Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. 2021 was an outstanding year for AMD as we exceeded our aggressive growth goals and delivered another record year. Each of our businesses grew significantly and set new annual revenue record, highlighted by data center revenue more than doubling year-over-year.  
Annual revenue grew 68% to a record $16.4 billion, and we expanded gross margin for the sixth straight year. We also delivered record net income and EPS, both of which more than doubled year-over-year.  
Looking at the fourth quarter, we ended the year exceptionally strong with our sixth straight quarter of greater than 45% year-over-year revenue growth. Fourth quarter revenue grew 49% from a year ago to a record $4.8 billion. We expanded gross margin by more than 5 percentage points and doubled operating income year-over-year.  
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Revenue increased 32% year-over-year to $2.6 billion, driven by growth in both Ryzen and Radeon processor sales. Record client computing revenue grew by a double-digit percentage from a year ago, led by record notebook sales. We saw strong demand for premium AMD notebooks and our higher-end desktop CPUs in the quarter as Ryzen 5000 processor unit shipments grew by a double-digit percentage sequentially. As a result, we believe we gained client processor revenue share for the seventh straight quarter.  
We launched our Ryzen 6000 series notebook CPUs at CES last month, featuring our new Zen 3+ core that further extends the leadership compute, gaming and battery life capabilities of our mobile processors. We increased the number of premium gaming and commercial design wins from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo and other major PC providers to more than 200, including more than 20 AMD Advantage notebooks that combine Ryzen CPUs, Radeon GPUs and Radeon Software to deliver the ultimate gaming experience.  
We also provided the first public demonstration of our upcoming Ryzen 7000 desktop processors at CES. Ryzen 7000 series desktop GPUs provide a significant performance increase compared to our current Ryzen processors by combining our high-performance 5-nanometer Zen 4 core with our next-generation memory and I/O technologies in the new AM5 socket.  There's a lot of excitement in the market for our next-gen Ryzen desktop processors and we're on track to launch in the second half of 2022.  
In Graphics, revenue more than doubled year-over-year for the third straight quarter. Radeon 6000 series GPU unit shipments and revenue both grew by double-digit percentages sequentially, led by strong demand across our RDNA 2 desktop family. At CES, we announced that we expanded our Radeon 6000 series GPU portfolio with our first mainstream RDNA 2 desktop GPU priced at $199.  
We also introduced new mobile GPUs that deliver up to 20% more performance than our prior generation and our first mobile graphics chips for thin and light gaming notebooks. Data center graphics revenue more than doubled year-over-year, driven largely by HPC wins for our latest Instinct MI200 accelerators. We are seeing growing customer engagements for our data center GPUs based on the leadership AI and HPC performance of our new MI200 accelerators, highlighted by multiple supercomputing wins and an expanded set of platforms on track to launch from Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo, Supermicro and others starting later this quarter.  
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue increased 75% year-over-year to $2.2 billion, driven by record EPYC processor and semi-custom sales. Semi-custom sales increased year-over-year as the current game console cycle continues outpacing all prior generations. We expect revenue to grow this year driven by continued strong demand for the latest Microsoft and Sony consoles.  
Turning to Server. We had another outstanding quarter. Revenue more than doubled year-over-year and increased by a double-digit percentage sequentially driven by demand across both cloud and enterprise customers. In cloud, revenue more than doubled year-over-year as the largest providers expanded internal deployments and more than 130 new AMD-powered instances launched from Amazon Web Services, Alibaba, Google, IBM, Microsoft Azure and others.  
Microsoft Azure previewed a new HPC instance, powered by our third-gen EPYC processors with 3D stack memory that delivers up to 80% more performance than currently available instances. Our differentiated 3D stacking technology further extends the leadership performance of EPYC processors and technical computing workloads like EDA, fluid dynamics and complex simulations. We started volume production of EPYC processors with 3D stacked memory earlier this quarter in advance of OEM platform launches with all our major server partners.  
In Enterprise, revenue doubled year-over-year, driven by the ongoing ramp of more than 100 third-gen EPYC platforms available from Dell, HP Enterprise, Lenovo, Supermicro, Cisco and others. In HPC, EPYC processor adoption was highlighted by the number of AMD-powered supercomputers on the November TOP500 fastest supercomputers list, tripling year-over-year to 73. EPYC processors also dominated the Green500 list and are now powering 8 of the top 10 most efficient supercomputers in the world.  
Turning to our overall data center business. We made outstanding progress in the last year. We exited 2021 with data center revenue contributing a mid-20 percentage of overall revenue, and we expect 2022 to be another year of significant growth based on the strong customer demand signals for our current and next-generation products.  
In November, we provided first details of our next-generation EPYC processor, codenamed Genoa, that will feature up to 96 Zen 4 cores and next-generation memory and I/O technologies including breakthrough memory expansion capabilities. Customer excitement for Genoa is extremely high as it extends our performance leadership across a broad range of workloads.  
We also announced the addition of Bergamo to our server road map, featuring a version of our Zen 4 core called Zen 4c that has been specifically optimized for cloud-native computing. Bergamo is a high-core count, power-efficient CPU that can be used in the same platforms as Genoa. It will feature up to 128 CPU cores and deliver significant performance and power efficiency advantages for cloud workloads. We are sampling Genoa processors to customers now and are on track to launch later this year, with Bergamo shipments planned to follow in the first half of 2023. 
Turning to our Xilinx acquisition. We were pleased to announce that China's State Administration for Market Regulation approved the transaction on January 27. The only remaining regulatory approval required is FTC approval of our HSR refiling, and we expect to close the transaction in the first quarter of 2022. I am more excited than ever about the benefits of the acquisition for both AMD and Xilinx stakeholders. Customer excitement is also high as they look forward to the opportunity to deepen their strategic engagements with AMD based on our expanded technology and solutions portfolio.  
In summary, I am incredibly proud of our performance in 2021. Our record annual results highlight our strong execution over multiple years to establish the technical, operational and strategic foundation to position AMD as a high-performance computing leader. Each of our businesses performed extremely well in 2021 with growth significantly ahead of the long-term financial model we outlined at our Financial Analyst Day in 2020. 
I want to take a moment to recognize and thank the AMD employees whose passion, dedication and execution have enabled this success.  
Turning to 2022. Demand for our product is very strong, and we look forward to another year of significant growth and share gains as we ramp our current products and launch our next wave of Zen core CPUs and RDNA 3 GPUs. We have also made significant investments to secure the capacity needed to support our growth in 2022 and beyond.  
Looking out over the long term, we are confident in our ability to continue growing significantly faster than the market based on our expanded road map investments and the deep relationships we have established with a broad set of customers who view AMD as a strategic enabler of their success.  
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. Devinder?

Sure, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So for 2022, I mean our current view is that we'll see growth in all of our businesses. We see strong demand for our products as well as we have increased supply capability given what we've done with our partners. 
So relative to the growth from the different businesses, the growth will be led by server. So from what we see from customers and sort of design wins and platforms and all that, server will be very strong next year. But we also expect growth from our other businesses, including consoles, including our PC business, our graphics business and our embedded business. So we expect the percentage of data center to continue to increase as we go into next year, and we'll give more on that as we go through the year.

Yes, absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So we've been working on sort of the supply chain really for the last 4 or 5 quarters knowing the growth that we have from a product standpoint and the visibility that we have from customers. So in regards to your question on 2022 supply environment, we made significant investments in wafer capacity as well as substrate capacity and back-end capacity. We feel very good about our progress in the supply chain to meet the 2022 guidance. And our goal is, frankly, to have enough supply to satisfy the demand out there. So our view is we're going to continue to work with our partners and our customers to ensure that we know what they need. And likewise, our capacity investments are for 2022, but also beyond '22 because as the business grows, we need to continue to forecast and make plans for that, and that's what we've been working on.

Yes. Well, we're very excited about our 5-nanometer products. I think Zen 4 is very critical. It's a focus for this year for both our server road map as well as our client road map. And then the work with the Infinity Fabric really -- really is just on top of that and allows us to continue to optimize sort of the AMD CPU and GPU ecosystem together. So whether on the data center side, with our data center GPU products, working with EPYC in high-performance computing or on the PC side, when we have our AMD APUs plus our discrete graphics plus the software on top. So it is an important -- very important element of our strategy, and it just goes to continuing to differentiate with the overall portfolio as we go into these new platforms.

Sure, Ross. So your question about the Computing and Graphics segment. Look, our focus in this segment is to be very closely aligned with our customers and what they're doing in the market. So we've been monitoring sell-in and sell-out and sell-through trends very carefully. I think the strength that we saw in the fourth quarter was very much a result of sort of the product strength. And we saw very nice notebook demand continuing at the premium part of the market in commercial, gaming, premium ultrathin. So we believe that the PC performance was a bit above our original guidance, but we believe that was to match end user demand. 
Going into 2022. Again, same story. I think the -- what we see is 2021 was a strong year for PCs. Overall, the industry shipped approximately 350 million units. I think our view is that 2022 will be roughly flattish from a unit standpoint. But we will see some mix changes in there with enterprise and premium being stronger than, for example, low end and education. 
So from our standpoint, it's revenue share that we believe we can gain. It's the strength of our Ryzen 6000 series that we just launched at CES. We have 200 platforms from all of the OEM customers. And we have pretty good visibility in working with our customers on that. So -- and I think we feel good about it. And again, the client business is one of -- all of our businesses will grow. And I like that diversity, frankly, in the portfolio. But we feel good about the progress we've made in PCs, and we'll continue to ensure that we're matching sell-in with sell-out so that there is not inventory build in the business.

Yes. Well, I would say the way to think about pricing is the industry has seen some price increases across the supply chain. And that's as to be expected given the amount of capacity that we're all putting on to satisfy the strong demand. So we're always in this for the long term and working with our supply chain partners as well as our customers to ensure that we find a way to kind of share the additional costs. But our focus is on ensuring that we have the supply to meet the high demand. And I think what you're seeing is growth in the model from the standpoint that we've always kind of said we're under-represented in the business. When you look even today with all of our growth, we're still under-represented in the business, whether you're talking about the server business or the PC business. And so we believe that our product strength and our customer engagements are such that we can grow significantly in this environment.

Yes, Vivek. So look, we always expect the competitive environment to be very strong and very aggressive. And that's the way we plan our business. That being the case, I think we're very happy with the growth that we've seen in the business sort of last year. And as we look forward, we see opportunities in both cloud and enterprise. 
On the cloud side, we're in 10 of the largest hyperscalers in the world -- are using AMD. As they get familiar with us over multiple generations, they're expanding the workloads that they're using AMD on. So we see that across internal and external workloads. 
In the enterprise segment, we doubled year over year here in 2021. We continue to add more field support to have more people get familiar with our architecture. We have very strong OEM relationships. So I feel very good about our server trajectory. And yes, it's very competitive out there. But we think the data center business is a secular growth business. And within that, we can grow significantly faster than the market.

Yes. I think, Vivek, the most important thing that we are sort of working on with our customers is really consistent execution. And so when you look at the last year and sort of some of the supply-demand imbalance, it has actually caused us to work much, much more closely with our customers. I think we have -- we're talking about visibility now multiple quarters and, in some cases, multiple years out. For the type of capacity that we're talking about for the size of the customers that we're talking to, we need to do that to plan to have the capability to support all of that capability. So overall, I think we have definitely deepened the relationships with the customers. And by the way, also, we've deepened the relationships with our supply chain partners. So I think the entire sort of -- the entire food chain needs to come together to deliver on the very strong demand that's out there. So that's certainly what we've been working on.

Sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So yes, our guide in Q1 actually is up sequentially. Usually, we're down sequentially, just given normal seasonality, but the demand patterns are such that demand is strong and we have additional supply coming on board, and so that's why we're guiding sequentially up. 
As it relates to CPU inventory, whether in PCs or in servers, we don't believe there is any significant inventory of our products, whether at our customers or sort of in the retailer channel. So from that standpoint, I think we've been watching very carefully the sell-in and sell-through patterns, and we believe we're matched to end-user demand.

Yes, absolutely. Look, I'm extremely excited about Xilinx. I mean I would say that we very much have been planning for the integration over this period of time. We've had customers anxious to talk to us about combined road maps. When we think about sort of the technology that they have, it's very complementary to ours, very, very strong team. And their business results were just posted last week, and their business is also doing it very, very well. So I think the combination is going to be very exciting. We look forward to telling you a lot more about it as we get to close and beyond.

Yes, John, so we've certainly worked very hard to give ourselves fungibility amongst the various capacity corridors that we have. So we've done numerous cross-qualifications and new factory bring-ups and all of that stuff. So I would say it's not 100% fungible, but there -- it is -- there is an ability to move across the different businesses. And we make that a dynamic allocation decision sort of like weekly based on what we see going on. 
So I think we have a pretty good pulse on the market. We sort of understand sort of what's going on. And our customers are giving us signals on a regular basis. And so I think we'll be able to manage through at all of the puts and takes as we go through the year.

Yes, sure. So data center GPU had a very strong year in 2021. It was sort of a key year for us as we launched the MI200 family and we had several large supercomputing wins. This year, for data center GPU, it's about the cloud and about sort of expanding beyond sort of the large HPC wins. I view it as a strategic growth vector for us over the next several years. I think your question is a good one about sort of the pull. Now that EPYC is very sort of well-established in these accounts, I do think that helps us with data center GPU. But the way to think about it is this is a long-term investment for us. The hardware is very, very good. We've been investing more in the software. We've been working with our customers to ensure that our tool chain gets them the performance that they need. And so I would say this is a longer-term driver, but I'm pleased with the progress that we made certainly through this last year.

Yes. Sure, Blayne. It's still very early. But yes, we're very happy with the partnership with Nokia that was announced. As you said, this is an area where we're early in the cycle. It's an area where we're building relationships. And so I feel good about the progress there, but I would say it's still quite early. And then you didn't ask this, but just one of the other things with the communications and 5G. As we bring Xilinx into the equation, they also have very deep relationships with a number of these accounts. And so we see that as an incremental positive as we think about EPYC in communications.

Sure. So for the Q1 guide, the sequential up is being driven by -- primarily by server and then also by client. For Semi-Custom, it is normally significantly down. And this year, it is flattish into the first quarter. And it's -- as you said, the seasonal patterns aren't there. Demand continues to be strong, and we continue to support our customers with additional product there.

Stacy, I don't think I'm going to answer that exactly. But what I will say is what I said before. Look, we are sharing. As we go through this environment, the key is to have long-term relationships, both on the supply chain side and on the customer side. But without a doubt, the predominant growth is products. So it's units and ASPs from the mix of the product, and that's the predominant growth.

Yes, sure, Mark. So actually, it's a very exciting area. It's -- just consider it an evolution of -- we've always had a semi-custom model, like the work that we do with the console guys to design specifically for their application. As we look at the broader set of applications, including some of these data center applications, we do believe that there's a sort of the next leg of the stool in terms of deep customer relationships. So we already do a lot of customization around product SKUs and specific optimization points, but we can certainly imagine both customer IP or different incarnations of our IP to really optimize. Because as these applications end up really requiring so much volume, it really does justify additional customization for those cases.

Sure, Joe. Well, I think overall, we have been in a mode of demand is larger than supply. Although we made a lot of progress through 2021. And I expect to make more progress, really incremental capacity will come online through 2022, especially in the second half. So I think it's really about sort of our prioritization decisions and trying to ensure that we spend -- that we're satisfying our customers' needs. But we're definitely working on getting more supply as we go through the year. And I think you should see it loosen up a bit.

Yes. So enterprise has grown nicely. I mean we're still cloud-weighted. So if you look -- sometimes these patterns, it's better to look on a full year basis. So we are still cloud-weighted relative to enterprise. But enterprise has made a really nice progress. It's a sizable business, and the -- we've made progress with the larger OEMs as well as across a number of regional OEMs.

Sure, Chris. Well, I think the strategy is as we have gotten more scale in the business, we can invest more and we see ways to further differentiate our product portfolio. So I mean I think Milan-X is really sort of the highest of the highest end. And we see that for technical computing and some of these EDA workloads that, that does give us a very differentiated product. And then we have the regular Milan product line. We'll have Genoa. And Bergamo is really optimized for cloud. 
So I do believe it gives us more opportunity to expand from a market share and a footprint standpoint. And I think the broader statement, Chris, is that the data center is so large. There are so many different workloads that you can optimize. Like by doing these variants, we will actually get a better solution for the customer, give them better total cost of ownership and, hopefully, give us a larger footprint in that workload as well.

Yes. We've set out a road map for, frankly, not just 2022 but beyond, which allows, let's call it, very aggressive growth goals. We work that on a regular basis with our customers and our supply chain partners. I would say we have better visibility than we have ever had from a customer demand standpoint. And so that gives us pretty good confidence in terms of what is needed, but there are always going to be some puts and takes. And so we have enough flexibility to do that. 
But our goal is to dimension for success, right? At the end of the day, that's what we want to do is we want to satisfy customer demand, and so we're dimensioning for success and work with our customers as their demand evolves.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Harlan. Look, I like the Embedded business. I've always liked the Embedded business. It's a nice, sticky business over many years. It is smaller, but it has grown nicely. And the volume design wins in automotive and they've now sort of expanded their usage. They've recently expanded their usage over a broader part of their product portfolio. We've focused on networking and storage as key markets. I do think there is a very good synergy with Xilinx in terms of just the customer set and the channels. And so I do see it as a nice grower for us as we go through it, and there's very good reuse from our server products as well as our client products. So we'll talk -- again, we'll talk a little bit more about it as the business gets to more size. And that will be part of our Financial Analyst Day conversation when we get to that in June.