Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We executed well on the third quarter. We continued to build momentum for our new products as strong sales of our Ryzen and EPYC processors offset soft GPU channel sales and drove our fifth consecutive quarter of year-on-year revenue growth, increased profitability and margin expansion. Third quarter revenue was $1.65 billion, an increase of 4% from a year ago. 
Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, third quarter CG segment revenue increased 12% year-on-year, driven by significant growth in both client processor and OEM GPU sales that offset a larger-than-expected decline in channel GPU sales. Ryzen processor sales increased to more than 70% of our total client revenue in the quarter. We delivered our highest processor unit shipment in nearly 4 years and believe we gained desktop and notebook client processor unit share in the quarter, driven by growth with both OEMs and in the channel. 
In desktop, we had strong demand for our higher-end Ryzen 7, Ryzen 5 and Ryzen Threadripper processors, helping to drive a double-digit percentage year-over-year and sequential improvement in client processor ASP. We expanded our desktop offerings in the quarter, bringing our Zen processor core and Vega graphics to the entry-level part of the market with the Athlon APU and launching our flagship 32-core Threadripper 2 processor. With these new introductions, we now have a top to bottom line of these client processors based on our high-performance Zen architecture. 
In notebooks, Ryzen Mobile processor unit shipments doubled sequentially for the second straight quarter as OEMs ramped production of their latest AMD-based notebooks. 54 of the 60 Ryzen processor-based notebooks planned for 2008 have launched, with the final notebooks expected to go on sale this quarter. Based on the success of first-generation Ryzen Mobile notebooks, the expanded breadth of our customer engagements and our design win momentum, we are on track for an even larger assortment of AMD-powered notebooks in 2019. 
In graphics, the year-over-year revenue decrease was primarily driven by significantly lower channel GPU sales, partially offset by improved OEM and data center GPU sales. Channel GPU sales came in lower than expected based on excess channel inventory levels caused by the decline in blockchain-related demand that was so strong earlier in the year. OEM GPU sales in the third quarter increased by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year as new design wins began to ramp, including first shipments of our mobile Vega GPUs to support new premium notebooks launching this quarter. 
In professional graphics, revenue increased by a double-digit percentage from a year ago, driven by data center GPU sales as we continue to gain traction in this important part of the market. We launched the Radeon Pro WX 8200 GPU for workstations in the quarter, delivering the world's best workstation graphics performance under $1,000 on real-time visualization, VR and photorealistic editing workloads. We remain on track to launch the industry's first 7-nanometer data center GPU this quarter. Customer interest in the product is strong based on its performance and differentiated feature set, and we have already secured multiple data center wins with shipments expected to begin in the fourth quarter. We continue to increase investment in GPU hardware and software to deliver industry-leading products that we believe will drive growth in the gaming, professional and data center markets. 
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Third quarter revenue decreased 5% year-on-year primarily based on semi-custom sales declining, as expected, as current generation consoles entered their sixth year. 
In server, we delivered our third straight quarter of strong double-digit percentage sequential revenue and unit shipment growth. We are seeing the largest demand for our top of the stack 24- and 32-core EPYC processors, which combine industry-leading core count and I/O to deliver performance advantages across cloud, virtualization and HPC workloads. We continue to accelerate engagements with our cloud service providers, highlighted by yesterday's announcement that Oracle launched new AMD-powered emphasis that offer significant TCO and performance advantages on general-purpose cloud workloads and Oracle applications. We expect additional Tier 1 cloud service providers to announce availability of new EPYC processor deployment this quarter. We secured multiple new customer wins on the HPC front, including Microsoft's announcement they would offer an EPYC processor-based supercomputing instance, and that Haas Racing has chosen Cray to build an EPYC-powered supercomputer to improve their computational fluid dynamics modeling for future cars. 
Turning to enterprise adoption. We continue to build a strong pipeline and accelerate the ongoing ramps of EPYC-based offerings from the major OEMs, including Cisco, Dell and HP Enterprise. In the third quarter, we added dozens of new end customers across oil and gas, health care, aerospace, banking and other industries based on the superior performance of EPYC processors in both data analytics and general-purpose virtualized workloads. We began sampling our next-generation Rome server chip broadly across our customer base in the third quarter, and the feedback on this leadership product is very strong. As a result, cloud and OEM customers are engaging earlier, deeper and more collaboratively with us on both Rome and our long-term data center road map. We remain on track to exit the year with mid-single-digit server unit market share based on cloud customer adoption. And based on our strong competitive position and broad customer engagements, we believe we can achieve double-digit server unit share with Rome.
In closing, 2018 remains an inflection point for AMD as we expect to exit the year with well over 50% of our revenue coming from new products, driving significant margin expansion. The foundational changes we have made across the business has strengthened our execution, and the investments we have made to deliver a leadership Computing and Graphics road map are paying off. Our current generations of high-performance CPUs and GPUs are doing very well in market, putting us on track to increase profitability, grow revenue and expand margin for the second straight year. We see significant opportunities to build on this momentum as we transition to our next generations of high-performance products and launch the industry's first 7-nanometer x86 CPUs and discrete GPUs over the coming quarters. Demand for our high-performance computing offerings remains strong, and our product portfolio and competitive positioning are getting stronger. We remain focused on executing our strategy and delivering our leadership product road map. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance. Devinder?

Yes. Mark, thanks for the question. So let me take those in order here. So if we just look at the third quarter revenue, I would say that we did see a shift in our revenue mix as we went through the third quarter. Looking at the individual product lines, we had expected that the client business would be strong as we were ramping quite a few new notebook OEM systems as well as we have strong desktop product portfolio. And we saw the client business was strong. It was actually up probably a bit stronger than we expected. The server business also performed quite well. In the graphics business, we had our OEM and data center compute business performing well, but we did see the softness in the channel that was larger than we expected, and that was due to some of the channel inventory comments that I made earlier. Now as you shift into the fourth quarter, I think what we see is that our fourth quarter revenue mix really mixes towards the new products. And so what you see in the product lines are -- you'd see the client business continue to grow, and client is usually seasonally down into the fourth quarter. So we're doing better than seasonality with the client business. We expect the server business to grow as well as we get more traction with our EPYC products, especially in the cloud. And then we would expect, with our graphics business, that, that will also grow sequentially primarily on the strength of new products around our data center GPUs and the semi-custom business actually will decline sequentially. Semi-custom business always declines in fourth quarter. I would say this fourth quarter is a bit more pronounced. It gets a bit more pronounced as we get later in the cycle as well as the fact that the 606 accounting regulations tended to pull some of the revenue earlier in the year. But hopefully, that gives you a view of sort of the puts and takes around revenue.

Yes. So Mark, maybe just a correction. So I think Devinder's comment was that our 7-nanometer GPU would ship here in the fourth quarter, and we're on track to launch that here shortly. The second-generation of EPYC, our 7-nanometer CPU, will ship in 2019. We are broadly sampling it now. I think from what we see, the performance is very competitive. And also, many of our customers have had a chance to really spend time with the first generation of EPYC, get to learn our architecture and do much of the platform bring-up. So we're excited about what the second generation of EPYC can do for us. We're -- and we're going to talk a little bit more about that in a couple weeks at our data center event, but we believe that our competitive position gets stronger as we get into 2019.

Sure. Let me -- maybe let me start and then Devinder can add. So on the gross margin for the third quarter, I think we were up 4% year-on-year. We did have an IP component in this year as we had an IP component in the third quarter of last year. The majority of the improvement though was due to the positive product mix, sort of the client and server business really growing year-on-year and with that, improving the product mix. As we go into the fourth quarter, there is no IP-related revenue that's planned right now. So with the guide at 41% margin, we really are at the -- let's call it, the low end of our long-term guidance. And again, that's on the strength of the product mix. It's a very positive product mix for us. The processor business, as we've always said, the new products are accretive to margin. And so the client business is expected to grow. The server business is expected to grow. The data center GPUs are expected to grow. And then there is a portion of that, the semi-custom business declining sequentially, but I would say that's the smaller portion. It's really the positive product mix that's going into the Q4 guide. And maybe, Devinder, is there anything you wanted to add?

Yes. So look, if you -- Hans, our typical seasonality is the second half of the year is stronger than the first half of the year. As we go into 2019, you would expect that the semi-custom business will be down relative to this year and then you would expect that we're still going to need a bit of time to work through some of this graphics channel inventory that we have. But on the positive side, we do see strength in our processor business in both the client and the server side. As it relates to the current supply environment, we did see some pockets of constraints in the supply chain around PCs. We saw that towards the end of the third quarter. We are increasing our production such that we can satisfy some of that demand. And I think that's a short-term statement, but I think on a midterm statement, it's an environment where we're partnering very closely with our OEMs to make sure their requirements are met.

Yes. Matt, thanks for the question. So on the PC business particularly around client processors, I am bullish on that business. It's a good business for us. Our products are very well positioned when you look at both the desktop and notebook segment. It was important for us to get these new platforms out into the market, and so we have 54 new notebook platforms that are out in the market with a few more to go as we enter -- finish up here the fourth quarter. I think the traction that we see in terms of unit shipments, the metric around Ryzen being 70% of our client business -- over 70%, and we expect that to continue to accelerate. So we're bullish, the client business as a good business for us to grow over the next 12 to 24 months.

Yes. So on the data center GPU business, this will continue to be an area of investment for us. I think we've made very nice progress this year. I think as we finish up the year, we expected to again make good progress. We have invested in -- on both the hardware and the software side. So I think the 7-nanometer GPU starting shipments here in the fourth quarter is important for us. And on the software side, yes, we will also be updating the status of our software environment. I think the nice thing is, as we say, the data center is just an enormous opportunity, whether you're talking about CPUs or GPUs, and we're engaging deeply with cloud customers who are spending the time and the resources to optimize to our architecture. So again, I think it's -- data center tends to take longer from design win to revenue, but we're starting to see some nice signals there.

Maybe I would answer the question this way. When we look at our 7-nanometer product and its positioning in 2019 across the server landscape, we feel very good about the positioning. I think it's not just 7-nanometer. 7-nanometer is important, but we've also made some significant changes to the architecture as well as how -- sort of the system. So I think overall, we feel, with the design and process capabilities, that our 7-nanometer products will be quite competitive.

Well, we have a great relationship with TSMC. I think they're very supportive of our road map in 7-nanometer. So it's not due to any supply constraint. It's just due to the time that we believe that we'll take for vendors to really qualify new systems.

The highest -- it was between Q4 and Q1. They were pretty close.

Yes, sure, Vivek. So the best thing I can say is when we look at the CG segment, that's a segment -- we're down about $150 million here in the third quarter. We had expected the segment to be down, but we probably expected it to be down about $50 million or so. And if you look at that difference from when we started the quarter, that's entirely the GPU channel. We had some other puts and takes in there, but it's basically the GPU channel. As we go into the fourth quarter, we do expect graphics to be up, and that's primarily on the strength of the data center GPU business, and we're modeling the channel as, let's call it, roughly flattish. It's seasonally about flattish, but given some of the inventory in the channel, that's how we're modeling. Does that help?

Well, we are expecting that it might take a couple of quarters to completely get back to, let's call it, a normal channel. However, it is factored into our Q4 guidance.

Yes. So I -- the way I look at it, Vivek, is it's really a continuum. And the continuum is we have a number of customers that are very actively working with EPYC. I think the first 5% does include some cloud customers ramping, and that's important. And then as we go beyond that, we would expect that they're more used to our architecture. Our architecture is socket-compatible between the first and second generation. We're sampling it now. And so I think the idea is we would like to see some acceleration in that as we bring in the 7-nanometer product, but we'll certainly have to go through that process.

Yes. Stacy, let me make sure I clarify the first comment and then I'll certainly answer -- comment. My comment was at the segment level. So at the segment level, I said we were about $100 million light, and I also said that client performed a little bit better than expected. So I think you can say that it was probably -- if you -- that should help quantify sort of Q3. When I look at it going forward, I would not expect that cycle to decline on a year-on-year basis. I think what you'll see is some funky seasonality, right. So the first half of the year was very strong for graphics. I think the first half of '19 will not be very strong for graphics, but we have a number of product launches coming up, and we're pretty excited about some of those product launches. And so I would view that -- we need to work off some of this channel inventory that's in place and then go back to sort of a more typical seasonality, which would see the second half stronger than the first. Does that help?

You always have a way of asking the most granular questions.

It is more than $20 million. We do see it as a driver. We do see it as more of a driver as we go into 7-nanometer. And this is one of those cases where typically, the data center products ramp slowly, but as you know, the deployment can sometimes be lumpy and there's good traction on some early design wins. And so we expect it to be a meaningful contribution in Q4.

There are no changes to our long-term financial model at this point.

Yes -- no. If that's how it sounded, that's not what I meant. So I would say that the GPU -- let's call it, the weakness in the GPU channel or primarily in the sell-in is, let's call it, for the -- we might see that for the next quarter or 2. But as you look through the overall business, I think gamers are still buying GPUs. And so this is really a matter of just absorbing some of the first half, let's call it, oversupply as it relates to GPUs and that's translating into a bit weaker sell-in. But we are still tracking the sellout and the sell-through through the -- to the end customers.

Well, I think, Ross, if you look on an annual basis for 2008, we'll be approximately 28% of OpEx to revenue. And I think what we've said in the past is we will grow OpEx but we will grow it slower than revenue growth on an annual basis. And that's still our philosophy.

Yes. I think, Joe, it'd be fair to say that we have strong double digits this quarter and we'd just say we're about halfway. I mean, I think that's reasonable, plus or minus.

Yes. And we will go this -- go through this in a lot more detail on November 6, but at a high level, I think 7-nanometer gives us better density. So for a given system, we can put more cores on it. It gives us better power. So that gives us total cost of ownership, and it does give us better performance as well.

Yes. So on the gross margin -- that was Q4 guidance, there is no opportune IP-related revenue. So that's all product. We do have, as I said earlier, a very positive product mix related to processor side of the business, so the client, the server as well as the data center GPUs. We are helped somewhat by the fact that semi-custom is down, but I would say the much larger piece of that is the product-related growth in new products.

I don't know if I would say it's the new floor. I would say that we're very pleased that we're at the lower end of our long-term guidance. And certainly, we'll see what the puts and takes are as we go from a quarterly standpoint into 2019. But on a full year basis in 2018, I think Devinder mentioned this in his prepared remarks, we're now over 38%, and we've really grown margins every quarter over the last number of quarters. And we're happy with that. I think that's the strength of the model. We've always said that the strength of the model is improving the product mix, and I think that's what we see here today.

Yes. So we do see some pockets of shortages. We are ramping up production. I do believe we see some incremental benefit here in the fourth quarter, but I don't want to take away from the fact that we have a strong portfolio and we have a lot of platforms ramping. So the client business was always going to be up for us in Q4. And are we benefiting a bit from, let's call it, some of the pockets of shortages? Perhaps.

Yes, sure. So again, without commenting on any specific design wins, what I would say is in 2019, we will be in the seventh year of the game console cycle. And so we do expect it to be down. And if you look at the cycles, you'll see that it's very consistent with previous cycles. When we look forward, when I look at what happens beyond 2019, I like our semi-custom business. I think it's a good business for us. I think it continues to be a place where we differentiate ourselves because of our ability to customize for various customers. And I do see it growing again beyond 2019, and it will continue to be an important part of our business.

Yes. So we're monitoring the tariff situation very closely. There's a lot of activity around that. I would say from what we see today, we don't see anything material as it relates to the tariffs, whether it's pull-ins or just the overall impact from tariffs. But we are doing quite a bit to adjust our supply chain, as I'm sure many others are. So we already had a supply chain that was highly multi-sourced, and so that's very helpful. And we're adjusting our supply chain to ensure that we have further options such that the tariffs are not a significant impact on our business.

I don't think we see that specifically, Harlan. I think what we're seeing is more -- just we had very strong demand in the first half of this year. And as the supply chain build up, we're just seeing some excess inventory that needs to be worked through right now. We're not seeing anything specific relative to that China issue you mentioned.

Yes. So look, GLOBALFOUNDRIES is a good partner. They continue to be a very important partner for us. We are in discussions with them about how to update our agreement post their strategy updates. And we're making good progress on that. So we'll give you more detail as we get closer. But overall, they -- GLOBALFOUNDRIES continues to be an important partner for us.

Yes, Blayne. So it is related to some additional IP with THATIC. And we've completed some technology milestones in this past quarter, and so that's what that was.

Yes. We're not expecting any significant changes from an ASP standpoint if that's what you're asking. I think what we see is the inventory just has to be worked through, and it's working through the system.

Sure. So the client business is a good business for us from a margin standpoint. And as we look forward, we look at it as an end-to-end portfolio. So -- and we really do have an end-to-end portfolio across notebook and desktop. And our goal is continue to improve the profitability of that business. As it relates to unit share, I think unit share is certainly important. We look at revenue growth overall as important for that business, but I believe we'll be able to do that at good margins then continue on our margin path.