Thank you, Ruth, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. Before covering our quarterly results, I wanted to provide some comments addressing our response to COVID-19. First, I want to recognize the toll the pandemic has taken on the world. The breadth and speed at which COVID-19 has changed the world since our last earnings call has been staggering. I want to thank the countless healthcare professionals and essential workers serving on the front lines every day. 
At AMD, our first priority has been to protect the health and safety of our employees. We have transitioned the vast majority of our more than 12,000 employees worldwide to working from home, while ensuring we maintain focus on reliably supplying our customers with the products and services their businesses depend on. 
We are also supporting the communities we call home through financial and personal protective equipment donations and providing our technology to accelerate medical research. More than ever, the pandemic has placed technology at the forefront of how we work, learn, shop and connect. And we are proud to be providing many of the components powering these essential technologies. Against that backdrop, we performed well in the first quarter.
Revenue increased 40% year-over-year to $1.79 billion as demand for 7-nanometer Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC processors drove record first quarter revenue and our highest gross margin in 8 years. I'm pleased with our execution in the quarter, as we quickly adopted our global operations to navigate pockets of supply chain disruption and addressed geographic and market demand shifts caused by COVID-19. 
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. First quarter segment revenue increased 73% year-over-year to $1.44 billion, driven by increased Ryzen and Radeon processor adoption. We saw some softness based on the COVID-19 situation in China that impacted PC related sales in the first quarter. While both component and system demand were relatively strong at online vendors, off-line channel sales were weaker-than-expected as many retail locations across China were closed for much of the quarter.
PC demand in the rest of the world was strong, offsetting the softness in China. Client processor revenue grew significantly year-over-year as strong Ryzen processor demand resulted in significant double-digit percentage increases in unit shipments and ASP. As a result, we believe we gained client unit market share for the 10th straight quarter.
In desktop, overall demand for our latest Ryzen 3000 and prior generation Ryzen 2000 processor families was strong, both of which continue to top retailer best seller lists and have more than 50% share of premium processor sales at many top global e-tailers.
In mobile, unit shipments increased by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year. We set a record for quarterly notebook processor revenue driven by sustained demand for our previous generation offerings and the ramp of the first Ryzen Mobile 4000 design wins. Initial consumer notebooks featuring our new Ryzen 4000 processors launched to strong demand based on reviews that demonstrated their performance and battery life leadership for ultrathin and gaming notebooks. We also gained momentum in the commercial market, winning multiple large-scale deployments as Lenovo announced new ThinkPads and HP launched commercial class ProBooks powered by our latest Ryzen 4000 mobile processors. We are on track to accelerate our mobile growth this year as Acer, ASUS, Dell, HP, Lenovo and other OEMs are expected to launch more than 135 new Ryzen-powered consumer and commercial notebooks over the coming quarters. 
In graphics, first quarter unit shipments and revenue both grew by a double-digit percentage year-over-year, driven largely by sales of our Radeon RX 5000 series, desktop and notebook GPUs. Desktop channel sales increased based on solid demand for both 7-nanometer RDNA graphics cards and previous-generation Radeon RX 500 series GPUs.
In mobile, demand for notebooks powered by our Radeon 5000M mobile GPUs, including the latest Apple MacBook Pro and other gaming notebooks, drove a richer mix as customers transition their platforms to our new RDNA mobile offerings. 
Development of our RDNA 2 GPUs continues to progress well. We are on track to launch our next-generation gaming GPUs later this year with a 50% performance per watt increase compared to our current offerings. In the data center, Microsoft Azure introduced new virtual machines optimized for visualization workloads powered by our Radeon Instinct MI25 GPUs.
Microsoft is using our differentiated virtualization technology to partition a GPU for the first time in the same way they partition multi-core CPUs, allowing customers to tailor the GPU capability to meet the needs of their specific workload.
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue of $348 million decreased 21% year-over-year as lower semi-custom revenue more than offset a significant increase in server revenue. As expected, semi-custom product revenue was negligible in the quarter, as Sony and Microsoft both reduced inventory in advance of next-generation console launches. 
We expect semi-custom revenue to increase in the second quarter and be heavily weighted towards the second half of the year as we ramp production to support the holiday launches of the new PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X consoles. 
In server, unit shipments grew by a double-digit percentage sequentially and more than tripled year-over-year as we continue gaining momentum across cloud, enterprise and HPC customers. We saw particular strength with cloud providers introducing new instances and accelerating current deployments. Microsoft Azure, Google and IBM, all announced new offerings powered by second generation EPYC processors, highlighted by Google launching multiple general purpose VMs and Microsoft rolling out an all-AMD virtual desktop offering that also includes Radeon Instinct GPUs. 
Several cloud providers accelerated their infrastructure deployments to address rising demand from the growing number of users working and schooling from home. For instance, one of our large cloud customers was able to deploy 10,000 2nd Gen EPYC servers in less than 10 days to support the surge in demand for their collaboration services.
In the enterprise, we expanded our 2nd Gen EPYC processor portfolio with new high-frequency processors that expand our performance leadership to advanced modeling, database and hyperconverged workloads. With these new offerings, our 2nd Gen EPYC processor family now includes both the highest performance per core and performance per socket processors in the industry. We continue winning in HPC, highlighted by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratories, announcing they selected next-generation AMD EPYC CPUs and Radeon Instinct GPUs to power their El Capitan supercomputer, which is expected to deliver more than 2 exaFLOPS of computing performance when it is deployed in early 2023. We are incredibly proud that 2 of the 3 publicly announced U.S. exascale supercomputing systems will exclusively use AMD CPUs and GPUs, clearly positioning AMD as the exascale computing leader based on our high-performance computing and graphics technologies and software capabilities. 
In closing, our long-term strategy and growth drivers remain unchanged. Although there are some near-term uncertainties in the demand environment, we are well positioned to navigate through this situation. We have a solid financial foundation, and our product portfolio is very well positioned across the PC, gaming and data center markets. While demand indicators across commercial, education and data center infrastructure markets are strong, we expect some softness in consumer demand in the second half of the year, depending on how overall macroeconomic conditions evolve. We remain on track to launch our next-generation Zen 3 CPUs and RDNA 2 GPUs in late 2020 and believe we can deliver another year of strong revenue growth and margin expansion based on the strength of our product portfolio and the diversity of markets we serve. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our first quarter financial performance. Devinder?

Yes. Absolutely, Matt. Thank you, and I appreciate the question. So look, we are very pleased with the progress in our server business. I think if you look at sort of the progress we've made, there were a number of key things that we wanted to see happen. What we saw in the quarter that we just finished, in the first quarter, we actually saw a very nice acceleration of the cloud business as we went through the quarter. I think as we go into the second quarter, there's an additional significant ramp of the server business. And so we expect to continue to gain share as we go through these next couple of quarters. I think what we're seeing from the current COVID-19 environment, obviously, there's a lot of puts and takes. But as it relates to data center, it's positive for the data center market. Certainly, we've seen some of our largest customers ask us to accelerate some of our deployments. And we look forward to continuing to ramp our server business. I think you asked about Milan, and yes, we are expecting to be launching that at the end of this year.

Sure. So the PC business has actually held up pretty well. So if we look at the PC business in the first quarter, we saw the rest of the world PC business actually get some benefit from some of the acceleration in demand sort of towards the end of the quarter. We did see some weakness in China as China was shut down in the months of February and early March. We saw that primarily in the channel business, so in offline channels. Now we have seen that pick up as we've gone through the month of April. And what we're seeing in general in the PC business is the first quarter and the second quarter is actually relatively strong with accelerated notebook demand and desktops sequentially lower just based on sort of the preference around notebook versus desktop in this framework. So those are the key dynamics for the PC business.

Yes. Sure, Joe. So look, we understand that there's a lot of questions about visibility as we go into the second half of the year. The way we look at our business is, we have sort of a lot of positives in terms of just market drivers that we do have good visibility too. I think our progress in the data center market is a positive. We see that with a number of platforms ramping and the number of customers that we have coming on board. So we see that as a positive for us as we go through this year. 
Console gaming is a positive for us. There's lots of anticipation around the consoles. It's one of the largest launches, I think, of the year. And from that standpoint, there's no change in our view as it relates to COVID-19, just given what we see today. Now as you look at the range, we have increased the range of our guide. And sort of the biggest sort of question mark in my mind is kind of the shape of the PC market this year. As I mentioned earlier, the first half actually looks a little bit stronger than expected, particularly on the notebook side. We are potentially expecting some weakness in the second half due to consumer spending. You sort of have the 2 -- the 2 forces are there. I mean, one is, there is a pull with the strong work-from-home trends, but then there's also the view that, from a macro standpoint, will be weaker in the second half of the year. So that's -- the primary variance in our model is what happens to the PC market. I will say, though, that underneath the market trends, we're very pleased with our portfolio. I mean the notebook portfolio that we have in PCs is the strongest we've ever had. And we believe we have a good opportunity to gain share throughout the year, even as the market may be a little bit weaker than originally expected. So that's the reason for the guidance to try to give the puts and takes. And of course, we'll see how the year plays out.

Yes. So the data center GPU business is an important strategic business. In terms of size, it's still relatively small compared to the data center CPU business. We are making progress, good overall progress in a number of workloads. Cloud gaming is one that has been a good one for us, and we continue to see opportunity in that as we go through this year, with the current product set. We also just launched the VDI instance with Microsoft Azure, which we feel will be a good workload for us. And then we have a number of the HPC wins that we've talked about that are going to be based on the CDNA architecture, which is an important strategic area for us as well as continued focus on improving our machine learning and overall machine learning frameworks and capabilities. So those are the key workloads that we're going after. And I do think it's an important business for us as we go forward.

Sure, Vivek. Yes. So that is correct. There was a mix shift towards cloud in the first quarter, and that did have an impact with ASPs lower. That being the case, the ASPs are very healthy. So I think from the standpoint of how our business evolves, it's within the plus or minus of the business model. In terms of where we believe demand will be versus 90 days ago, it's pretty similar. And the way I would say it is, we see cloud being strong. What we see is not just putting on more capacity, but really the ramping of new platforms. And so we view that as a positive. We have strong enterprise adoption as well. When we look at our pipeline in enterprise, it's continued to grow, and continued to grow in the first quarter and continued to grow in sort of the first month here of the second quarter. We do expect, perhaps at the transactional business, sort of the SMB type of business may be more impacted by COVID-19, but that was never a large piece of our business to begin with. So we feel good about the server business. And it continues to be a very strategic focus for us. I think the relationships with our partners and our customers are getting closer as we go through sort of the process of ramping volumes. And so we continue to view it as a strong growth driver for us on a year-over-year basis.

Yes. Maybe, Vivek, I can just add to that. So in addition to the data center mix that Devinder mentioned, we also expect to see the console gross margins improve as we go through the year. And that's the reason for the full year guide at 45%. So usually, what happens is in the very -- second quarter is our very first quarter of ramp for the consoles, and so the margin starts a little bit lower and continues to ramp as we go through the year.

Yes, Mark. So our PC business does tend to be much more consumer weighted. I mean, we've made progress in commercial. Commercial has grown nicely, but it's still consumer weighted. We expect to continue to gain commercial share as we go through this year. As that happens, I think there's 2 things in the PC margins that affect PC gross margins. Heavier weight of commercial is certainly positive for the overall gross margins. I think the other pieces, we should expect that education will be strong and that tends to be lower in the mix. And so there are lots of mix dynamics. But overall, I think our confidence level in notebooks being a strong growth driver for us as we go through this year is good. And we continue to work on the commercial versus consumer mix.

Sure, Mark. So when you look at our cloud instances, I would say that our cloud -- some of the cloud acceleration I referred to was acceleration of internal workloads at some of our top cloud customers. So I think that's an area actually where we get more visibility. Cloud instances in terms of numbers for external usage has grown. We announced the GCP platform. We announced the IBM platform as well as additional Microsoft platforms. You will see more cloud instances rollout over the next quarter or so. But much of the growth that we've seen has been around internal deployment of the cloud companies. And then as it relates to enterprise, it is more heavily weighted towards HPC. We've done very, very well in HPC. We're pretty excited about our new high-frequency SKUs that were just launched here in April. They're actually very well suited for large enterprise applications and financial sector as well as some of the technology sectors, and so that's a key focus for us in terms of growing those other pieces of the enterprise business.

Sure. So we did have a positive cloud mix, but I would say that the Q4 to Q1 mix had significant improvement in cloud or significant growth in cloud. So that was the ASP sort of shift that we talked about. As it relates to data center overall, we were in the high teens this quarter. And you had one other question, Stacy?

Yes. The revenues were also up sequentially. Not as much as units, but revenues were sequentially -- yes.

Yes. So the way we define the share target, and it very much is sort of the view of -- we expect about 20 million units a year in terms of single-socket and dual-socket servers. That's about 5 million units a quarter. So 10% share is about 0.5 million units. From where we look today, we look to be on track to that. Q2 is actually...

Yes. Yes. Q2 is actually our strongest backlog quarter that we've seen. So I think that's our current visibility today.

Well, again, I think not to go back on how we define the target. I think I've given you how we define the target. And I think that's an appropriate way to define the target. I think our comms exposure is very, very early. And I would say, is not a significant part of the revenue at this point.

Yes. So I would say from the full year standpoint, the biggest variable is the PC business in its entirety. So that's notebook and desktop. And like I said, it's a variable, if I -- you can model various scenarios as to what it can be. And I think from our standpoint, when we started the year, we had the expectation of a pretty normal PC environment. I think we would all say that the environment is different than when we started. And given the size of that market, we have given ourselves a wide range. As it relates to what we thought before, it's priority PCs. And when you look at the other markets, game consoles, data center were about what we expected, and the signals continued to be positive in those areas. And by the way, I should -- I'm sorry, if I can just finish off. On PCs , I would say though that, I think we're all waiting to see some of the data as we go through the second half of the year. So I want to say that, like I said, there's those 2 competing forces. One is, there's a strong pull for work-from-home trends and the other is just what is the impact on macro going to be for discretionary consumer spend. And so I think that's a place where we lack full visibility. And we continue to talk to customers. And I think we're all trying to make sure that we are well prepared for any of the scenarios as they come about.

No. It's -- the PC market is always a competitive market. And from that standpoint, I don't think the environment has changed substantially from a -- either a capacity standpoint or a marketing dollar standpoint. From our view, it's all about ensuring that the platforms that we launch actually ramp into production smoothly. And so we've been working on that. And we feel very good about that. I think we mentioned that we have a significant number of platforms, over 135 mobile platforms that are coming to market here in 2020. And they're very, very competitive. They are some of our best platforms from just overall performance and capability standpoint. So we're bullish on our ability to turn that into revenue growth.

Yes. Ross, the way I look at it, and I mean, this was very, very similar to the ramp that we saw in PC business. The ramp in server is something like steady as she goes. And each quarter, we add platforms; each quarter, more platforms are qualified; each quarter, they ramp. It's a little bit different from a pure market phenomenon. And again, I mean, I understand that there are market phenomena, and then there are growth expectations based on platform launches as well as software being qualified and so on and so forth. So as it relates to our expectations, it's actually going quite well. As it relates to the acceleration of cloud, and we're pleased with it. We're not ready to upside numbers at this point. I think we want -- we already had very aggressive growth assumptions in what we went through. I think you'll see us a little bit less market-specific and a little bit more AMD specific as it relates to our customers and their qualification plans. So I think we are confident that our data center business is doing well, and we need to continue to demonstrate that over a number of quarters.

Yes. So we are expecting that the computing and graphics business will be down sequentially. So it's offsetting some of the growth on the EPYC and semi-custom side. Within the computing and graphics business, we see notebooks up strongly, as a result of the launch of our new Ryzen 4000 platforms and some of the other trends that we've talked about. We see desktop down sequentially, and we see graphics down sequentially. Q2 is normally a sequentially down quarter for the channel business for us. So that's not unusual. And we -- that's -- those are the dynamics in the second quarter. And as we go through the second half of the year, as I mentioned, we'll have to see how consumer spending holds up against the other demand environments.

Yes. So I think there are many that are already in progress. And that would be our -- sort of our typical view of how long it takes to ramp a customer from beginning of engagement to actual ramp, can it be anywhere from 6 to 9 months if that's a good number. As it relates to what we see with the, as you call it, shelter-in-place, look, we see pretty strong activity. I mean, the activity level continues to be high on both the cloud as well as the enterprise side.
The only place where perhaps we see a little bit of a slowdown is, as I said, on some of the transactional business, which we had plan to grow as we go through this year, and that might grow more slowly just as people aren't focused on new infrastructure right now. But in terms of cloud and large enterprise, there continues to be good activity on both current already one design platforms as well as new pipeline engagements.

I think, John -- go ahead. Go ahead, Devinder.

I think...

Sorry, we're -- Devinder and I are not in the same room. So the answer is yes, John. The impact of the sequential decline of 2 points is semi-custom. If you take semi-custom out, the rest of the portfolio would be -- what you would see in the rest of the portfolio is you would see server up and you would see desktop offset some of that. But the sequential decline is all semi-custom.

Yes. So we're looking at that new regulation. So I don't have any specifics at this point in time. We'll continue to look at that new regulation. As it relates overall, I would say, the majority of our business in China is consumer or, let's call it, consumer-related cloud.

Yes. I think it's -- I think I said earlier, but Mitch, it is certainly better. So we have better visibility a month into the quarter versus 90 days ago.

Yes. Mitch, it's a little bit hard for me to generalize. I would say, from what we see and we track both selling and consumption pretty closely, it looks like it's normal patterns. But we don't have exposure to some of the markets you're talking about.

Yes. So as it relates to first half, second half, I mean, as we said, there's -- the $8.4 billion plus or minus 5% is a wider than normal range for us. I think you can see outcomes within that range that would have computing and graphics up as well as you can see outcomes with it more flattish. So that being the case, so I think the trends that I talked about are likely the right trends, which is the consumer spending, perhaps a little softer, enterprise and commercial, a positive for us; notebook share gain, a positive for us; and we want to see how sort of the desktop channel behaves as we go into the second half of the year. And then your second question?

Yes. Look, I think from what we see, we see mostly platforms ramping. And so that's how we're thinking about the data center business. Of course, we're in this COVID-19 environment and so we'll have to actually play out the next couple of quarters. But within the ranges that we see, we see an opportunity to continue growing in the second half of the year, given the visibility that we have with customers, the platforms that are ramping. And I still feel very much like we're in the early stages of our 2nd Gen EPYC ramp. And I know it's been a couple of quarters, but that's just the way servers ramp. So we're in the early stages of the ramp, lots of customer activity, significant pull from the customers to get up and running as soon as possible. And as you said, we don't have as much exposure to some of the other end markets, which may have more volatility in the second half of the year.