Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. Our business performed extremely well in the third quarter as our leadership product portfolio and strong execution drove record quarterly revenue, operating income, net income and earnings per share. We delivered our fifth straight quarter of greater than 50% year-over-year revenue growth, with each of our businesses growing significantly year-over-year and data center sales more than doubling. Third quarter revenue grew 54% to $4.3 billion. Gross margin expanded by more than 4 percentage points and operating income doubled year-over-year. 
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Third quarter revenue increased 44% year-over-year to $2.4 billion, driven by our latest generation Ryzen, Radeon and AMD Instinct processors. In client computing, sales grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year and declined slightly sequentially. Ryzen 5000 processor shipments increased by a double-digit percentage sequentially, resulting in a richer product mix as we believe we gained revenue share for the sixth straight quarter. 
In desktops, we launched our Ryzen 5000 processors with integrated Radeon graphics for the channel to strong demand as third-party reviews highlighted the leadership computing and graphics capabilities and energy efficiency of these processors. In notebooks, Acer, Asus, HP and Lenovo, all expanded their mobile offerings powered by Ryzen 5000 mobile processors as we continue gaining momentum in the premium consumer, gaming and commercial markets. 
Commercial client growth year-over-year was based on new deployments across public sector and Fortune 1000 technology, energy and automotive customers as the number of AMD-based commercial notebook designs available from the largest OEMs increased significantly year-over-year. We're also seeing strong growth in the workstation market. According to IDC, Threadripper PRO processors now powered the best-selling workstations in their category in both North America and EMEA as we continue winning high-volume deployments across key verticals including media and entertainment, engineering, architecture and automotive. 
In Graphics, revenue more than doubled year-over-year and grew by a strong double-digit percentage sequentially, driven by shipments of our next-generation AMD CDNA 2 data center GPUs and demand for Radeon 6000 GPUs in the channel. AMD RDNA 2 GPU sales grew significantly in the quarter as we ramped production and expanded our top to bottom portfolio with the launch of the midrange Radeon RX 6600 XT cards that deliver leadership 1080p gaming performance at their price point. Data center graphics revenue more than doubled year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, led by shipments of our new AMD CDNA 2 GPUs for the Frontier exascale supercomputer at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. 
Frontier was architected specifically to deliver breakthrough HPC and AI compute performance and provide a blueprint for how supercomputing, enterprise and cloud customers can enable exascale-level performance over the coming years by combining AMD CPUs, GPUs and software. We are very pleased with the performance of our AMD CDNA 2 GPUs and look forward to providing more details on their leadership performance next month. 
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, revenue increased 69% year-over-year to $1.9 billion, driven by strong growth in EPYC processor and semi-custom sales. Semi-custom revenue grew sequentially and year-over-year as demand for the latest Microsoft and Sony consoles remains very strong. We expect semi-custom revenue to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter as we further ramp supply to address the ongoing game console demand. 
Turning to server. We delivered our sixth straight quarter of record server processor revenue as sales more than doubled year-over-year and grew by a significant double-digit percentage sequentially. Third-gen EPYC processors continue ramping faster than the prior generation and contributed the majority of our server CPU revenue in the quarter. 
In cloud, multiple hyperscalers expanded their third-gen epic processor deployments to power their internal workloads. And both Microsoft Azure and Google announced multiple new AMD-powered instances. Cloudflare, Vimeo and Netflix also all recently announced new deployments powered by EPYC processors, with Netflix highlighting how they doubled their streaming throughput per server while also reducing their TCO. 
Enterprise growth was particularly strong in the quarter as the more than 100 third-gen EPYC processor platforms from Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Supermicro, Cisco and others ramp into broader end customer deployments. We expanded our wins in the quarter with Fortune 1000 financial services, automotive and aerospace companies and see significant ongoing growth opportunities as our enterprise server pipeline has more than doubled year-over-year. 
In supercomputing, we won multiple installations in the quarter, highlighted by Argonne National Laboratory selecting third-gen EPYC processors to power the new Polaris supercomputer that will be used to test and optimize software in preparation for future exascale class systems. Overall, we are very pleased with the momentum we have built in our data center business as server CPU and GPU revenue grew to a mid-20s percent of overall revenue in the quarter. 
Turning to our Xilinx acquisition. We are making good progress towards securing the required regulatory approvals and remain on track to close by the end of the year. The Xilinx acquisition provides significant benefits to AMD, including expanding our product portfolio with leadership adaptive computing and AI solutions and further diversifying our customer base into complementary markets, including wired and wireless communications, industrial and automotive. 
In closing, our record third quarter results and the significant acceleration of our business in 2021 demonstrate that we have the right products and strategies to drive best-in-class growth and significant shareholder returns. We continue growing faster than the market, driven by our consistent execution and the investments we have made to build leadership products. Our supply chain team has executed extremely well in a challenging environment, delivering incremental supply throughout the year, supporting our strong revenue growth. We are also investing significantly to secure additional capacity to support our long-term growth. Our product portfolio and road maps have never been stronger, and I look forward to sharing more details about our next-generation server CPUs and GPUs at our Accelerated Data Center Premiere on November 8. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance. Devinder?

Yes. Sure, Blayne. Thanks for the question. So as it relates to the fourth quarter and where we are. Look, we're overall very pleased with our performance in terms of the second half of the year. It's playing out about what we expect it to be in the PC market. So as you're asking about computing and graphics. We had seen that the PC market and user demand is strong overall, but there are some matched set constraints in the PC market. And so for that reason, we've called the PC market really flattish. I would not have said down. I would have called it flattish as we look into the fourth quarter.
However, as we look overall at the business, I think the data center business has performed very well, and we see strong demand there, and we're continuing to see that. And as well, the console business, overall gaming is also quite strong. And so we see growth in servers and semi-custom as we go into the fourth quarter.
And then on the margin dynamics, Devinder, do you want to cover that?

Yes.

Sure. So thanks, Vivek, for the question. I think overall, we're feeling very, very good about the server business or the data center market. I think from a market standpoint, we've seen a strong market year in 2021 in both cloud and enterprise and we see that continuing into 2022. I think from a competitive position standpoint, I think Milan is extremely well positioned. So we were very pleased with sort of the adoption rate of Milan. We said that we expected it to grow faster than Rome, and it has. And so the crossover with Milan and Rome in the third quarter is an important metric for that.
Going into the fourth quarter, we continue to see a strong environment. And then as the competitive environment goes into 2022, we always expect the competition to be strong, but our focus has been consistent execution of our road map, and we feel very good about Zen 4 and Genoa in 2022. I think we feel very good about the competitive positioning there. And we continue to believe that data center is the most strategic part of our business, and we're making good progress with our customers and partners.

Yes. So Vivek, what I would say there is, our business has been more cloud weighted with the hyperscalers than enterprise, that continued here in the third quarter. I do believe that there is significant additional opportunity for us in the cloud. So as we work with these partners, it is about sort of expansion of workloads. Really, there's more tailoring of workloads as well as we go forward. And then there's also just more customers and broader penetration in both Tier 1 and Tier 2 cloud guys. So I think that's a good market for us.
On the enterprise side, I would say, we saw a very strong enterprise quarter here in the third quarter. I think the strength of Milan with our OEMs in terms of the breadth of the platforms, is very good, and we're seeing a good traction with sort of Fortune 1000 companies.
So I would say, overall, I think we see a growth trajectory for both our cloud and enterprise business. I think in the enterprise, the key thing has been to get more familiarity with EPYC, and we've made very good progress there. And so I feel very good about where that's going.

Sure, Matt. So again, what I would say is our data center business performed very well in the third quarter, that was across both cloud and enterprise.  And in cloud, that was across geographies. So we haven't seen anything particular as it relates to China or there. What I would say is we continue to work with the breadth of customers. And we're in the process of really rolling out sort of broader adoption across the customer set. So I think we saw a pretty normal environment for demand.

Sure, Matt. So look, we've been working diligently on the closure of the Xilinx acquisition. I would say we're through the vast majority of what we need to do in the regulatory front. We're finishing up here. And there's very good progress on the integration side. So we've done a lot on the integration. I think we're excited with the plans that we have. And then on the regulatory front, again, as I said in the prepared remarks, we've made good progress, and we believe we're on track to close at the end of the year.

Sure. So look, as you said, it's a little bit early to talk about quantitatively. I'll cite qualitatively, what we see is, look, we see a positive demand environment. And that's a market statement, but that's also an AMD statement, right? I think the strength of our product portfolio has multiple growth vectors. Data center continues to be a very important one for us. I think we're -- we continue to make progress in the graphics market, and we think graphics is a good growth vector. Our console business, we would expect would be -- I mentioned earlier that it'd be up in the fourth quarter, and we would expect it to be up in 2022, just given the strength of the demand environment there.
And so on the PC side, the comments I'll make on the PC side are -- the end user demand appears to be strong. So there's a good amount of refresh going on, whether you're talking about consumer and your high-end consumer or commercial or gaming. There are some supply constraints around matched sets that we believe will continue into the first half of the year. That being the case, what we're using from a planning assumption standpoint, is that the PC market may be flattish as we go from 2021 into 2022. But even within that environment, we think there are opportunities for us to continue to grow.
So overall, I think we're very focused on execution, very focused on working with our customers to make sure that we're aligned with what they need and overall feel very good about our product portfolio going into 2022.

Sure. So Stacy, on the data center GPU side, the third quarter was a larger quarter for the data center GPU. This is where we shipped the Frontier shipments that are now in the build cycle. It is still a relatively small business compared to the CPU side. So our expectation is that going into the fourth quarter, it's a lumpy business for us. So Q3 was a strong quarter given the shipments of -- for Frontier. We would expect, as we go into the fourth quarter, that it will be down sequentially quarter-on-quarter. But still, it's a strong growth year overall for a business that we think is a significant strategic growth driver for us over the next few years.

Devinder, you want to talk about that? Or...

I'm sorry, were you asking about revenue or margin, Stacy?

Okay. All right. Let me start and then let -- I want to make sure I answer your question. How's that? So look, on the revenue side, when we look at the sequential growth, we have been able -- look, the supply chain, this is about really supply chain optimization.
And we have been able to secure some additional supply, given some of the work that we've been doing. And we see strong demand across the board. But sequentially, what we're guiding to is stronger server demand as well as gaming, and gaming includes the semi-custom game consoles, as well as our graphics business is doing quite well as well.
And then in terms of the sequential margin, it's similar. I mean we're having servers, some improved mix and graphics driving upside. And that's partially offset by the consoles which are below corporate average. But net-net, I think it's a positive sequential both on revenue and margin.

Yes. Yes, it is.

Yes. Sure, Joe. Look, the graphics business did have a strong third quarter. I think that's true for graphics gaming as well as data center GPU. I think the portfolio that we have there with RDNA 2 has turned out really well. So we're pleased with how it's positioned competitively in the marketplace. And overall, gaming has been a secular trend that has continued with very strong demand.
In terms of crypto, our view is that it's really negligible revenue for us in the third quarter. It's not a segment that we have been servicing. We've tried very much to try to keep our gaming graphics focused on gamers. And we were able to increase some of the supply for graphics, and that's one of the reasons that we saw the sequential growth that we saw. And going into the fourth quarter next year, again, I think we see gaming overall as a strong segment for us, and the product set is very good. So we feel good about it.

Sure, Aaron. So again, if you look at the overall growth that we had in 2021, I would say it was actually quite balanced across all of our businesses. The semi-custom business was in the second year of ramp, and demand has exceeded supply. We've been able to ramp that as we've gone through the year. 
As we look into 2022, the historical view of game consoles has been year 4 is the peak, at least that's what it was in the last generation. What we expect in this generation is, again, very strong demand going into 2022. So we would expect it to grow into 2022, which would be the third year of the cycle, and then we'll see what happens after that. But overall, I think our view is we have a very balanced business with multiple growth drivers across data center, PCs, graphics as well as consoles.

Yes. So I mean we've been working on ramping the supply chain really for more than a year. If you think about sort of dynamics here. What I'd like to say is, overall, the demand has been very, very high. So the fact that we can grow revenue this year 65% year-on-year, I think, is a testament to the supply chain work. I think if we had more supply, we could certainly ship more. 
That being the case, I think we're prioritizing in the most strategic segments. And we have invested significantly in capacity for additional capabilities, and we'll see some of that come online as we go through 2022. And we're going to continue to be aggressive to secure additional capacity because we believe our product portfolio will enable that growth.

Yes. So maybe let me -- there's a lot of various aspects to that, John. So let me try to take it in pieces. As it relates to current supply, I want to make sure that we're clear. I mean we have brought on a tremendous amount of additional supply, and that's part of the reason that we overachieved the Q3 results and then we guided higher in Q4. So I do think that we have done a lot of work on our supply chain.
In the PC market, in particular, I think the market is not necessarily constrained on CPUs, but more constrained on matched sets. And so we're trying to ensure that we're not building inventory in the channel. And that's part of the optimization that we do is to ensure that as we ship sell-in processors that we see matched sets to sell through. And so from that standpoint, we think inventory is very healthy at the OEMs, and that's an important factor as we go into 2022.
As it relates to what happens with the pricing environment as supply eases up. I think, right now, what we see is a -- again, it's an environment where most people are prioritizing supply. As we go into 2022, though, I think this is all about the product. And what we view is -- our focus in sort of our product line has been moving up the stack, ensuring that we're providing significant value to our customers in terms of total cost of ownership on the server side and innovative features and capabilities on the PC side and the graphics side. And we're going to continue to do that.
I mean we're excited about our product portfolio into 2022. We're going to continue to be very aggressive on the overall road map. And with that, I think our game plan is exactly what it was, what it always has been, which is lean into the product cycle, and the deep customer relationships and continue to build that out over time.

Yes, Chris, I think it's a little bit early to talk about Q1. I mean I think -- let's see what would we say about seasonality. I don't have a lot to say other than typically, Q1 is down from Q4. That's typically what the pattern is, given the consumer-related businesses. It might be a little bit subseasonal as we go into this first quarter just given the demand environment, but we'll have to see how things play out over the next couple of months.

Yes. Chris, on that, we definitely view it as an opportunity, right? So I think what's happening in the data center market is that as the need for compute gets larger, sort of this tailoring of compute for the various workloads is an important trend. I think our IP portfolio today is very strong. I think it will even be stronger given some of the things that we have in plan to allow more tailoring. And we are working very closely with a number of hyperscalers on sort of the vision of compute over the next few years and how we might put together some different solutions between our CPU, GPU, interconnect capability and then with the addition of Xilinx as well coming into our portfolio. So lots of opportunity there for customization. I think that's a key trend that we're certainly going to lean into.

Yes. So again, what I would say is our market share is still, I would say, underrepresented, whether you're talking about the client sort of CPU or APU side or the GPU side. I think what we have seen here in the third quarter and then into the second half of the year is our graphics business has performed quite well. It is channel driven in the sense that there's still strong demand amongst gamers for GPUs.
As we go into 2022, though, I don't view sort of the PC market as a headwind for the company. I think as we look at all of these markets, of course, we do a bunch of scenario planning if the market is up or if it's down. I think there are many who think that the market may be up. 
There are some who think that market may be down. And that's why we're choosing to model sort of the base case is flattish. But even within that market, whether you're talking about client CPUs or -- client GPUs, we think we have opportunities to gain share and grow in that business, just given the strength of our product portfolio and the fact that we are sort of underrepresented to we think the -- sort of what we can expect given those products.

Sure, Tim. So yes, we continue to invest heavily in software, particularly on the data center GPU side. We -- with our next-generation GPU architecture, MI200, which we'll be talking a little bit about in the next few weeks, we have made significant investments in progress. Our focus has been on using sort of the Frontier beachhead with high-performance computing and expanding that into AI and working with our partners on that software development. So overall, continue to make good progress there. I think the Xilinx acquisition and bringing in sort of that software talent also provides opportunities to optimize across the overall portfolio in terms of just the software infrastructure that people want in an overall ecosystem. So very strategic area that we're making good progress in.

Yes. So I think, overall, our server trajectory has been very strong. I mean I think we're very pleased with the trajectory here in 2021. I think having a number of quarters where we're doubling the revenue year-on-year kind of speaks to the progress there. As we go into 2022, we still believe we are a share gainer in that environment just given the strength of our portfolio and let's call it, platforms that are still yet to launch across our customer set.
So we're continuing to play out the strategy of a data center being a place where our technology is very differentiated. And we think that's true in the third generation with EPYC, and we certainly are very focused on ensuring that the next generation with Zen 4 and Genoa are similarly well positioned in the marketplace.