Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. Our business performed exceptionally well in the second quarter as strong execution and growing customer preference for our high-performance products generated significant market and financial momentum. 
We saw a very strong demand across all of our businesses, which resulted in second quarter revenue growing 99% year-over-year to $3.85 billion. We expanded our gross margins by 4 percentage points, doubled operating margin and more than tripled profitability year-over-year. We also delivered record revenue for the fourth straight quarter and generated record free cash flow in the quarter.
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Second quarter revenue increased 65% year-over-year to $2.25 billion, driven by significant growth in both Ryzen and Radeon processor sales. In client computing, we had another record quarter of processor revenue. Both desktop and notebook revenue increased by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year, and we believe we gained revenue share for the fifth straight quarter. 
In desktop, robust demand for our highest-end Ryzen processors drove a richer mix in the quarter as Ryzen 9 processor unit shipments more than doubled year-over-year. In notebooks, unit shipments and ASP increased sequentially and year-over-year. We delivered our seventh straight quarter of record mobile CPU revenue, led by the steep ramp of our latest generation Ryzen 5000 mobile processors.
In the enterprise, Ryzen PRO mobile processor unit shipments nearly doubled year-over-year as we won multiple high-volume deployments in the quarter with Fortune 500 financial services, automotive and pharmaceutical companies.
In graphics, revenue doubled year-over-year, led by demand for Radeon 6000 series desktop graphics cards in the channel and adoption of our data center GPUs. RDNA 2 GPU shipments grew by double-digit percentage sequentially as the first notebooks powered by our Radeon RX 6000M Series GPUs launched, including the first AMD Advantage notebooks that combine high-performance Ryzen CPUs, Radeon GPUs and AMD software with premium design features to deliver best-in-class gaming experiences. ASUS, HP, MSI and Lenovo announced plans to bring AMD Advantage notebooks to market over the coming months as we further expand our presence in the gaming notebook market.
Data center graphics revenue more than doubled year-over-year, driven by new deployments of our AMD Instinct accelerators, including initial shipments of our next-generation data center GPUs featuring our CDNA 2 architecture. CDNA 2 represents a major step forward in our multiyear data center GPU strategy, delivering more than twice the performance of our current generation and significantly higher performance than competitive offerings in HPC workloads. We expect data center GPU revenue to grow in the second half of the year as we ramp production of our next-generation AMD Instinct accelerators and open-source ROCm software to support multiple leading-edge supercomputer wins including Frontier, LUMI and Pawsey.
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue increased 183% year-over-year to $1.6 billion, driven by strong growth in both semi-custom and EPYC processor sales. Semi-custom revenue grew sequentially and year-over-year, and we expect game console demand to remain strong throughout the year. We announced a new semi-custom win earlier this month as Valve chose AMD to power their Steam Deck handheld game console planned to launch this December.
In embedded, we are making good progress expanding our presence across key verticals, including automotive, networking and storage. We ramped production shipments in the quarter of AMD Ryzen embedded CPUs and Radeon RDNA 2 GPUs to power the in-dash infotainment systems in Tesla's latest Model S and Model X vehicles.
Now turning to server. We delivered our fifth straight quarter of record server processor revenue. Sales grew by a significant double-digit percentage sequentially, driven by higher unit shipments and ASP. We are seeing very strong demand across our full server portfolio with second-gen EPYC processor revenue growing sequentially and third-gen EPYC processor sales more than doubling quarter-over-quarter. Third-gen EPYC processor revenue is ramping faster than the prior generation as customers and multiple third-party reviewers recognize the absolute performance and price performance leadership of our latest server processors.
Cloud demand further accelerated in the quarter, led by growing internal workload adoption and nearly 50 new AMD-powered instances by AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google, Tencent and Alibaba. Google announced it chose AMD EPYC processors to exclusively power the first offering in its new Tau VM family that delivers industry-leading performance and value for scale-out workloads versus other competitive x86 and ARM offerings.
In enterprise, we see demand accelerating as more than 100 third-gen EPYC processor platforms are now in production from Dell, HPE, Lenovo, Supermicro, Cisco and others. In addition, we are seeing a rapid expansion in the number of AMD-powered solutions and appliances from our OEM and ecosystem partners targeting hyper-converged and virtual desktop infrastructures as well as workloads demanding the highest per core performance such as EDA and computational fluid dynamics.
We secured multiple HPC wins in the quarter, including newly announced deployments by the National Supercomputing Centre in Singapore and the French Atomic Energy Commission. Our substantial momentum in HPC was highlighted by the fact that the number of AMD-based systems on the latest top 500 list of the world's fastest supercomputers increased by almost 5x in the last year and that EPYC processors power half of the 58 newly listed systems.
Looking at our overall data center business. Revenue nearly doubled year-over-year and increased sequentially from a high-teens percentage of overall revenue in the first quarter to greater than 20% in the second quarter. We expect data center revenue to continue growing faster than overall revenue based on the strength of our EPYC processors and Instinct accelerators and the significantly expanded engagements we have built with the leading OEMs and largest MDCs.
Turning to our Xilinx acquisition. We passed additional milestones in the quarter and received unconditional regulatory approvals in multiple jurisdictions, including in the EU and the United Kingdom. We remain on track to close this strategic transaction by the end of the year and are excited about the opportunities ahead.
In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our execution as our business accelerated considerably in the first half of the year. Based on growing customer preference for our products and strong supply chain execution, we now expect annual revenue to grow by approximately 60% year-over-year, up from approximately 37% growth we guided at the beginning of the year.
Our engineering teams are aggressively driving our product and technology road maps to continue setting the pace of innovation for high-performance computing. We remain on track to launch next-generation products in 2022, including our Zen 4 processors built with industry-leading 5-nanometer process technology and our RDNA 3 GPUs.
We also recently demonstrated the next major advance in our triplet strategy with our differentiated 3D die stacking technology that enables significantly denser and more efficient connections between stacked chips. Based on the strength of our long-term road map and the deep partnerships we have established, we expect to continue growing significantly faster than the market.
In summary, we are making great progress towards our ambitious goal of establishing AMD as a high-performance computing leader and a best-in-class growth franchise.
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our second quarter financial performance. Devinder?

Sure. Well, thanks for the question. I think it's fair to say that the semiconductor demand environment and particularly the AMD demand environment has been very strong in 2021. We've been working on supply for the past couple of quarters. I think I'm actually quite pleased with the progress that we've made in terms of increasing our supply. And what I've said previously is, certainly, we do see some level of constraints, but we are making progress each quarter. And we made progress in the second quarter that enabled us to exceed the original guidance. And as we go into the second half of the year, we're continuing to bring on extra supply each quarter, which is leading to the full year guidance raise that we have.
So I think overall, we continue to make progress. I will say that it's tight, like you've heard from many other companies, through the end of this year. I think it improves in 2022. We've been planning for significant growth. Our model is one where we're going to drive significant growth. So we've been planning with that with our supply chain partners. And we do have confidence that we can continue to grow substantially as we go into the second half of this year and into 2022 with the supply chain.

Sure. Okay. Quite a few questions there. So let me try to work through them. So in terms of the makeup of our data center business, I mean our server business was very strong. I think the product capability and sort of just -- sort of the performance and the total cost of ownership for Milan has proven out very well with our customers. So we're very happy with that launch.
In the second quarter, we did see significant growth with Milan. And that being the case, Rome was still a larger portion of the revenue. And I would say in the second quarter, it was more cloud-weighted. So we saw cloud tends to ramp faster on new generation, and that was the case in the second quarter. So cloud grew faster than enterprise.
As we go into the second half of the year, we expect that Milan will ramp very quickly and cross over -- third gen will cross over second-generation in the third quarter. And what we're seeing actually is continued strength across cloud and HPC, which have been traditionally strong for AMD. But we're actually seeing very good momentum in enterprise. And I think with the breadth of the platforms that we have out there and just the coverage and then sort of the per core performance as well as the overall socket level performance, we're getting a very strong traction, and we're pleased to see that. 
So I think as we go into the second half of the year, I think enterprise will be a stronger component for us than it was in the first half of the year, and that's the balance that we want. But overall, we're pleased with that.
And then in terms of your question about server was -- I'm sorry, data center was greater than 20% of our revenue in the second quarter. We believe that the data center business will continue to be a strong driver for us into the second half of the year. And so it will be a larger percentage of our overall revenue in the second half of the year.

Aaron, I was just going to add to that. I think the most important thing to think about as you think about our business going forward is it really is about the mix of business. So as data center becomes a higher percentage of our business, that's a favorable mix for us. And then within the segments as well, as we look at where we're strategically focusing as we really mix to the higher end of the portfolio, those are the key things that we're looking at from a margin standpoint. But there are always puts and takes in the business. It's just really about the mix.

Yes. So as we think about sort of the trajectory of the business, it is about offering more performance per socket, and that is what we're doing. So I think Milan is certainly a performance uplift relative to Rome. It does lend itself to a higher ASP or a higher mix of the business. 
And then clearly, as we go to Genoa, we're going to continue that trajectory. So I think -- and then within server, there's also a mix between cloud and enterprise. As I said earlier, we're quite cloud weighted here in the first half of the year. And as we go to a stronger percentage of enterprise, that would also be a favorable mix in the service side of the business.

Yes. Vivek, thanks for the question. Well, as you know very well, we're very focused on sort of multiquarter, multiyear progress in the server and the data center business. I think we're excited with the momentum around our server business. I think the product road map is very strong. I think the execution has been very strong. 
I think customers also, with the third generation in Milan, felt much more comfortable to go more broadly with Milan just because this was sort of the third time, right? They had -- many of our customers were on Rome already. But with Milan, it was sort of socket compatible, and so there was -- it was a faster time to ramp, and we're seeing it ramp faster. So we feel good about where we're positioned. 
I mean it's a very competitive market out there, Vivek. I'll always say that. We expect our competition to be really good, and we need to be better than that. And so our team is very focused on execution, and we're excited about Genoa. I think our customers are excited about Genoa. And so we need to keep the momentum and keep the road map execution as strong as it has been.

Sure, Matt. Maybe I'll start and then see if Devinder has anything to add. I think we've always been very thoughtful about how we both invest in the business as well as delivering operating leverage. And look, I think our revenue growth has been very strong. It was certainly above what we had previously forecasted. We are taking the opportunity to invest in the business, and that's investing in R&D and investing in sales and marketing and really the overall capabilities there. But you do see the operating leverage in the business. And I think we intend to continue to deliver improved operating margins as we go forward. 
So I think we can do it -- do all of those things. I think we can continue to grow revenue significantly above the industry. We will continue to invest in OpEx at a lower rate than the revenue growth. And we will continue to deliver operating margin improvement over time.

Yes. Sure, Matt. So look, there are lots of different signals in the PC market. So maybe I will make a few comments. I think it's fair to say that the end-user demand has been very strong. So very strong in the first half of the year, very strong in the second half of last year. And that's from all this work from home, school from home, sort of, and then some of this return-to-office trends. Within that, there is a little bit of a mix shift as you go through time. 
When I look at the market, I would say that we've performed very well. Within this market backdrop, we continue to gain revenue share. And what that means is we're focusing on the most strategic segments of the PC market. As we go forward, I do agree that end-user demand is strong. I also believe that if you look at the second half of this year for the PC market, you'll hear about sort of pockets of component shortages or match sets and things like that. So we're taking that into account as we think about the second half of the year. 
From our perspective, we're planning the PC -- our PC business to be about flattish first half into second half. And again, we think that that's very well supported by all of the ordering patterns and all of our sort of look at what the PC OEMs are doing. From an inventory standpoint, we do not believe there is significant inventory. We do track it very closely, of AMD product anyways. We look at it at the retailers as well as at -- with our OEMs. 
So I think we have this very -- we're watching it very closely and recognize that the PC market may go up or down. We're expecting it to be -- like I said, for our business roughly flattish first half into second half. And that being the case, we continue to believe that there is strong end user demand and there's just some supply matching that needs to happen in the marketplace.

Yes. We outgrew the segment in the second quarter.

Yes. Thanks for that, John. Look, I think the market has always been competitive. I don't see that it has become more competitive or that's changed. As you said, pricing is not the first order variable when you're buying a server CPU. It really is about total cost of ownership. I think the performance leadership that we have is clearly there, and I think customers see that. So we'll always fight for every socket. I mean you know that we're very competitive in that fashion. But we think that the way to do that is with the strength of the road map and the strength of the deep partnerships. And price is sort of a second order lever in this market.

Yes, sure. Harlan, thanks for the question. Yes. Look, we believe the telco segment is a very good segment for us. And I would say that there is a lot of interest. I wouldn't say it's a significant piece of revenue today. So I view that as sort of opportunity as we continue to build out the solutions for Milan. But it is one of the areas that we believe is very strategic for AMD. 
And as Xilinx comes into -- so as we combine the Xilinx business with ours, I think their relationships as well in the communications and telco market will be helpful in just bringing the overall solution set together. So yes, we think it's a good market for us, but I would say we're still very early on that particular cycle.

Yes, Harlan. So we have seen a very strong pipeline. And that started with Rome, but we see that expanding with Milan. I think if you look at the breadth of platform offerings from all the largest OEMs for Milan, it's just broader than our past generation. And I think people are also starting to come up with more appliances, and we've done quite a bit more ISV optimization as well. So our visibility is very good into the second half of the year, and it's also very good into 2022. 
I think the good piece about this, as you said, it is longer design cycles. But with large companies and certainly with some of the Tier 2 cloud guys, we've seen good strong visibility for multiple quarters. And then as we think about sort of the small, medium business and more of the channel business, I think all of that is a strong opportunity for us.

Sure, Joe. So the console business, we're quite early in the console cycle, and I think you've seen that there's very strong demand for those products. And so I think the seasonality is not typical. So typically, we see the second half stronger than the first half, and that is sort of more muted this year. So there is some growth into the second half of the year, but it's not nearly what it is in a typical console seasonality.

Yes, sure, Stacy. So look, I think -- I mean there are lots of different signals in the PC market for 2022. So I think what we're doing is taking, let's call it -- we're planning for various different scenarios. But I would say that from our point of view, the overall answer to your question is yes. I mean we believe that there is a -- we have strong growth momentum across the portfolio. And we believe that we will -- we can grow in the PC business as well even if the market is, let's call it, not as robust as some might forecast. 
Our view is that we're still underrepresented across the board in the markets that we play in, whether you're talking about data center or PCs or gaming. And on the PC side, in particular, we're making very good progress in sort of commercial, premium gaming notebooks, premium consumer. We have more platforms coming with our Ryzen 5000 and our next generation. So I think our sort of outlook is less dependent on what exactly happens in the market. But obviously, we watch the market very closely, and we work with our OEM partners very closely to stay in tune with what they're seeing.

Yes, sure, Blayne. So to your question about the quarter, the second quarter, we do not believe there was a significant crypto component in our graphics revenue. I mean the graphics revenue, as we see it, is really RDNA 2 ramping. We launched some new products in mobile. And we're pleased with the reception of RDNA 2 in mobile as well as we started shipments of some of our data center GPUs. So our view is that the crypto-based component is really negligible. 
And then as we go into the second half of the year, I wouldn't say graphics is the largest driver of our business. The driver really is around data center, and that's data center across CPUs as well as some of the early ramp of the GPUs. But we do expect there continues to be strong demand for gaming graphics. And we know there are a lot of gamers out there who are still looking to get some of their cards, and so we will support that demand. But I don't think crypto was a big piece of it, and we'll continue to focus our efforts on getting our gaming graphics over into the gamers' hands.

Yes. So I mean we'll see some growth in the second half of the year off of a small base. I think it becomes a more meaningful driver as we go into next year and then certainly the following year. So think about the data center GPU story as sort of the early innings of what we did on the CPU side. We're excited about the product, Blayne. I think it's a very exciting product with our next-generation CDNA 2. I think we have won some early wins with HPC. We're continuing to work with some cloud customers, the machine learning and AI aspects of it. But it's really a multiyear journey, and the larger driver of our data center business is the server CPU side.

Sure. So Mark, the way I would say it is this, and again, I want to be a little bit sort of broad in how I answer the question. I think what you see in the server land is that there are lots of different use cases for the processors. And you have some that are looking for sort of the bleeding-edge performance. And there, the multi-threading is very, very useful. And you get better performance per watt, performance per dollar and just overall socket-level performance. 
I think what we've seen is that as you look across use cases, there are some use cases where you're more focused on performance per dollar than overall performance. And you might choose to optimize sort of what you do, sort of how you configure the processor differently. I think what you'll see from us, Mark, is we're spending a lot of time with our hyperscale partners. And what we want to do is offer them the type of incidence that they need and that their customers need. 
So you'll see us do more customization across the board with the idea of we want to satisfy that range of performance that -- across sort of the entire range of use cases. So I think we'll talk more about how we think about the road map as we go forward. But I will say that we're being very thoughtful in ensuring that we have the right product for the right workload and that it's optimized for performance and power and cost in all those areas.