Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. For the last several years, we have been on a journey to both scale and transform AMD. We have consistently executed our strategy, expanded our portfolio of leadership products and diversified our business all while driving best-in-class growth. We reached a significant inflection point in our journey during the first few months of 2022 as we took several major steps that fundamentally reshaped our business.
In addition to delivering record financial results, we closed our strategic acquisition of Xilinx and announced our plans to acquire Pensando. The strategic importance of the Xilinx acquisition to our long-term goals cannot be overstated. As the industry's #1 provider of FPGA and adaptive computing solutions, Xilinx significantly expands our technology and product portfolio. Xilinx also adds multiple high-margin long-term revenue streams, spanning a new set of markets and customers, further strengthening and diversifying our business model. Importantly, Xilinx has successfully executed its own growth strategy in recent years with the increased adoption of adaptive silicon across data center, communications, automotive and other large embedded markets. 
With Pensando, we will further expand our data center solutions capabilities. Pensando will add a proven team that has developed an industry-leading DPU and software stack already deployed with key customers, including IBM, HPE, Microsoft, Oracle and Goldman Sachs. Pensando's differentiated technology further expands our product portfolio and will enable AMD to innovate at the silicon, software and platform levels to deliver leadership solutions for our cloud, enterprise and edge customers. 
Now turning to our first quarter financial performance. We started the year very strong with record quarterly revenue and net income. First quarter revenue, including the contributions from 6 weeks of Xilinx, grew 71% year-over-year to a record $5.9 billion. We expanded gross margin 7 percentage points to 53% and more than doubled both operating and net income year-over-year. Excluding Xilinx, revenue grew 55% year-over-year to a record $5.3 billion, gross margin expanded 5 percentage points to 51%, and operating income more than doubled to a record $1.6 billion. 
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Revenue increased 33% year-over-year to $2.8 billion, driven primarily by the ramp of our latest Ryzen and Radeon products. Client Compute revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year based on higher Ryzen mobile and desktop processor sales. As a result, we believe we gained client processor revenue share for the eighth straight quarter. In desktop, we expanded our processor portfolio with the introduction of 7 new Ryzen CPUs, including the Ryzen 5800 X3D CPU, which is the industry's fastest gaming CPU and first desktop processor featuring 3D stack chiplets. 
In notebooks, record mobile processor revenue was driven by the launch of our Rembrandt Ryzen 6000 mobile processors that extend the leadership compute, gaming and battery life capabilities of our mobile processors. 
In commercial, we recently introduced our latest Ryzen 6000 Pro processors with leadership performance and battery life and modern security and manageability features. We are well positioned to accelerate our growth in commercial notebooks in 2022 based on the expanded number of design wins on track to launch. 
Although the PC market is experiencing some softness coming off multiple quarters of near-record unit shipments, our focus remains on the premium, gaming and commercial portions of the market where we see strong growth opportunities, and we expect to continue gaining overall client revenue share. 
In Graphics, revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year with record desktop graphics channel sales. Desktop GPU sales nearly doubled year-over-year as sales of our Radeon 6000 Series graphics cards were strong. In mobile, the first notebooks featuring our latest Radeon 6000 mobile GPUs launched in the quarter, and we expect sales to ramp over the coming quarters. Data center graphics revenue was flat year-over-year as we launched our Instinct MI210 accelerators. We expanded our engagements with large cloud customers in the quarter and launched our ROCm 5 software suite targeting exascale-class HPC and AI applications.
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue increased 88% year-over-year to $2.5 billion, driven by record server semi-custom and embedded processor sales. Semi-Custom sales grew by a significant double-digit percentage year-over-year based on strong demand for Sony and Microsoft consoles as well as Valve's new Steam deck. Sales for this game console generation continued to outpace all prior generations, and we expect 2022 to be a record year for our Semi-Custom business. 
Turning to our Embedded business. Revenue more than doubled year-over-year, led by growth in automotive. We also secured multiple design wins in next-generation security and firewall devices from Tier 1 networking providers. 
Turning to Server. We had another record quarter as revenue more than doubled year-over-year and increased by a double-digit percentage sequentially. We have more than doubled server processor revenue year-over-year in 8 of the last 10 quarters, highlighting the growing demand for our EPYC processors with cloud, enterprise and HPC customers. 
Cloud revenue more than doubled year-over-year as hyperscalers expanded their internal infrastructure deployments, and 70 new AMD-powered instances launched from Alibaba, Amazon, Baidu Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Google and others. There are now more than 460 AMD-based cloud instances available from the largest hyperscalers, with additional instances on track to launch in the coming quarters. 
In Enterprise, revenue more than doubled year-over-year with strong growth in key verticals, including IT infrastructure, financial services and database applications. Our sales pipeline continues to be very strong, and we saw our win rate grow in the first quarter across a broad set of Enterprise end customers. We launched our first EPYC processors with 3D-stacked chiplets in the quarter. This technology extends our performance leadership in technical computing workloads by up to 66% compared to our prior generation. Atos, Cisco, Dell, HPE, Lenovo and Supermicro all launched servers featuring the new CPUs in the quarter. 
Excitement for our next-generation Genoa server processors continues to grow as we expanded customer and partnering sampling in the quarter. We expect Genoa will be the industry's highest-performance general-purpose server CPU, further extending the performance, energy efficiency and TCO advantages of our EPYC processors. We remain on track to launch Genoa in the second half of the year and expect to continue our share gain trajectory based on expanded cloud, enterprise and HPC customer adoption. In addition, development of our higher core count Bergamo processors optimized for high throughput cloud workloads continues to progress well, with shipments on track to begin in the first half of 2023. 
Turning to the Xilinx business. For the 6 weeks following acquisition close, Xilinx revenue was $559 million. On a pro forma basis for the full quarter, Xilinx delivered its fourth straight quarter of greater than 20% year-over-year revenue growth and the second straight quarter of greater than $1 billion of revenue. In data center, first quarter demand was led by expanded FPGA-as-a-Service and SmartNIC deployments at Tier 1 hyperscalers as well as low latency networking solutions with fintech companies. 
We saw strength in communications led by wired demand and access and optical transport. In wireless, Versal-based 5G deployments continue ramping in multiple regions, and we secured a strategic design win with a Tier 1 communications equipment provider to power their next-gen baseband solutions with a Versal ACAP solution. We saw strong demand across the Xilinx embedded markets, led by record pro forma full quarter revenue in automotive, industrial, vision and health care and consumer. Looking forward, we see very strong demand across all of the Xilinx end markets and are focused on increasing supply. 
Turning to our integration work. In the first few months since close, we have seen tremendous excitement from our customers, partners and employees, and we expect to see significant product and revenue synergies. We now have the best portfolio of high-performance and adaptive computing engines in the industry, and we see multiple opportunities to leverage our expanded technology portfolio to deliver even stronger products. 
As 1 example, we're integrating Xilinx' differentiated AI engine across our CPU product portfolio to enable industry-leading inference capabilities with the first products expected in 2023. We have also identified significant additional revenue synergy opportunities with some of our largest customers as we can now address a larger portion of their compute needs with our expanded product portfolio. 
In summary, the start of 2022 is a significant inflection point for AMD, marked by record top and bottom line financial results, driven by our leadership product portfolio and strong execution and the close of our Xilinx acquisition. We have now delivered greater than 45% year-over-year revenue growth for 7 straight quarters and increased net income by more than 60% year-over-year for the last 10 quarters. Based on higher AMD organic growth as well as the addition of Xilinx with strong demand across multiple end markets, we now expect annual revenue to grow by approximately 60% year-over-year, up from approximately 31% growth we guided at the beginning of the year. 
Longer term, I'm incredibly excited about our additional growth opportunities as we add the Xilinx and Pensando teams. We now see a significantly larger TAM opportunity for AMD across a diverse set of end markets based on our broader portfolio of leadership compute engines and expanded solutions capabilities. I look forward to sharing more about the products and technologies that will enable the next stage of our growth journey at Financial Analyst Day in June. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our first quarter financial performance. Devinder?

Yes, absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question. So we did have a very strong first quarter. There is a lot going on, without a doubt, in the business. I would say, if you look at the strength in our business in the first quarter, it was really broad-based. So very, very strong Server results. We continue to gain share. We continue to bring more supply online there. 
Also very strong results in our Semi-Custom or game console business as well as in the Client and Graphics businesses. There is some softness in the PC market. But we had, for the last number of quarters, actually been shifting our mix to the higher end or the more premium segments of the PC market, and so that's where more of our exposure is. And we actually saw significant growth in our PC business sequentially as we started ramping our Ryzen 6000 notebooks. And that resulted in strong ASP growth as well as just our key market segments of premium, commercial and gaming being covered there. 
As we go forward, obviously, all of the things that you talked about are in play. That being the case, I think we've managed through the supply situations very well. We continue to work with our customers and ensure that we're optimizing our builds to their builds. And with the addition of Xilinx, we also have another set of end markets that have very strong demand that are all additive to our business.

Yes. So lots of questions in there, Matt, so let me try to go through them. So first on the full year 2022 guide, it is a significant increase in guidance, up 60%. There are a couple of pieces to that. On the organic side of the AMD business, we originally guided up 31% based on what we saw in the market in January. As we look at the market now and our own sort of customer and supply situation, we see that organic growth higher, into the mid-30s. That's primarily driven by very strong demand in our Server business, very strong demand in our Console or Semi-Custom business, additional supply coming online. 
We have taken a bit more of a conservative perspective on the PC market. Again, I think the softness is in certain parts of the market. It's not in all parts of the market. And our focus is on where we add the most value in the market and that is in the premium segments. 
In terms of the Xilinx piece of it, the full year addition of -- 3.5 quarters of Xilinx is a significant add. On a pro forma basis, the Xilinx business is also growing very well, and it's growing sort of like in the low 20s, if you consider full year compared to calendar year 2021. So overall, I think we have a lot -- a broad-based set of growth drivers and multiple levers for growth as we go through the year. And we continue to work on working with our customers on where the demand is and ensuring that we're satisfying that demand.

Sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So on the supply environment, we've been working on this really for the last 18 months. We've made a lot of progress on both the wafer side and significant investments on the substrates. I would say that we continue to get sort of very good support from our suppliers. That's one of the reasons we can increase our guidance the way it is. 
From an overall -- you mentioned the China COVID situation. From our standpoint, we haven't had any significant impact on our own shipments in our own supply chain. We have been working with some customers that have had some customer build delays and that is contemplated in our second quarter guidance. We're going to continue to work on supply optimization with the addition of Xilinx, some of the, let's call it, more mature nodes. 16-nanometer and above wafer supply is still somewhat constrained. We're working with sort of the larger scale of AMD to try to bring more supply on board there as well as continuing to ramp our overall capacity to support a very strong sort of next few quarters. Hopefully, that answered your supply questions.

Right, okay. So again, a few pieces to that. Let me try to give you some color and then maybe Victor will add on the FPGA side. So in terms of -- yes, we are going to change our segment reporting, as Devinder said, as of the second quarter to be -- to give you -- to more alignment to the markets. In terms of this quarter for the pieces that you mentioned, on higher revenue, the data center for those pieces was, let's call it, low 20s percentage of our overall revenue.
And then in terms of the longer-term data center picture, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity in data center. When you look at the pieces we have now, I mean, the CPU franchise is very strong, continuing to get stronger. We're excited with how Genoa looks and how Bergamo looks and sort of the engagements with customers there. We're excited about the GPU portfolio as well. GPUs for us are a longer-term sort of road map, similar to what we did on the CPU side. We had been more focused on, let's call it, supercomputing and HPC, so that was strong for us last year and that's why we're flattish year-on-year. We're very engaged on the AI front now, continuing our investments in our software stack and working with cloud guys to optimize our software stack. 
And then moving on to FPGAs and then also our adaptive SoCs and then the Pensando acquisition. I think what we now have is just an incredibly strong portfolio when we're dealing with whether you're talking about the largest cloud hyperscalers or you're talking about enterprise. And then with Pensando and Xilinx, it also gives us exposure to the edge as well. And so between -- we have all the compute engines and are able to optimize that. So I think you should expect to hear a lot more from us in the data center, certainly is -- at our Financial Analyst Day but really strong opportunities there. Maybe Victor, you want to add on some...

Yes, absolutely, Vivek. So the way to think about it is the data center market and particularly in servers, people are getting much more optimized for workloads, and so there are different flavors. And we see that even in Milan today with Milan and our Milan-X, X3D -- the X3D we introduced. And so I think it's natural for these solutions to sit side by side. I think as you go into Genoa, the next-generation platform, we would expect, again, the adoption -- there's a lot of excitement on Genoa and there's a lot of customer demand for Genoa. I do expect that Genoa will sit, again, side-by-side with Milan for quite some time because you're not going to move the infrastructure instantaneously over. 
And then when you think about Bergamo, which is the cloud-optimized, I think that will be more specific for specific large hyperscalers who have the need for, let's call it, a more performance per dollar and performance per watt solution. So the way to think about this, Vivek, is as our business has grown, we can invest more broadly and that will give us just a more optimized solution for our customers' TAMs.

Sure. So Vivek, when we kind of started the year, we were thinking that the PC TAM could be flat to, let's call it, down -- let's call it, low mid-single digits. I think given sort of how we've started this year and then some of the other things in the market, we're taking a more conservative approach to the PC TAM. So for our modeling for the full year guidance, we're modeling something like down high single digits.
Now a lot of things can happen between now and then, so I would say that I think that's a good place for us to model. Within that, we've always been very focused on where we can add the most value and the premium segments, Ryzen 6000, our Rembrandt product, is extremely well positioned from a battery life or performance standpoint. We have a number of commercial, very good systems that are in the process of being launched. I think we're excited about that. 
To your question about commercial share, we're still underrepresented in the commercial market, and we know that and that's a focus area for us. I think overall, from a market share standpoint, we believe we're focused in the right segments. And so even under the backdrop of, let's call it, a softer PC market, that we will -- we can continue to expect to gain revenue share in the process. And that's sort of our overall strategy. 
But I think the other piece of it is we have so many levers in the business now as we go forward. I think the strength in the business is really looking at the overall data center portfolio, the PC portfolio, the gaming portfolio and the Xilinx portfolio together, there are lots of levers for growth. And as we go through this year, we see that being very helpful.

Yes. So Stacy, I think the data center business, particularly the Server CPU business, continues to be very strong for us. I'm not going to proclaim a certain, will it double every quarter. I will say that we expect to grow very strongly over the next few quarters. And we are continuing to bring on additional supply to do that. The demand is there. And it really is about continuing to work with our customers on that. But I think our confidence level in data center growth is very high.

Yes, Stacy. We are expecting that we will grow client revenues on a year-over-year basis in that time environment. And we continue to mix shift to, let's call it, the more premium segments and so it's a revenue share statement.

Yes, that is true. But our expectation, though is, again, we have a number of growth drivers in the business. But in terms of what has allowed us to increase the full year guide from an organic standpoint, it is a strong visibility in Server, strong visibility on the Console side, strong visibility just from an overall supply and demand perspective.

Yes. So Aaron, obviously, it depends on the mix between cloud and enterprise. But in general, as we offer more value, let's call it, more performance, more capability, we would expect our ASPs to mix up. And in any given quarter, it's more of a what is the cloud versus enterprise mix. But look, I'm very pleased with the fact that we're growing both cloud and enterprise very substantially. So I think that tells you that we're growing across the entire Server market. And we're going to continue to, let's call it, optimize products so that, one, our customers get more capability and we get more value for our technology.

Yes. Aaron, the way to think about that is, so both the Xilinx portfolio and sort of the organic AMD portfolio do use TSMC, so we are complementary there as our primary wafer supplier. We use very similar substrate suppliers as well. The Xilinx portfolio tends to be on more mature nodes. Although there is some 7-nanometer. The majority of the portfolio is on 16-nanometer and above. So I would say there's not that much fungibility there. 
However, on the back end, on the substrate side, there is very good fungibility across the portfolio. And from the standpoint of overall supply, I think you've heard it from Devinder. I mean, we have invested significantly over the last 18 months in sort of securing the supply and capacity and we're seeing it come online. And that's, again, what I'd like to do is, as you see it come online, that's when it will go into our revenue forecast. 
But I feel very good about the progress that we're making. And we're continuing to dimension the company for just a much larger business. And so it's a lot of supply that we're bringing online. We're working very much with Victor and his team as well because he has a strong backlog and strong demand, and we're looking to use all of the AMD assets to also accelerate some of his builds.

Yes. So Harlan, thanks. So we've made great progress on the cloud side, so we have strong adoption on internal as well as external-facing workloads. We've also made strong progress on the Enterprise. I mean, as you said, all major OEMs have EPYC throughout the portfolio. And in this past quarter and in general, we've grown the Enterprise business about at the same pace as a cloud business. We're still cloud-weighted but I believe that it's going to be fairly balanced growth across both portfolios.

Yes. Sure, Mark. So I think the answer is yes, and maybe I'll generalize it a bit more. We're a big believer. I mean, the whole strategy behind AMD is to have the best sort of compute engines and then put them together in -- sort of in solutions for specific end markets. So I think our CPUs, GPUs, the FPGAs, the adaptive SoCs and then the DPU that we're adding from Pensando give us just a tremendous range of capability.
So to your specific question in sort of comms infrastructure, I definitely think there's a strong opportunity there. As Victor mentioned, we've been to a number of our joint large customers, and there is absolute interest in trying to put these solutions together. And more broadly, though, I think what we see in terms of growth going forward, there will be more customization around solutions for large -- for these large customers, whether it's cloud customers or large telcos or even some edge opportunities. And having these compute engines will allow us to basically optimize those solutions together. So we look forward to telling you sort of a lot more about sort of how we're thinking about these road maps as we go into our Financial Analyst Day in June.

Yes, Mark. So the software is very, very important. And software across all of those engines is important, and Xilinx comes with a very strong software stack. We have our own software stack. You'll see us unify that, and that will be an important part of our road map going forward. And to your open source point, we do believe in open source. We think collaboration is an important part of the ecosystem as well. So all of those are things that we are working on to provide more complete solutions for our customers.

Yes, sure, Ross. Thanks for the question. So for the second quarter, in particular, the second quarter guide is driven by sort of one is the full quarter of the Xilinx business and strength in our Server business primarily as we see the second quarter. There are other puts and takes, I would call them, on the smaller side of that. If you recall, I mean, if you think about whether you talk about the PC business or the gaming business, they tend to be more second half weighted. So the second quarter doesn't tend to be a strong quarter for those businesses, and so that's not the driver of the sequential increase.

I'm not sure that I see a "plateau", Ross, so I wouldn't say that. What I would say, though, is if I give you sort of the puts and takes of the second half of the year, the -- again, we expect that the Server business will continue to grow. As we said, good visibility there. We expect the Console business to grow in the second half versus the first half also, that's typical seasonality.
Typical seasonality in PCs would also have the second half higher than the first half. I think we're modeling for a little bit sub-seasonal, just given sort of all the puts and takes in the market there. And then we expect the Xilinx business to also grow in the second half as more supply comes online, given the strong demand. So if you see all those pieces, I don't think there's a plateau. I think it's a continued improvement as we see one, strong demand and also more supply coming online in the second half of the year.

No one ever apologizes to me, so that's really nice, Ross.

Yes. Sure, Tim. So without going into the exact numbers, I would say the Semi-Custom business is a strong growth driver. We have -- we work with these customers very closely. We have good views of where they think the demand is. We're still in a place, if you were to look into the retail channel, you would say that the demand is underserved today in the Semi-Custom business. And their real build is towards holidays. So the answer is we do believe that Semi-Custom will be at a record for us this year. 
We have more content. We also have the Valve Steam Deck that also has gotten very strong reviews and is ramping as we go into the second half of the year. And then on 2023, I do believe that 2023 will be another strong year for Semi-Custom and would be up. And again, if you look at the history of these ramps, it's really around the fourth year that you see -- that you really see the business kind of hit its peak. In addition to that, just knowing some of the game releases that are -- from a software standpoint, that are coming out, there are -- there's -- obviously, there's a good lineup [ of customers ]. There's also an expected strong lineup as we go forward. So yes, that's our current view of the Semi-Custom business.

I would say, Tim, we haven't seen that. We haven't seen that particular phenomena. What we do see is that there needs to be good planning, so good planning with our server customers and our large cloud customers. And we're doing that. And our planning extends beyond 2022, extends into 2023 as well. And from what we can see, it's robust demand.

Yes, absolutely. Let me start, Brett, and then I'll ask Victor to also make some comments. No question, AI is a huge opportunity for us and it's one where we're thinking about it very holistically in terms of how we address. So on the Server CPU side, a lot of inference is done on the Server CPU side. We've been investing in that area, on the GPU side for both training and inference. There are a lot this around the software stack, and so our focus is on optimizing our software stack with our large cloud customers and partners. 
And then what Xilinx brings to our portfolio is actually a lot of capability on the AI inference side, in their current portfolio and then additive to the AMD portfolio. So I think you'll see a much broader set of offerings from us in AI as we start talking about sort of the broader product road maps. And maybe, Victor, do you want to give some more?

Yes. I think, Brett, we have -- maybe it's a broader conversation about our overall software strategy. But as Victor mentioned, the unified software capabilities around AI are very, very important. We also have, with the acquisition of Pensando, they have a very strong software team and effort around their DPUs and what we can do there. So I think as a total, you should see us investing a lot more in software. And then in terms of the monetization and stuff, I think we can address that more as we think about the overall solution space that we'll be offering across all of these compute engines. And again, much more -- a great conversation that we can have as we come into our Financial Analyst Day in June.