Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We made history in the second quarter, both as the first company to simultaneously launch high-performance CPUs and GPUs and the first to ramp 7-nanometer high-performance processors across PCs, gaming and the data center. I'm extremely pleased with our execution in the quarter as we ramped production on Ryzen 3000 CPUs, Radeon 300 GPUs and early volumes of our second-generation EPYC processors, in advance of their third quarter launch. 
Looking at the second quarter, revenue of $1.53 billion increased 20% sequentially driven by growth across both of our business segments. Revenue declined 13% year-over-year in line with our expectations as client and server processor revenue increases were offset by lower graphics channel and semi-custom revenue. 
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Revenue declined 13% year-over-year as significantly higher client processor sales were offset by lower graphics channel sales. Mobile client processor revenue increased by a double-digit percentage year-over-year and sequentially driven by our highest quarterly unit shipments in 5 years. In desktop, we launched our industry-leading Ryzen 3000 processors featuring our new Zen 2 core to overwhelmingly positive customer response. Numerous third-party reviews highlighted the superior performance of our 7-nanometer Ryzen CPUs in both multi-threaded and single-threaded applications while consuming less power than competitive offerings. Ryzen 3000 processor customer demand has been very strong, with sales at global e-tailers and retailers outpacing our previous generations of Ryzen by more than 3x at the same point following their respective launches. 
Based on the market response to our latest mobile and desktop processors and the growing number of AMD-powered commercial and consumer PCs, we expect to gain share in the high volume back-to-school and holiday periods. 
In Graphics, revenue decreased year-over-year driven largely by lower channel sales partially offset by a significant increase in data center GPU sales. GPU revenue increased by a double-digit percentage sequentially driven by increased channel sales of our RX 500 series GPUs and the launch of our Radeon 5700 family. The Radeon 5700 series with our new RDNA architecture, delivers up to 1.5x more performance per watt compared to our previous generation. Initial demand for our new GPUs has been strong as third-party reviewers have highlighted our leadership gaming performance at relevant price points. We are well positioned for growth in the second half of the year as we continue to ramp our Radeon 5000 GPU family. 
We had another quarter of strong year-over-year data center GPU sales growth driven largely by HPC and cloud wins. We continue making progress expanding this margin-accretive part of our business based on our strategy to focus on working closely with marquee customers. 
We also announced a strategic partnership in the quarter with Samsung to bring Radeon graphics to their future smartphone and mobile SoCs. The partnership showcases our strategy to engage with industry leaders across the ecosystem to drive Radeon everywhere. We now have deep partnerships across the PC, game console, cloud and mobile markets that contribute to a growing developer ecosystem and installed base for our Radeon graphics architecture. 
Turning to Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue decreased 12% from a year ago due to lower semi-custom revenue. In semi-custom, we have extended our game console leadership as both Microsoft and Sony have now both announced they will use custom AMD SoCs to power their next-generation game consoles. We are very proud to power back-to-back generations of the world's highest performing game consoles. 
As we look into the second half of the year, we are seeing additional softness in game console demand, which is now reflected in our full year guidance. 
In server, CPU revenue grew significantly year-over-year and sequentially driven by initial shipments of our next-generation Rome processors to lead cloud and OEM customers. First-generation EPYC processor-based cloud deployments continued to increase in the quarter. Amazon expanded availability of its EPYC processor-powered instances to the more than 15 regions and dozens of new configurations. And Microsoft launched general availability of its Azure HB supercomputing virtual machine that, for the first time ever, enabled customers to run demanding HPC workloads in the cloud. 
Turning to our next-generation Rome server processor, Rome is on-time and exceed expectations, delivering leadership performance and TCO across a significantly expanded number of cloud and enterprise workloads. Customer excitement continues to grow. Compared to our first-generation EPYC processors, we have more than twice the number of platforms in development with a larger set of partners. We also have 4x more enterprise and cloud customers actively engaged on deployments prior to launch. As a result, Rome is on track to ramp significantly faster than our first-generation EPYC processor. 
We are seeing particular strength in HPC, where we offer leadership compute density and I/O. We had multiple supercomputing wins in the quarter, including public announcements from Indiana University and Norway's National Research Network. Our supercomputing momentum was highlighted by the U.S. Department of Energy and Oak Ridge National Laboratory, selecting both EPYC CPUs and Radeon Instinct GPUs to power their next-generation Frontier exascale supercomputer built by Cray. Frontier is expected to be the world's fastest computer when it launches in 2021. We look forward to providing more details on Rome at our launch event in August 7. 
In summary, as we complete the first half of 2019, we have reached a significant inflection point for the company as we enter our next phase of growth with the most competitive product portfolio in our history. We have seen some uncertainties across our supply chain driven by tariffs, trade concerns and the U.S. entities list. In the second quarter, we stopped shipping to customers added to the U.S. entities list. While we remained cautious given the fluidity of the situation, the impact to date has been limited and offset by growing momentum in other parts of our business. 
We are executing well to our plans and see a path to significant market share gains for our product portfolio across the PC, gaming and data center markets in the coming quarters. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our second quarter financial performance.

Absolutely, Vivek. Thanks for the question. So look, we are very pleased with how Rome is coming up. We did ship initial shipments this past quarter in the second quarter to both cloud and enterprise customers. The feedback that we're getting from customers is that the performance is very compelling both from a performance standpoint as well as a total cost of ownership standpoint. We've gotten a number of wins on both the cloud and the enterprise side as well as HPC. From our standpoint, next week is a big week for us. Obviously, we're going to officially launch Rome on August 7. But from a customer pull standpoint, we see good customer pull. 
Your question specifically about the pricing environment, the pricing environment is always competitive. We expect it to be competitive. That being the case, in servers, price is not the first variable in terms of a buying decision. And so we believe the value proposition that we have for Rome from an overall standpoint is very strong, and we see a good pricing environment for that.

Yes. So in the second quarter, the percentages are similar to the past few quarters in terms of percentage of our business. We were more heavily weighted towards CPU versus GPU in the second quarter, so we saw data center GPU sequentially decline as expected. The CPUs grew as expected. As we go into the second half of the year, you should expect that the percentage of our revenue through the data center will increase as we ramp room.

Sure. So look, we certainly have heard the same conversation, especially around the cloud environment in the first half of the year. Our plan was always very heavily second half weighted. And from our standpoint, we have seen significant customer engagement and pull for the Rome product, and we see a number of new installations that will come online over the next couple of quarters. So I believe that there is some cloud digestion that's happening out there. I also believe that given where we are from the product cycle standpoint, we are well positioned to grow.

Sure. So look, we're very pleased with both. They're both very significant announcements for us. On the Samsung side, it's a multiyear, multigenerational deal that we have across our graphics portfolio for mobile. In terms of 2019, the revenue is approximately $100 million that would be added. This was not originally in our guidance, and it offsets some of the headwinds that we talked about in semi-custom and in China. As it -- it's not pure IP, though, so the way you should think about it is there is some specific development expenses that are being -- that are part of that deal. And so those will be part of the COGS portion of that. As it relates to Frontier, Frontier again, very significant deal for us. It is NRE for the next couple of years to really get the software and infrastructure. I would say, that's not material. And it's a relatively smaller number. And then, the actual deployment will be in 2021. So the bulk of the CPU and the GPU revenue will be in 2021, with a small portion of that perhaps in the second half of 2020.

Yes, sure, Matt. So we're pleased with the progress of our PC business. In the second quarter, we had notebook perform very well. We saw a ramp of our second-generation mobile product, and that is due to some of the additional platforms that we mentioned. Going into the second half of the year, on the desktop side, our third-generation Ryzen products are very well positioned. We expect to ramp significant production here in the third quarter. And we expect that to lead to share gains. And we're also feeling quite good about the mobile products into the second half of the year. We made progress on both consumer and commercial. We had always been strong in consumer, but on the commercial side, we have a number of new platforms as well, and those are ramping here into the second half of the year. So overall, I think the PC business continues to be a good opportunity for us to gain share through the second half of the year.

Hans, yes. So we do have a number of products ramping at TSMC in 7-nanometer and we are not constrained per se. I will say that cycle times of 7-nanometer are longer, and so it just takes more time to ramp up, but we are not constrained. TSMC has supported us quite well.

Hans, you asked the good product questions. I would say, they are coming. You should expect that our execution on those are on track, and we have a rich 7-nanometer portfolio beyond the products that we have currently announced in the upcoming quarters.

Yes. So look, Mark, I think all products have really performed quite well. I think the third-generation Ryzen desktop, both in terms of the reviews -- third-party reviews as well as just the customer interest, what we see is obviously it's only been in market for 3 weeks, and so we watch the data points very carefully. But across the globe, we're seeing sort of significant uptick in our share in the desktop market. I think Navi has come out positioned very well. We're very pleased with our RDNA architecture. Navi is the first step, and we have a couple more steps going. And then we'll talk much more about EPYC next week. I think the key thing is the products have been on schedule and at or above the performance. So our goal is of course to turn that into revenue growth in the second half of the year.

Sure. So Mark, we're proud of the wins at Sony and Microsoft. Those are big wins for us and, as you know, over many years. We can't comment on specific customers and their ramp profiles. The only thing I will say is, you can expect that in general, consumer ramps are second half weighted, especially weighted towards the holiday season. And you would expect that. And then as it relates to the gross margin profiles, with our semi-custom business model, I think the margins will be under the corporate average. However, our business model is actually quite different. If you look forward to our business model, the growth that we see across all of our other products, Ryzen, EPYC, Radeon is actually quite significant. And so the percentage of semi-custom as a percent of the overall business will be lower than, for example, in the last few years.

Yes. Stacy, let me start, and then maybe Devinder can add to it. So we guide approximately to full margin points. What you should expect as we go from Q3 to Q4 is that the product mix will get better, so we will expect more new products. And from the standpoint of semi-custom, semi-custom will be down sequentially Q3 to Q4. And so you should expect that we are not implying that the margin will be down in Q4, and we'll get to the Q4 guide as we get through the next 90 days.

Yes. So the Samsung additional revenue is included as part of the 20% year-on-year, and it offset some weakness that we have in China due to the entities list. As to the gross margin profile for that, you can expect that to be somewhat above corporate average.

Somewhat above corporate average.

Yes. So let me try to help you, Aaron, with that math. So look, originally, when we started the year, we thought semi-custom would be down, let's call it, approximately 20%. In the first half of the year it was down more than that. And based on what we see today, we would expect the full year now to be down, let's call it, mid-30s year-on-year. If you talk about now the rest of the business, I think the rest of the business is close to where we thought it would be, close plus or minus a couple percent. And if you think about all of the moving pieces, we do have some customers that were not shipping to -- in China. That is offset by the Samsung upside and with the new products and how they're coming in. So I think we are pretty close plus or minus to where we thought we would be ex those factors.

Yes. I think that's a fair comment. It is a little bit lumpy because of its size and it's fairly concentrated in a couple of customers. I will say that we're going to see very nice year-over-year growth this year, and we see good customer momentum across both cloud as well as HPC. On the cloud side, it is both, let's call it cloud streaming/gaming as well as machine learning. And on the HPC side, the Frontier win is a public win, but we have a number of others that we're working as well. So I think we give more color as we go forward, but it continues to be a business that we feel will be a good growth driver over the next few years.

Let's see, David. So in the -- your questions is about the second quarter?

Yes. So the second quarter we saw a sequentially mobile units up, and we saw desktop units down. And the desktop units down is somewhat due to the seasonality in the second quarter as well as the fact that we were going through a product transition as we were preparing for the third-generation launch, which happened at the very end of the quarter. In terms of graphics, we were up double digits sequentially, and that's both units and revenue statement as it relates to -- and that was driven primarily by the graphics channel.

Yes, I think, Joe, our view is that we have significant amount of product launches to happen. So as we go through the third quarter and the fourth quarter, both on the PC side, the GPU side as well as on the server side. So, yes. It is significant growth, and I think we feel good about sort of the drivers there.

Yes, John. So that $100 million -- approximately $100 million for the year. There was a little bit in Q2, and then the rest will be in Q3 and Q4.

I think that's close.

Look, I think you should expect that OpEx should be flattish as we go through the rest of the year. And we have increased OpEx. Obviously, the first half of the year was higher OpEx as a percentage of revenue. We are investing in the right places, and I think the product execution shows up. We will evaluate obviously in 2020 as we look through the overall revenue growth picture and what we'll do with OpEx. But I think we've made the right investments and we'll continue to do so.

Yes. So I think, Ross, we feel good about that being the right target. I'm not ready to update that yet. I think we want to get through. There's a lot of platforms to launch here in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter. We'd like to get through some of that. But we feel that the target is the right target. The product is certainly performing well. And now it's about helping our customers get their platforms to market as soon as possible.

Yes. That was asked earlier, and I don't think I responded to it. The accounting is the same, so I don't think the accounting changes. The only difference, though, is we tend -- we would not ramp a product prior to qualification. So there are some -- when you're doing a brand-new product, there is a more involved qualification cycle. And so I think there would be -- it would be more commensurate with the actual product shipments.

Correct.

Yes. So we did have a small impact due to China. We have several customers that are now on the U.S. entities list, and we stopped shipping to those customers in the second quarter. And so it's a small impact, but there is impact that is offset by some of the positives in the rest of the business.

There is some PC business and there's some server business.

Sure, Blayne. From our standpoint, our notebook ramps were due to platform breadth. We ramped a number of second-generation platforms as well as some new Chrome platforms. I can't say that I can point to any particular pull-ins, per se. I think we're still expecting that we have -- we see a seasonal uplift in the second half of the year.

So, let's see. I think what I would say is that, amongst the product lines and where they are in their ramp cycle, you would expect perhaps PCs to be the strongest and then graphics and server next.

Yes, so look, I think we like sort of gaming overall. So if you think about gaming overall, there's PC gaming, there's cloud gaming and then there's console gaming. We believe a rich ecosystem is important. We want to have our Radeon graphics architecture across all those 3 segments. 
I've been asked about the cannibalization question, I think it's too early to talk about that. Maybe in a few years. I mean we think cloud gaming is going to be important, but it's too early to say whether it's really a cannibalization thing, or is it an additive, getting access to more users overall. So our goal is to make sure that our architecture is very friendly to all segments of gaming.

No. Let me say it this way. I think we do stand by the target, so the target being double-digit, sort of 4 to 6 quarters after the initial 5%. I think we feel good about that target. I'm not being more specific than that until we get through more of the ramp.