Thank you, Ruth. And good afternoon to all those listening in today.  
Our third quarter revenue and gross margin came in below our expectations due to softening PC demand and substantial inventory reduction actions across the PC supply chain. Despite the macro backdrop, overall revenue grew 29% year-over-year to $5.6 billion as our Data Center, Gaming and Embedded segments each delivered significant year-over-year growth and performed in line with our expectations. We also expanded gross margin and grew net income year-over-year, highlighting the strength of our business.  
Turning to the business results. Starting with our Data Center segment. Revenue increased 45% year-over-year and 8% sequentially to $1.6 billion. We delivered our 10th straight quarter of record server processor sales, driven by strong demand for third-gen EPYC processors and initial shipments of our next-generation Genoa CPU to select customers. Cloud revenue more than doubled year-over-year and increased sequentially as multiple hyperscalers expanded deployments of EPYC processors to power their internal properties and more than 70 new AMD instances were launched by Microsoft Azure and Amazon, Tencent, Baidu and others in the quarter.  
In enterprise, OEM revenue was down sequentially as server OEMs continued working through match set issues, and some business load the pace or scale of their purchases based on the macro uncertainties.  
Looking at the broader competitive landscape, our third-gen EPYC CPUs in market today are the highest performance and most energy-efficient x86 server CPUs available. And we expect to further extend that lead with our next-generation 5-nanometer Genoa processors, which deliver significant performance, energy efficiency and TCO advantages for both hyperscale and enterprise workloads.  
We will publicly launch Genoa next week and are ramping production to support initial cloud deployments and the introduction of fourth-gen EPYC processor platforms by HP Enterprise, Dell, Lenovo, Super Micro and others.  
Looking at our broader data center portfolio. As expected, Data Center GPU sales were down significantly from a year ago when we had substantial shipments supporting the build-out of the Frontier exascale supercomputer. We made good progress with our Data Center GPU software enablement work in the quarter, including announcing our role as a founding member of the PyTorch Foundation. We look forward to working closely with the largest cloud providers as we drive a standards-based approach to the development of popular PyTorch deep learning software framework.  
Demand from data center customers for our adaptive SmartNIC and DPU products was strong during the quarter. We had record sales of our Xilinx FPGA and networking data center products led by demand from cloud and financial customers.  
Sales of our Pensando DPUs also ramped significantly from the prior quarter driven by cloud adoption. The addition of Pensando DPUs to our product portfolio has been very well received by customers, highlighted by our enterprise customer pipeline doubling in the few months since the acquisition closed.  
We were excited to support VMware's launch of its next-generation cloud virtualization platform in the quarter. Our Pensando DPUs will be included in the first validated server and HCI solutions, supporting the new VMware virtualization offerings from Dell, HPE and others that will make it much easier for enterprise customers to build more performance and secure data centers powered by our industry-leading DPUs.  
Taking a step back, we have built significant momentum in our Data Center business as we have consistently executed our server CPU road map and expanded our solutions capabilities with the addition of the Xilinx and Pensando products to our portfolio. We remain on track to further expand our product portfolio in 2023 with the launches of our edge and telco optimized Siena and cloud optimized Bergamo processors.  
With 128 cores and 256 threads per socket, we expect Bergamo will first end our performance and energy efficiency leadership in cloud workloads. Customer response has been very strong based on the performance, features and software compatibility Bergamo delivers. We believe our broad family of leadership CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs, adaptive SoCs and DPUs position us well for long-term growth and share gains in the Data Center.  
Now into our Client segment. Revenue declined 40% year-over-year to $1 billion. Our Client processor shipments were below PC consumption in the third quarter as we worked closely with our customers to reduce downstream inventory. Desktop channel sell-through increased from the prior quarter, driven by increased demand for our Ryzen 5000 Series CPUs and the launch of our Ryzen 7000 Series processors and AM5 platform in September. We launched our 5-nanometer Ryzen 7000 Series processors with strong reviews based on delivering leadership performance in gaming, productivity and content creation applications. We expect Ryzen 7000 CPU sales to ramp this quarter aligned with the launches of a broader range of mainstream and enthusiast AM5 motherboards.  
Now turning to our Gaming segment. Revenue increased 14% year-over-year to $1.6 billion as strong semi-custom sales offset a decline in gaming graphics. We delivered our sixth straight quarter of record semi-custom SoC sales as demand for the latest game consoles remained strong and Sony and Microsoft prepare for the holiday season.  
Gaming graphics revenue declined in the quarter based on soft consumer demand and our focus on reducing downstream GPU inventory. We will launch our next-generation RDNA 3 GPUs later this week that combine our most advanced gaming graphics architecture with 5-nanometer chiplet designs. Our high-end RDNA 3 GPUs will deliver strong increases in performance and performance per watt compared to our current products and include new features supporting high resolution, high frame rate gaming. We look forward to sharing more details later this week.  
Looking at our Embedded segment. Revenue increased significantly year-over-year to a record $1.3 billion, driven by growth from aerospace and defense, industrial and communications customers. Demand across our core markets remain very strong. We had record sales to aerospace and defense and automotive customers who are increasingly using our FPGA and adaptive SoC products to enable differentiated capabilities and features in their products.  
Record communications market revenue was driven by growth from both wired and wireless customers. We saw a particular strength in North America led by new 5G wireless installations and expanded wired infrastructure deployments.  
Overall demand for our Xilinx products remain strong as we continue to leverage AMD's scale to secure additional supply to address this demand. Longer term, we're very excited about the growth opportunities in our Embedded business. We closed multiple high-revenue design wins in the quarter with automotive, networking, emulation and prototyping, communications and aerospace and defense customers. We're also seeing new design win opportunities and deeper engagements with many of our Embedded customers based on the expanded breadth of our adaptive SoC, FPGA, CPU, GPU and DPU product portfolio.  
In summary, we are well positioned to navigate the current market dynamics based on our leadership product portfolio, strong balance sheet and growth in our Data Center and Embedded segments.  
We have 3 clear priorities guiding us. First and foremost, we're focused on executing our road maps and delivering our next generation of leadership products. Second, we're building even deeper relationships with our customers as we make AMD a fundamental enabler of their success. And lastly, we remain very disciplined in how we manage the business. We will continue to invest in our strategic priorities around the data center, embedded and commercial markets while tightening expenses across the rest of the business and aligning our supply chain with the current demand outlook.  
The secular trends driving increased demand for high performance and adaptive computing in the cloud, at the edge and across intelligent end devices remain unchanged and provide a strong backdrop for long-term growth.  
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance. Devinder?

Yes. Sure, Aaron. Thanks for the question. So clearly, the PC business has been very volatile and underperformed for us in the third quarter. I think as we go into the fourth quarter, we are guiding that -- embedded in our guidance is that PCs will be down again in the fourth quarter. We believe that, that will be a significant step in clearing inventory between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. And of course, we'll monitor the macro conditions, but we'll certainly exit the year in a better place.

Yes. Sure. So in the server side, we certainly have been ramping up our overall supply. I think we've made good progress on that throughout the year. We have more supply in Q4 than we had earlier in the year. And some of those investments are coming online here in the fourth quarter. So we expect as we go into 2023 with the Genoa launch not to be supply constrained based on what we currently see.

Yes. So it is a little bit early to talk about 2023 precisely, but maybe let me give you a backdrop of where we see the data center market today. As you said, in the near term, there are some overall macro headwinds that are affecting all markets, including the data center market. Now it varies by segment. And so if I go through each of the segments, what we're seeing is I think North America cloud is probably the most resilient out of the segments within the data center market, and this is where AMD is the strongest. 
We've had very good progress at the North America cloud vendors. And we continue to believe that although there may be some near term, let's call it, optimization of, let's call it, individual footprints and efficiencies at individual cloud vendors over the medium term, as we go into 2023, we expect growth in that market, particularly customers moving more workloads to AMD, just given the strength of our product portfolio and overall, Genoa coming forward. As we look through the other segments, I think China is -- has been very weak in 2022, and we're not forecasting a significant recovery in 2023. So we'll see how that goes.  
And then on the enterprise side, I would say enterprise is probably most impacted by the macro. So we have seen customers taking longer to make decisions and perhaps being a little bit more conservative on CapEx. That being said, though, we feel very good about our value proposition. We feel very good about our product portfolio. And we believe, even in a little bit of a choppy market that we can gain share across that business. So overall, I think our Data Center trends are good, and we need to work through the macro as everyone does.

Yes, Stacy. We're not really counting on a material impact from the extra week. I think if you look at the pluses and minuses in the quarter, the guidance for Q4 really is around sort of PCs and, let's call it, Gaming being lower. And again, those are -- with all the holidays in place, we're not counting on too much there. And then Data Center is -- Data Center, Embedded are higher, but we're not expecting that the extra week has a material impact.

Sure, Stacy. So I think if you look at the third quarter, it was -- there are a lot of dynamics in the Client business. So market was weak. In particular, consumer was weak. And we have more of a footprint in consumer. So in that framework, we saw units come down. But we also saw ASPs come down on a sequential basis. Now I will say that ASPs were still up on a year-over-year basis. So we've been, let's call it, disciplined in this pricing environment. 
We did see some pricing dynamics in the quarter, and we couldn't face unprofitable business. And we'll continue to be sort of watching that space. So that was the pluses or minuses as it relates to Client ASPs. And as we go into the fourth quarter, again, I think we're forecasting for a competitive environment given the market weakness, and that's embedded in the guide.

Yes. So a couple of different points, Vivek. Let me just answer the sort of the expectations around Q4. I would say we're guiding, let's call it, modestly down for Client and Gaming. And obviously, we're coming off of what is already a low base in Q3. We want to do that to correct the sort of the inventory situation as quickly as possible. And as a result, we're going to under-ship consumption again in the fourth quarter to do that.  
As it relates to next year, I think there are a lot of factors. I mean this year, PCs will be down quite a bit, let's call it, high teens, close to 20%. As we go into next year, I think the industry is calling mid-single digits. I think that would be a good case. I think we should model down to minus 10%. And again, within our PC business, we expect as we get through this inventory correction -- I mean we have very good products, and I feel very good about our product portfolio and very good about our platforms overall. So I do think the PC business will recover as we go into 2023, but we'll have to work through these dynamics over the next quarter or so.

Yes. Sure, Matt. So for focus on the third quarter, what I would say is cloud revenue did more than double. Enterprise revenue was down. And then on the GPU side, because we had a strong quarter in the third quarter of 2021, that was down, too. And perhaps that wasn't quite in your modeling. But the larger dynamics are, as I said earlier, the North America cloud is probably the best out of all the Data Center segments. There is some impact on macro, though. I mean I think everyone is aware of that, that there is a little bit of pullback in CapEx spending. That being the case, I think our market share is very good there, and we'll -- we expect it to continue to grow. 
And as the business becomes more cloud weighted -- there have been a few margin questions, so I'll just mention, as the business becomes more cloud weighted, that tends to have a little bit of downward pressure on the margin. But our goal right now is footprint and expanding our footprint across cloud and enterprise. I will say even in a weak enterprise market as we go forward over the next few quarters, we feel really good about how we're positioned and the platform solutions that are coming out with all of our OEM partners. So I think on a quarter-by-quarter basis, you may not get the model exactly right. But I think on a longer-term basis, I think the product portfolio and the product capabilities should help us continue to gain share.

Sure, Matt. So yes, the third quarter, the PC market was very volatile. Going into it, we expected the market would be weak. It was weaker than we expected. And the weakest portion of the market is a consumer market where we tend to be more heavily weighted. 
I think the thing that perhaps we saw in the market is we -- as the overall macro economy has also weakened, customers, in general, across the board, have just become more cautious. So even as they were selling through their inventory, they were not replenishing stock to the same levels. And frankly, we were coming off of a supply-demand imbalance where in the first half of the year, people were actually trying to gather inventory, and we had been in a supply-constrained situation. So it is a very dynamic situation, I would say. 
I think that we have great partnerships across the supply chain. I feel good about the visibility that we have. I think the market will continue to be volatile, but we will -- we're all sort of biased towards reducing inventory levels so that we can better react to the market factors and the market situation. So hopefully, that helps a little bit.

Yes. Absolutely, Joe. So the Xilinx business, our Embedded business has been performing just extremely well. Another very strong quarter in Q3, and we have -- we see growth into the fourth quarter. We have been very focused on what's happening within the various subsegments. I think the nice part of the business, as you know, is that it has -- it's very broad based. So we have seen communications was up for us. Aerospace and defense, very strong. Automotive was also up for us here in the third quarter. 
We did see some weaknesses. Consumer was weak. There was some subsegments of industrial. So test and measurement was weaker in the third quarter. So we do see the puts and takes there. But overall, I would say the business has strong visibility. We are still supply constrained in certain nodes and some of the legacy nodes. We've made a lot of progress on supply. So we're seeing additional supply come in, in Q4, and that leads us to good confidence in Q4. 
We expect the first half -- again, we have multiple quarters of visibility just given the lead times in that business, and we'll be watching it very carefully. But I would say overall, the products portfolio is strong, and we've also gained some share in that business as well.

Yes. Sure, Ross. Well, since -- on an absolute level, we're talking about flattish from Q4 to Q3, [ 5 5 ] versus [ 5 5 6 ]. So modest decline in Client and Gaming. Within Gaming, we would expect consoles to be down in the fourth quarter given they're coming off of Q3, which is their peak. That's offset a bit by our new graphics launch that is occurring in the next few weeks. 
And then as it relates to Data Center and Embedded, it's about the same, let's call it, modest plus as we go forward. We expect, again, cloud to be stronger than enterprise. That's some of the margin dynamics that we were asking earlier. And Embedded, as we get more supply, modestly up as well.

Yes. And maybe, Ross, if I'd just add on top of that. I think we have the opportunity -- we have multiple levers in OpEx. So we are going to be very disciplined, as Devinder said. That being the case, I mean, we feel very good about our strategic direction around Data Center, Embedded and the commercial markets. So we want to continue to invest there where we will be more conservative on the consumer-facing portions of our business, and that's how we'll manage through 2023.

Yes. Sure, Ambrish. Look, I think -- again, let me comment on our business, right? So for our business, as we exited the first half of the year, I think we were planning for a sort of a reasonable PC market in the second half. Usually, the third quarter is higher than the first half. And the third and the fourth quarter are seasonally higher. And so that's what we were building to, together with our customers, by the way, with that expectation. 
I think the market weakness as well as just the overall caution in the environment just caused people to behave a bit differently, and that really required us to work together with our customers on the inventory corrections. And as you said, there were some temporal sort of dynamics. And we're aware of those temporal dynamics. Some of it is very -- sort of very aggressive pricing that we chose not to follow. And again, that's a decision that we made. And others are, as you might expect, there might be some temporal optimization that people are doing. 
I don't think there's anything fundamental. I think fundamentally, our product portfolio is strong. I think we have very good platforms in place, and we'll work through this. I fully agree that it's kind of a messy market environment that we have to work through, but we will work through it.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Harlan. So yes, look, we're very happy with our Milan sort of workload ramp. We are continuing to ramp Milan here this year and then into next year as well. 
As it relates to Genoa, we did start initial shipments of Genoa to our strategic customers in the third quarter. That is continuing in the fourth quarter. So we're ramping production in the fourth quarter. A lot of the, let's call it, the qualifications or the first instances are being qualified here in the fourth quarter into the first quarter. 
And what we've said before is that Milan and Genoa are going to actually coexist for quite some time just given how competitive both are. Genoa is a new platform. It is new DDR5 and PCIe 5.0, and that takes a bit longer for people to qualify. And so we would expect both to continue to ramp in 2023, and that's how we're planning the business.

Yes. Right, Harlan. I would say it's a little bit of both. And I think you said it well. In the very near term, there is a little bit of optimization that each cloud vendor is doing. But in the medium term, what our customers are telling us is they need more compute. And the more compute is for additional workloads building out. It's also for upgrade of, let's call it, older compute given our new products have very strong TCO, power efficiency, given the cost of power and energy around the world. We're actually seeing that also be a driver for some of the conversion to AMD in the cloud as we go into 2023.

Let's see. I'm trying to think how do I take the macro out of it. So your question is -- put the actual TAM aside and just talk about where we're going from a share standpoint? Is that your question?

I got it. I got it. Okay. Yes, I want to be responsive to the question. Well, let's start with the Data Center. I think in the Data Center, we believe that we will continue to gain share. We expect to continue to gain share in both cloud and enterprise. We are more underrepresented in enterprise. And so again, that's a key focus for us. But as we just stated in the last few questions, I think North America cloud, in particular, I think we see line of sight to significant new deployments based on our current road map. 
In the desktop and notebook business, our focus is on certain segments. So we're very focused on premium. We're very focused on gaming. And we're focused on commercial. I think in those areas, there are, again, opportunities for us to continue to gain share. I think in desktop DIY business or sort of the desktop channel business, we have a strong lineup. We just launched the new Ryzen 7000 Series. We have additional products that we'll launch next year as well. And that's sort of the puts and takes in the various businesses.

Chris, I think we're -- we have a very strong value proposition. Our strategy is not to lead on price. So if you look at -- look in the Data Center, although price is one factor, we find price is not the leading factor in the majority of the selections. There is work for us to do in terms of workload optimization, and that's where a lot of our focus has been in the Data Center. So hopefully, that answers that piece. 
As it relates to the PC business, it is more price-sensitive. We have seen it become more price-sensitive. I think, again, where we have a strong value proposition, we will continue to be very competitive. But even back a year ago, we didn't choose to compete in the Chrome market because, again, that was just not a profitable business for us. And so we're going to be disciplined in ensuring that what we're taking is profitable business.

Yes. Sure, Tim. So we are certainly watching the situation very closely. Upon reviewing all of the new regulations as they have gone into effect, it is minimal impact on our revenue in the near term. We're certainly working very closely with commerce and the rest of the U.S. government on how those are rolling out. 
And then I think on a medium-term basis, again, my view on these things is we will always follow the U.S. regulations and understand the need for national security. The majority of our China business is, let's call it, non-data center. So it's more in the PC business as well as in some of the consumer-facing businesses. So we are paying attention to that as we go forward in the business. But for the near term, we have not seen any significant impacts, and we'll continue to follow it very closely.

The PC market certainly was volatile in the third quarter. I would say that we did drain a good amount of inventory in the third quarter. I think we are -- our guide indicates a desire to drain more in the fourth quarter, and I think we will make progress in that. And of course, it all depends on how the macro behaves over the next couple of months. But like I said, I think we are -- we have good visibility into the various market factors, and we're planning for a weaker PC environment in the fourth quarter.

Yes. So Blayne, it was certainly more units. I think Stacy asked the question earlier. ASPs were down sequentially, but they were up year-over-year. So the decline was more driven by units, but there was an ASP factor on a sequential basis. 
And then in terms of what we see in the market, I would say that as the market weakened, there was sort of more pressure at the high end in terms of just velocity and desire to clear inventory. And so the mix did mix towards lower ASPs and towards more incentives to clear that inventory. As it relates to longer term, though, I don't feel like there's a longer-term significant mix change, if that's what you were asking.

Yes. Okay. So let me try that. So if you think about what we see in the business, there's a couple of factors. So if you say, excluding the charges that we described, the $160 million in Q3, we were about 52%. We're guiding to 51%. We do see the client market continuing to be weak. We want to make sure that we have -- we do clear additional inventories. 
We do see in Data Center a mix to -- when the mix is higher for North America cloud, that tends to be lower ASPs just given the environment in that business. And then Devinder mentioned that as we increase capacity, particularly in the server market, there were some -- we have some additional capacity coming online, and that has a bit of cost impact. So those are the couple of factors that get you to the 51%.

Yes. So look, what I would say is, again, on a very discrete basis, I wouldn't say the overall data center market is necessarily up. Just given the macro impact, there is some impact on overall spending. In terms of our business, we do have a weighting towards North America cloud that tends to be sort of the most resilient part of the market. 
And then as it relates to what's happening in the market, like I said, I think what's happening is -- enterprise is weak. I think that is overall people -- businesses are just being more cautious. China is weak and has been weak all year. And then in cloud, in general, there's not in general. Every customer is a bit different in what they're trying to do. Some are just optimizing inventory, some are optimizing footprint, and then some are continuing to build. And so I wouldn't call it a market per se. I would call it their individual instances for each customer. 
What's helpful for us is -- what we're talking about is not just Q4 with our customers. We're really talking about what do they need for all of 2023. I mean we are coming from a place where we were supply constrained. And so we're planning for the capacity that's necessary. And there, we see which workloads are moving and when are they moving each of the workloads. And so that gives us some visibility into what their spending plans are for 2023.

Yes. So Harsh, we do believe that there is still some pent-up demand, especially coming into this holiday season. So Q3 was the peak for us this year. Q4 is down seasonally, as you might expect. 
Going into next year, I think there are puts and takes. I would say the best way to model at this point is to model Gaming segment flattish. And let's see how the holiday season goes, but that would be the way we would call it at this point.