Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. I am pleased with our strong third quarter execution and results. We delivered our highest quarterly revenue since 2005, our highest quarterly gross margin since 2012 and increased net income significantly, all driven by our first full quarter of 7-nanometer Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC processor sales. Third quarter revenue of $1.8 billion increased 9% year-over-year and 18% sequentially, and we expanded gross margin by 3 percentage points year-over-year. 
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Revenue increased 36% year-over-year and sequentially. Demand for Ryzen desktop and notebook processors drove a significant increase in unit shipments and ASP, resulting in our highest client processor quarterly revenue since 2011. We saw particularly strong demand for our top-end Ryzen processors, and believe we gained client processor unit share for the eighth straight quarter. In desktops, we are seeing strong demand for our Ryzen 3000 and previous generation Ryzen 2000 processors. Both product families are consistently among the top sellers at leading e-tailers and retailers globally. In commercial, HP and Lenovo announced new desktop PCs powered by our Ryzen PRO 3000 series processors in the third quarter. We are continuing to expand our presence in the commercial market as more financial, retail, education and health care customers purchase AMD-based PCs and Chromebooks to power their businesses. We are on track to expand our desktop product offerings in November with the launches of the industry's first 16-core mainstream desktop processor as well as our third-generation Ryzen Threadripper processor family. These products will offer unmatched combinations of core counts, performance and energy efficiency for the most demanding high-end desktop and content creation applications. 
In mobile, we had another quarter of strong double-digit percentage notebook processor revenue growth driven by our virtual product mix and increased unit shipments. The number of AMD-powered laptops from major OEMs has increased by 50% this year, including multiple premium notebooks like the first ever AMD-powered Microsoft Surface laptop. We collaborated closely with Microsoft over several years to develop the AMD-exclusive 15-inch consumer Surface laptop 3, which includes a custom Ryzen Microsoft Surface edition processor and multiple operating system and software optimizations that will benefit all AMD-powered Windows systems. We are very pleased with our momentum in the client business this year and expect client processor revenue to grow sequentially in the fourth quarter as we head into the seasonally strong holiday season. 
In graphics, revenue increased year-over-year driven largely by higher channel GPU sales. Shipments of our Radeon 5000 GPU family, featuring our RDNA architecture, increased sequentially and we are seeing solid demand for the new products based on their competitive performance and features. For mainstream gamers, we began shipping the Radeon RX 5500 GPU in the third quarter. Acer, HP, Lenovo and MSI announced plans to offer the new GPU in their upcoming PCs and multiple AIB partners plan to launch RX 5500 cards during the fourth quarter. 
Data center GPU sales were down sequentially and roughly flat year-over-year. We added multiple cloud and HPC wins in the quarter, highlighted by Microsoft's announcement of a new remote desktop offering for graphics-intensive workloads powered by EPYC CPUs and Radeon Instinct GPUs. We are making good progress growing this margin accretive part of our business as we continue expanding our footprint with marquee customers and targeted data center workloads. 
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue decreased 27% from a year ago, as significantly higher server processor revenue was offset by lower semi-custom sales. We expect semi-custom demand to further soften in the fourth quarter now that both Microsoft and Sony have announced new AMD-powered consoles for holiday 2020. 
In server, we had our highest quarterly CPU revenue since 2006 as strong second-generation EPYC processor demand drove a greater than 50% sequential increase in unit shipments and revenue. Second-gen EPYC processors are the highest performance server CPUs in the industry and have set more than 100 world records. Our newest EPYC processors feature up to 64 cores and deliver a 25% to 50% TCO advantage versus competitive offerings. As a result of our clear performance leadership and differentiated feature set, we are building momentum with cloud, enterprise and HPC customers. 
In cloud, Amazon AWS, IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, OVHcloud, Twitter and Tencent all announced plans to deploy EPYC processors in their data centers. At our launch event, Google became the latest mega data center provider to adopt EPYC processors as they announced second-generation EPYC processors have been deployed across their internal infrastructure production data center environment and will also be used to power the Google Cloud platform. 
In enterprise, Dell, HPE and Lenovo more than doubled their AMD-powered server portfolio as they launched new platforms featuring second-gen EPYC processors, helping us add dozens of new telecom, healthcare, financial services, manufacturing and energy customers in the quarter. We also secured multiple new HPC wins in the quarter, including 3 separate U.S. Department of Defense supercomputers and what is expected to be the fastest scientific computer in the U.K. We expect server revenue to grow sequentially by a strong double-digit percentage in the fourth quarter as we continue ramping our second-generation EPYC processors. We remain on track to achieve our near-term goal of double-digit server CPU share by mid-next year. 
In summary, we are right where we want to be on our long-term strategic plan. We have the strongest product portfolio in our history. We executed our product launches and production ramps very well in the third quarter as our new products grow higher revenue, margin expansion and increase profitability. We're on track to exit 2019 with another quarter of significant growth driven by the ramp of our 7-nanometer products and believe we are well positioned to build our momentum in 2020 and beyond as we deliver an even stronger set of leadership products that can drive sustained growth and increase share of the $75 billion market for high-performance Computing and Graphics technologies. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance.

Sure. Thanks for the question, Mark. So -- I mean maybe let me give some context on sort of the data center business for us, and then I'll answer your question. Look, I think from what we see, there is a very strong value proposition for Rome. When you look at just what we're able to do from just the amount of performance, the power consumption and then how that plays into total cost of ownership. We see it across all workloads, so whether you're talking about a virtualized environment or you're talking about high-performance computing or you're talking about the Enterprise sort of workloads, we see a strong performance as well as strong total cost of ownership. To your exact question, I think, server purchases -- or server purchasers are very, I would say, sophisticated. And so in most cases, total cost of ownership is definitely in the conversation. And it's not just about performance but performance at a given power level and also in terms of a given density. And that has played out in a number of our customer engagements. And so the overall point of -- we think that Rome is very well positioned. Price in and of itself is one factor, but I would say it's not the primary factor. I think the performance, power, total cost of ownership are all important buying factors, and we've seen very, very strong engagement from customers across-the-board, across all workloads for these drivers.

Yes. Sure, Mark. So a couple different questions there. Let me try to get through it. I will say, since our launch of Rome in August, we've had a very strong start. Now we had a full quarter of revenue here in the third quarter, and we saw that in sort of the ramp of units and revenue. What we are seeing is that the qualifications are going faster with the second-generation of EPYC than with the first generation, so customers are familiar with our platforms. In some cases, customers are doing drop-in platforms, and so they can take virtually the same or a very similar platform that they had for first-gen and drop-in the second-gen. They're familiar with our architecture. And so I think, from a market share standpoint, we feel good about the transition from Naples to Rome. I think the platform readiness across our OEMs and number of platforms that we have across the major OEMs is also very strong, and we're pleased with the set that are -- that have both new and existing platforms there. And so from the standpoint of where we are going in the fourth quarter into 2020, I think we feel very, very good about where we are with the data center customers. 
As it relates to customer support and all that stuff, like I said, customers are much, much more familiar with the architecture in the second-generation compared to the first generation. And that is good for the ramp of Rome. As it relates to -- I think you asked about the 7-nanometer ramp and the availability there, we had a very large ramp here in the third quarter with 7-nanometer. We essentially ramped 3 full product families, Ryzen, EPYC as well as our Radeon gaming product families, in the third quarter. And it went very well. We're very pleased with it. It's the fastest ramp that we have done certainly in recent memory. And going into the fourth quarter and into 2020, I think we feel very good about the availability of Rome as well as the rest of our products.

I think what I can say, David, and I'll start. Maybe Devinder has some additional comments. The ramp for 7-nanometer has gone very quickly in -- here in the third quarter. When we look at overall new product revenue, certainly in the third quarter, we had a significant piece of that be 7-nanometer. That will increase again as we go into the fourth quarter as well. And so the way to think about it is, for our major product lines, we're transitioning very fast from 14 to 7.

Yes. So if you look at the CG segment from a sequential standpoint, we saw the client CPUs increase the most, and those were certainly the driver being both desktop and mobile. Desktop was higher than mobile, but both grew very nicely. If you look at GPUs overall, they actually declined a bit sequentially, and that decline was primarily driven by data center GPUs, which declined just due to some of the buying cycles in the cloud. Overall, gaming did well. And we continue to expect that, as we go into the fourth quarter, you'll see that the data center GPUs will increase as well, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, that client and graphics would also increase.

Yes. So Matt, as we look -- so let me answer the first question as it relates to the cloud customers. I think we are very pleased with the cloud adoption. We are engaged across all major Tier 1 and many of the Tier 2 service providers, and I think we're making good progress there. As it relates specifically to China, we are well engaged there in both cloud and enterprise. Obviously, there is a little bit of disruption due to some of the China customers that are on the entities list and we follow that closely. But as it relates -- overall, I think we're -- we believe that there is strong pull for Rome both across cloud as well as Enterprise. On the enterprise side, what I will say is that the HPC market has been really good for us. And so we have won quite a few of the bids and they tend to be early adopters of the technology. And so that's one indication of the strong value proposition. As we go into more general Enterprise, the launch of HPE, Dell and Lenovo as well as Supermicro and the other ODM platforms is broader than our -- the first generation of EPYC, and we're seeing that in the pipeline that we see. So a lot of activity going on right now, and we feel really good about how that's going to develop over the next couple of quarters in terms of Enterprise wins.

Yes. Sure, Matt. Well, the client business has really had a very strong year, I mean, if you look at how it's played out over the last couple of quarters. I'll say that, in our desktop portfolio, the third-gen Ryzen has done very, very well. It's extremely well positioned. And where we're seeing the highest demand is at the highest tier sort of in the Ryzen 9 and the Ryzen 7. And so that's why you see the ASP strength in the business. Mobile is also ramping very nicely and what we're seeing, again, in mobile is the mix of Ryzen is now a predominant mix of the business. And we're seeing actually very nice momentum in commercial as well as our traditional consumer market, so we also see good sequential growth in ASPs there. There is some noise in the system as it relates to some supply constraints and all that stuff. I would view that as mostly -- again, it's pockets at the low end. I don't think it's a significant driver of our business. Our business is driven primarily by our new platforms, the fact that we are in a number of premium platforms on both the notebook side as well as just the strength that we're having in the DIY channel is there. And that's contributing to the positive mix as well as the unit growth in the client business.

Yes. So Vivek, as you know, we don't necessarily want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of server share. But what we will say is our -- the Q3 quarter was our highest units sort of with EPYC. And so we are seeing good strength and predominantly a very fast transition to Rome. We expect that to continue to grow as we go into Q4 and into the first half of next year. So this is about more platforms ramping and multiple platforms within a given customer. And you should see -- we saw a number of announcements around our launches here in Q3, and you should see additional announcements as we go into the fourth quarter as well as the first half of next year. 
Your question about do we see any unusual activity from a competition standpoint. Look, our view is that the competition is aggressive, will always be aggressive and we're counting on that. It's a very competitive market out there. That being the case, I think we are feeling very good about how our product is positioned and also the readiness of the product. So the question earlier about are the platforms ready, how's the customer support, I think it's very strong. And I think our OEM and ODM partners have done a phenomenal job with the breadth of platforms, and that will help us continue to grow overall.

Yes. Well, it's a good question, Vivek. I get asked it from time to time. But what you will see is I think we're very cognizant of where we're going. So in other words, the roadmap -- and I mean the long term sort of financial roadmap, I think we understand pretty well. We want to show leverage on both top and bottom line, and that's certainly our goal. We did spend a little bit more this year than we originally planned, and that was frankly because the opportunities are very strong. And most of the additional spend is targeted at R&D, with the notion of platform investments, software investments to ensure that we capture the opportunities that we have. I think we have the right balance, Vivek. And certainly, as we go into 2020, we'll continue to look at that balance. But I think we are very well balanced between top line and bottom line growth.

Yes. So the -- we're very excited about the opportunities for us in the commercial space. And I will tell you, when we look at our go-to-market investments, we are putting a lot of feet on the street as well as just general go-to-market around commercial. Starting with Ryzen, I think you have seen and you should have seen that the number of commercial platforms that we have continues to get stronger, and it's not just the number of platforms but the quality of the platforms. Certainly, Lenovo ThinkPad is a premium brand that is very key. We have very strong HP commercial offerings. We have additional desktops coming out as well. What we are seeing is good traction in the commercial space, and that is the stronger part of the PC market. And we'll continue to talk about that. 
As it relates to new platforms, certainly as we refresh our mobile platform going into next year, I think you'll see even stronger commercial offerings there. We're investing heavily in security and manageability and all of those other aspects that are important in the commercial space. As it relates to EPYC in the Enterprise, I'm actually very encouraged with what we see in the Enterprise. We had originally said that we thought we would be more cloud -- sort of cloud would go first and then Enterprise would take longer. I think what we currently see is cloud is certainly a big driver of our business. But our Enterprise business is coming along very nicely. And I really would say that the key metrics there are more top tier brands adopting EPYC and talking about that publicly. We have had a number of engagements, and I mentioned earlier that the pipeline that we see in Enterprise across our top OEMs has increased very significantly just in the last sort of 2 months since we launched. So the awareness around EPYC as well as the awareness around these new platforms, I think, is strong, and we'll continue to build that out as we go forward.

Yes. So I think it's a good question, and we will certainly give you more guidance as we get into 2020. But the way to think about it at a high level is we are going through a product transition with semi-custom now. And in 2019, for example, we've had the unusual cycle, where the second half of 2019 is pretty soft for semi-custom compared to the first half. And what you should expect in 2020 is that, that would flip strongly. So I think both of our large customers have said that they're planning a holiday 2020 launch. That would mean that the semi-custom business would be quite heavily weighted in the second half, so you should expect that revenue in the first half will be, again, quite soft with a strong recovery in the second half of the year. And the way I look at it is, the gaming business, the console business is a strong business for us. And so it will be one of the growth drivers as we go into 2020 and beyond.

I think, Stacy, maybe if this will help. In each of the product lines, we are certainly mixing up, and that's why you see some of the ASP goodness. But you also have some legacy product, right? And we continue to sell some legacy product as well. And so that's the -- that's perhaps the other piece. But I think, as Devinder said, look, we're very happy with the way that the gross margin has progressed. I think if you look at our long-term model, we had said 40 to 44 points, and we'll be exiting the year at 44, and I think very well -- positions us well as we go into 2020 and turn over more of the product portfolio to the new products.

Well, I think we have in mind strong double digits. So I would say -- and Stacy, I'm not being facetious, but again, there are all kinds of puts and takes. What I will say, though, is put in context that the product has basically been in markets since early August. And if you put that in context, and we're saying that the transition is going quickly, and we have a number of new platforms that are -- literally, they've been in market 4 to 8 weeks. With the way the server cycle goes, I'm actually pretty happy with how it's ramping. And I expect, as I said, that Q4 will be another strong quarter for us, and it's just a matter of continuing to diligently ramp the platforms.

Yes. So Aaron, it's fair to say that initially, out of the chute, we are seeing a higher mix to the higher end. So more 48 and 64 cores as a mix. I think those are very, very attractive products and really take the full advantage of the EPYC product line. We are seeing, as you might expect with that mix, that the Rome ASPs are showing lift versus the previous first-generation EPYC. As we go forward, you would expect that to build out a little bit more. So we have a full product portfolio for the server parts, but then, you also expect that you'll get more Enterprise in that, and Enterprise tends to have a higher ASP. So the net of all that is, I can say, in the server market, we feel very good about where we're positioned from an ASP standpoint. And from a sort of unit share to revenue share, I think they're actually quite close.

And then on the -- yes, on the semi-custom side, we had said last quarter that it would be down, let's call it, mid-30s. It's probably, when you look at it in aggregate for the second half of the year, it will be down a bit more than mid-30s. Let's call it high-30s.

Yes. So I would say that the margin mix, as we look here in the beginning of the ramp, is about what we expected. It's about what we expected. So the only thing I would say, and I said it earlier, is the product mix is perhaps a little bit higher in the early part of the ramp. But overall, the margins are pretty close to what we expected. The pricing environment is pretty close to what we expected. And as we go into 2020, I think the other piece of it is that the business scale will increase as we grow the business. And so that actually helps to absorb some of the fixed costs as well.

Yes. When we look at both the client and the server business, I wouldn't say that we saw any significant pull-ins due to tariffs or other reasons. We monitor sort of certainly very closely the sell-in and sell-through trend. And we believe that what we're seeing in terms of the growth of the business is actually just new platforms running -- ramping. And given where we are in the product cycle, that makes sense. And so I wouldn't say that we saw any significance of pull-ins in the quarter.

Let me make sure I understand what you mean, Mitch. Which product line are you referring to? Or what are you exactly referring to?

Yes. So your question was relative to the third generation of Ryzen. Look, I think, overall, when you look at the third-generation of Ryzen and the platforms that we've put out, we're very, very pleased with how that ramp has gone. And when we look at the sales from a sell-through standpoint, we're very pleased with where it is. There have been some platform sort of optimizations that we've done through working with our ODM partners and the motherboard partners to try to sort of improve the optimization of the maximum boost frequency, which is, I think, what you're referring to. And that has largely been addressed over the last couple of weeks. But I would consider that more of an optimization versus any type of major update. And we're going to continue to improve the platform. So you're going to see that as is normal with a new platform, that we'll continue to improve the platforms over time. But I will say that we're very pleased with how third-gen Ryzen has done in the marketplace. And we're excited with the launch of the 16-core 3950X as well as the Threadripper family in the next couple of weeks as well.

Yes. So Timothy, the way I would answer that question is, look, we made a set of choices, and the set of choices include process technology, they include architecture, our chiplet architecture. They include sort of our overall system architecture. And I think we've made a set of good choices. Going forward, we are not relying on process technology as the main driver. We think process technology is necessary. It's necessary to be sort of at the leading edge of process technology. And so today, 7-nanometer is our great node, and we're getting a lot of benefit from it. We will transition to the 5-nanometer node at the appropriate time and get great benefit from that as well. But we're doing a lot in architecture. And I would say that the architecture is where we believe the highest leverage is for our product portfolio going forward.