Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. We had a solid first quarter. Revenue was in line with our expectations at $1.27 billion, down 23% year-over-year. Ryzen and EPYC Processor and Data Center GPU revenue more than doubled year-over-year, helping expand gross margin by 5 percentage points and partially offsetting graphics channel softness and lower Semi-Custom revenue. 
Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, revenue declined year-over-year as higher Client Processor sales were offset by lower Graphics sales to the channel. Client Processor sales increased by a strong double-digit percentage from the year ago period as unit shipments increased significantly and our new products drove a higher client ASP. As a result, we believe we gained unit market share for the sixth straight quarter. 
In the desktop channel, demand for our highest end Ryzen 7 and Ryzen 5 CPUs was strong, with sales increasing sequentially and outperforming seasonality. Ryzen Mobile Processor adoption continues to accelerate. Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo and other OEMs have launched more than a dozen new Ryzen mobile notebooks so far in 2019, helping us deliver our fifth straight quarter of year-over-year Mobile Processor growth. Our customers are on track to increase the number of Ryzen Notebook models by more than 50% from 2018. The majority of these new systems are planned to launch in the second quarter in advance of the seasonally stronger second half of the year. 
In Graphics, revenue decreased year-over-year driven largely by lower channel sales partially offset by a significant increase in Data Center GPU sales. Radeon Vega GPU shipments grew by a strong double-digit percentage both year-over-year and sequentially based on increased adoption across OEM, gaming and data center customers. Apple introduced 2 new iMac systems featuring upgraded Radeon Pro Vega GPUs that deliver up to 80% faster graphics performance than the previous generation. We believe we made good progress improving channel inventory levels. Sell-through accelerated sequentially driven by sales of both our mainstream Radeon RX GPUs and new high-end Radeon VII gaming GPUs. We are well-positioned to grow GPU revenue in the second quarter and through the second half of the year as we expect to introduce our first 7-nanometer Navi gaming GPUs in the third quarter. We delivered another quarter of strong data center GPU sales based on increased adoption across large customers. Our progress was highlighted by Google's announcement that they selected high-performance Radeon GPUs and AMD's software development tools to power their upcoming Stadia game streaming platform. Stadia is a great example of how we are expanding the depth and breadth of our data center customer engagements. We are seeing growing customer interest in our differentiated platforms for game streaming, machine learning and HPC workloads that combine our high-performance GPUs with open source software tools. 
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-custom segment. Revenue decreased from a year ago as expected due to lower Semi-Custom revenue as we enter the seventh year of the current game console cycle. Our Semi-Custom business model continues to play an important role in our long-term growth as our strong IP portfolio enables the industry's biggest brands to create differentiated solutions. The latest example is Sony. We are honored that Sony has selected a custom AMD SoC based on our Zen 2 CPU and Navi GPU architectures to power its next-generation PlayStation console. Our Server CPU revenue grew significantly from the year ago period, as EPYC processor adoption across cloud, HPC and Enterprise customers continued to grow. Overall in the data center, our CPU and GPU sales accounted for a mid-teens percentage of quarterly revenue. Our work with cloud leader, Amazon, continues to expand as they rolled out AMD-based offerings to additional regions and launched 3 new EPYC processor-powered EC2 instance families, including the first T3 Series instance. Growing HPC and regional cloud service provider deployments resulted in EPYC processor channel sales increasing sequentially. In the Enterprise, we added dozens of new customers across the aerospace, health care, automotive and telecom industries based on the superior performance of EPYC processors in big data and general-purpose virtualized workloads. 
Turning to our next-generation Rome processor. We made excellent progress in the quarter, achieving key production milestones with our largest OEM and cloud customers. We are very excited about the performance of Rome, which is on track to deliver 4x the floating-point performance and double the compute performance per socket compared to our current generation EPYC processors. We are on track to begin Rome production shipments in the second quarter to support a third quarter launch. 
In summary, I am pleased with our first quarter financial results based on the strong execution engine we have built across the company. 
Tomorrow is an important day in AMD's history, as we celebrate our 50th anniversary. This is a significant milestone for any company, but especially significant for a technology company. 2019 is arguably the most important year in our history as the $75 billion market for our high-performance Computing and Graphics products has never been larger. And our product portfolio has never been stronger. We are right where we planned to be with our multiyear road map, including our upcoming 7-nanometer Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC processors that can drive our next wave of revenue growth and share gains. We remain confident in our ability to continue delivering on our ambitious leadership road map for the PC, gaming and data center markets. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder, to provide some additional color on our first quarter financial performance. Devinder?

Sure, Matt. Thank you for the question. So yes, as it relates to how the year is developing, it's developing largely as we expected when we started the year. So relative to our Q2 guidance, we are guiding up 19% sequentially and every business is growing. That's coming from, if you look across the businesses, our client business is growing due to new platforms that are launching. Our Graphics business, the channel inventory has improved since we started the year, and we have our Server business which is really starting some early shipments of Rome in the second quarter going to the second half of the year. As it relates to the full year guidance and how we look at it, again, it's largely as we expected as we're laying out the year. There certainly is some discussion with our customers about some inventory in the Data Center especially here in the first half. When we developed them, our plan, our Data Center business was always more second half weighted, and continues to be so, because much of that is dependent on platforms that are launching around our Rome product portfolio. So we're going to continue to watch the Data Center overall environment, but at this point, we're focused on our products and our customers continue to have a very strong pull. There's a lot of interest in Rome. We're doing well on our qualifications and so we feel good about how that's developing.

Sure, Matt. So, yes. As we look at Q2, it is a bit of a transition in the product portfolio. It's an important quarter for us as we are preparing to launch our 7-nanometer products. In terms of the overall business, as I stated earlier, each of the businesses is growing for different reasons. I think starting with Server, again, it's the greatest percentage of growth, and it really is the start of some shipments of Rome. We expect that Rome will launch here in the third quarter and there's some preparations that need to be done for that. As we look at the Graphics business, again, the channel inventory situation has improved and so that we expect that the channel will be up here in the second quarter and then into the second half as we launch Navi. And in the Client business, we have a large number of platforms with our OEM customers that are launching here in the second quarter around our second-generation Ryzen mobile processors, and we're also in preparations for our third-generation Ryzen desktop as well.

Sure, Aaron. Look, as we look at the server market, we know very well that the data center market takes time to ramp with any new product. And so that's the way we have sort of built our plans. What we have previously stated is that, from, let's call it, at the beginning of this year, we'd expect that over the next 4 to 6 quarters, we would continue to ramp our server market share with a goal of getting to double-digit percentage share. As it relates to the Q1 quarter, again, we'll have to wait to see how the numbers come out. The Data Center business, for us, on the CPU side behaved as expected in Q1. But we did see some product mix shift, so Q4 was a large quarter for us in the Cloud business for our EPYC processors. And Q1, the mix shift did more to Enterprise and channel. And from that, the ASPs were higher, the units were lower and so again, largely as we would've expected.

Yes. Sure. So yes, we are very pleased with our partnership and expanding our partnership with Sony on their next-generation consoles. As we see the Semi-Custom business at this point, we still believe that it's going to be down substantially in 2019. Let's call it approximately 20% plus. And then as we go into 2020, without talking about any specific customer, we believe that Semi-Custom will return to a growth business for us in 2020 and beyond.

Sure. So as it relates to CPU shortages in the market, look, we see a little bit of that. I would say there are pockets of shortage, mostly at the low-end of the market, frankly. So from our standpoint, I don't believe it's a huge contributor to our business. As we look at the PC business, both in the first half and the second half of the year, we believe that the PC business can be a growth business for us. From a market environment standpoint, we believe the market is not too bad. We call it flat to slightly down. When we look at our product portfolio in the notebook space with our second-generation Ryzen platforms, I would believe we have much stronger platforms that are ramping through this year. And then in the desktop space, we believe we'll be very competitive as we've launched the third generation of Ryzen desktops. So I view the PC business as an important growth driver for us in 2019 and we see it as a good market for us.

Sure. So, as we stated, that the Data Center CPU and GPU business was about mid-teens percentage of revenue for us. Both businesses were down, as expected, in Q1 and much of that was the strength of the Q4 quarter, especially around the cloud. We mentioned in Q4 that the split between CPUs and GPUs was close. So they were close. As we look longer term for Data Center GPUs, and your question about the cloud streaming opportunity, we're very pleased with our partnership with Google. It's a result of several years of effort, where we were optimizing both hardware and software together. And so we think it's an important vertical for us. We are working with other customers in the cloud streaming area as well. So again, I think it's an interesting and important market over the next couple of years. We also have a number of other workloads that we feel good about as it relates to data center GPU, including HPC, especially when you combine our CPU and GPU portfolio together. We think HPC is a great workload for us and -- as well as machine learning. And we're working with, in machine learning, with a couple of leading cloud customers to, again, optimize our software to their needs. So again, the data center GPU market will continue to be an important driver for us over the next couple of years.

Yes, Stacy, let me start and I'll let Devinder comment. I should have mention Semi-Custom in that list as well. So Semi-Custom is going through a seasonal build. So although it will be down substantially year-over-year, it's still a seasonal build for us as we go from Q2 -- from Q1 into Q2. Devinder, maybe you want to comment as well?

Can I rank order the growth by business? That's probably a bit more granular than I would like to get, but I think it's fair to say that all businesses have to grow a decent amount to get to 19% sequential growth.

You would also -- I'm sorry, Stacy, I would just add. You would also expect Graphics is also a bit lower than corporate average on the consumer side.

Yes, it's really across all of the businesses.

Yes, David, so as it relates to the Semi-Custom business, as we go out in time, we do expect additional applications other than consoles, but consoles are a large piece of the business, and so you would expect that they would continue to be a large piece of the business.

No. We wouldn't have done that.

Yes, Joe. I think it's a bit early to talk about margins for the next generation. As you stated, the gross margins of the Console business are below corporate average. The operating margins are quite good because the customers are paying the engineering expenses for it. But I think the gross margins are below corporate average. We would expect, though, and I think you would expect this, as the company continues to grow, the percentage of the company that is Semi-Custom is lower than it has historically been.

The GPU Data Center business would be above corporate average and above our Consumer Graphics business.

Yes, absolutely, Mark. So look, when we think about our Server strategy and maybe our -- let me generalize it to our Data Center strategy overall. It is a multiyear, multigenerational road map. In terms of the workloads that we plan to address, we are -- in addition to the workloads that we do very, very well on, like, big data, data analytics and virtualization, high-performance computing, cloud workloads, I think we do quite well with general-purpose workloads too, as we move generations. So as we look at, for example, the Rome generation, the second generation of EPYC, we would expect address well 80%-plus of the workloads. As it relates to customization for server CPUs, there are varying degrees of customization that customers want, especially as you go through a number of the different cloud workloads that are out there. There are specific requirements that are there. We're very comfortable doing that. I think the customers have been deeply engaged with us since the first generation of EPYC. There is both software customization as well as some hardware customization that we go through. So -- and we feel very comfortable with our ability to address that across the Cloud and the Enterprise businesses. And then, as we go forward, I think we are also very excited about what we can do when we put our CPU and GPU portfolio together and really do system-level optimization for the Data Center. So we view that as a early opportunity for us but one where there is a lot of opportunity to help customers really optimize for very high-performance computing applications.

Yes, so Vivek, look, we understand that it's a very competitive market out there. It's always been very competitive and we are prepared for it to get even more competitive. When you look at our road map, I think we feel very comfortable with sort of our positioning. And the way I think about it, when it comes to the data center market, the price is only 1 factor and it's probably not the most important factor when people are choosing their next-generation products. The most important factor is really total cost of ownership, and the advantages that we have with our chiplet architecture and their 7-nanometer sort of process capabilities really have a great sort of power performance benefit. So we are -- as you say, we're prepared for a competitive environment, but we also feel that our product, from a performance standpoint and a positioning standpoint will be positioned quite well in the marketplace.

Yes. No, it's a great point. We certainly have deep engagements with both cloud and the OEMs. On the Enterprise customers, we sell through our OEM partners. The pushback that we get, I don't know if I would call it pushback. I would just say that Enterprise tends to move a bit more slowly than cloud. There are longer qualification cycles because there're qualification cycles on both the OEM side as well as the end customer side. We are continuing to build out our direct sales force as it relates to facing the Fortune 1000 customers and CIOs in that area. And I believe we will make progress in Enterprise. Certainly, as we go forward from the Naples generation into Rome, we'll have more platform coverage with our OEMs, and I think there will be more familiarity with our architecture as well as more software optimized to our architecture. So yes, we're very committed to the Enterprise market and expect that we will make progress with time.

Yes, so Blayne, I think, as I stated a little earlier, I think the Data Center business does tend to move slowly. So we would expect that there will be a good amount of time where we will have both Naples and Rome in market at the same point in time, and that just depends on qualification cycles, platform needs and some platforms are being refreshed right away. Some platforms are going to take a little bit longer to be refreshed. And so, from my standpoint, I think that Naples will continue to be important for us in 2019, even as we ramp Rome with our launch in the second half of the year.

Yes, so we do expect the Data Center GPU business to be a bit lumpy. We do have several sort of large customers that are ramping product with us, and there'll be some ebb and flow as we go on a quarterly basis. But on an annual basis, I think 2019 will certainly be -- we expect it to be significantly up from 2018. And the pipeline is good. So when we look at the pipeline, as I mentioned, cloud streaming is a good workload for us. Google is one customer, but we're working with other customers as well, and we also see HPC and machine learning as additional workloads that will be good for us in that business.

Yes, so Hans, we are excited about Navi. Navi is a new architecture for us in gaming. It has a lot of new features across the Navi architecture. Things are progressing well. We expect it to launch in the third quarter. From a positioning standpoint, I probably won't go through it in great detail right now other than to say that it is 7-nanometer Navi, but it will be positioned below where, for example, our Radeon VII is positioned today from a price point standpoint. And then in terms of ray tracing, again, we will talk more about our overall Navi road map as we get closer to the launch.

Yes, Kevin. So as we look at the new generations of Ryzen, our goal is certainly to improve the mix of the products, and so we think, as we improve the performance of the product, that we can improve that mix. Now the actual mix will vary, of course, depending on a number of things as we go through quarter by quarter, but certainly, as -- our goal is to continue to improve our penetration at the higher end of the PC processors.