Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. 2019 marked another major milestone in our multiyear journey. We delivered record annual revenue of $6.73 billion, and significantly increased both gross margin and net income as we successfully introduced and ramped the strongest product portfolio in our 50-year history. We grew clients and server processor annual revenue by $1.5 billion in 2019, driven largely by the strong demand for our 7-nanometer Ryzen and EPYC processors, powered by our Zen 2 processor core. 
Looking at the fourth quarter, we ended the year very strong with quarterly revenue increasing 50% year-over-year to a record $2.13 billion, while also significantly increasing net income. 
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Fourth quarter revenue increased 69% year-over-year to $1.66 billion. Ryzen processor adoption accelerated sharply in 2019, helping to drive significant double-digit percentage increases in client processor annual unit shipments, ASPs and revenue. We ended 2019 with our highest quarterly client processor unit shipments in more than 6 years based on strong demand for Ryzen desktop and mobile processors. 
In desktop, we had a very strong holiday season as our second- and third-generation Ryzen processors consistently held top sales spots at the largest global e-tailers and retailers. We launched our Ryzen 3950X processor and the 24- and 32-core versions of our third generation Ryzen Threadripper processors in November. Our 16-core Ryzen 3950X processor is the world's fastest mainstream desktop processor, while our latest Threadripper CPUs offer unmatched performance for the high-end desktop market. 
In January, we expanded our leadership position in the HEDT market with the launch our flagship 64-core Ryzen Threadripper processor, which is the world's highest performance desktop processor. 
In mobile, we had our eighth straight quarter of strong double-digit percentage year-over-year revenue growth as we expanded the number of AMD-powered laptops available for major OEMs. We began shipping our Ryzen 4000 mobile processors powered by our Zen 2 core at the end of the fourth quarter. These new processors double the performance per watt of our prior generation and deliver leadership single-threaded, multi-threaded and graphics performance for thin and light notebooks while enabling the industry's first ultrathin laptops with 8 cores. Initial systems featuring the Ryzen 4000 processors are expected to launch later this quarter, and more than 100 AMD-based consumer and commercial laptops are planned for 2020, from Acer, ASUS, Dell, HP, Lenovo and other major OEMs. 
In Graphics, fourth quarter unit shipments grew by a strong double-digit percentage year-over-year, driven by sales of our Radeon RX 5000 series GPUs, featuring our new RDNA architecture. We further expanded our portfolio of RDNA GPUs with the introductions of the 5500 XT and 5600 XT desktop graphics cards, highlighted by strong third-party reviews that clearly establish 5600 XT as the most powerful gaming GPU available for under $300. 
We launched our Radeon 5000M mobile GPUs in the quarter as well, and we are seeing solid design win momentum based on their strong performance and power efficiency. The first laptops powered by the new GPUs are available now, including the recently updated Apple MacBook Pro, and we expect many more notebooks featuring our Radeon 5000M GPUs to launch throughout 2020. 
Data center GPU revenue increased sequentially, driven by cloud, VDI and game streaming deployments. We announced a major update to our open-source GPU computing software stack in the fourth quarter, featuring performance optimizations, expanded development tools and support for the most popular machine learning frameworks. We continue making strategic software investments to make it easier for developers to tap into the full capabilities of our Radeon Instinct accelerators for HPC and AI applications. 
For the year, data center GPU revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage as we continue to make progress growing our presence in this important part of the market. 
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Revenue of $465 million increased 7% year-over-year, as EPYC processor revenue growth offset declines in semi-custom revenue. Semi-custom sales continued to soften in the quarter in advance of the next-generation console launches from Sony and Microsoft planned this year. For 2020, we expect first quarter semi-custom revenue to be negligible, and the ramp of next-generation semi-custom products to start in the second quarter, with revenue to be heavily weighted towards the second half of the year. 
In server, revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage as unit shipments and ASPs increased sequentially, driven by demand for our second-gen EPYC processors. Our second-gen EPYC processors are ramping significantly faster than the first generation as we see particular strength for our higher core count models where our performance and TCO advantages are the most significant. 
Cloud adoption with the largest providers continues to accelerate, driven by the expanding use of EPYC processors to power their critical internal workloads as well as a significant increase in the number of AMD-powered instances publicly available. Shipments to cloud providers increased sequentially by a significant double-digit percentage to support expanding build-outs at Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Oracle and Tencent. Microsoft announced the availability of 4 new virtual machines, and AWS announced 2 new EC2 instances powered by second-gen EPYC processors. 
In the Enterprise, Dell began shipping their full portfolio of servers powered by our latest EPYC processors. We have doubled the number of EPYC processor platforms in market to more than 100 offerings in the quarter. These new platforms are driving increased enterprise customer engagements, broadening our sales pipeline considerably. 
In HPC, we secured multiple large wins in the quarter based on our unmatched performance and scalability, highlighted by French, German and U.K. national supercomputing center deployments as well as the San Diego Supercomputing Center. 
We are pleased with the significant traction and momentum in our server business and remain on track to achieve our goal of double-digit percentage unit share by midyear based on the growing demand for our second-gen EPYC processors. 
I am very proud of our 2019 accomplishments as the successful ramps of our latest Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC processors resulted in record annual revenue and substantial increases in gross margin and net income. 
I want to take a moment to recognize the more than 11,000 AMDers around the world, whose focus and determination enabled us to achieve these results. We entered 2020 well positioned to continue gaining share across the PC, gaming and server markets based on having an unmatched portfolio of leadership products, spanning from desktops to laptops, data centers and game consoles. With more than 27-nanometer designs in production or development, we are very excited about our next wave of products that can accelerate our growth in 2020 and beyond. 
We are still in the early stages of our journey and remain focused on meeting our commitments as we establish AMD as the high-performance computing and graphics leader. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial performance.

Yes, Vivek, thank you for the questions. So, look, we are very pleased with how Rome is ramping. We've been in market now 4 to 5 months, and the visibility that we have is -- with the cloud guys, we have visibility to the public-facing instances as well as what they're doing in terms of internal workloads. And what we see is just the breadth of the overall workloads that are -- that they're using Rome with is expanding. And then on the enterprise side, with the full portfolio of our partners, HPE, Dell, Lenovo and the ODM partners, we see just a significantly -- significant increase in the overall enterprise pipeline that we have for Rome. So we're very focused on continuing to grow share in the data center market, and we feel good about our mid-year market share targets. 
In terms of our market share targets, Vivek, I think we'll talk a little bit more at our Financial Analyst Day about some of the longer-term targets. But certainly, for 2020, we're very focused on growing our overall data center share.

Yes. So when we look at the PC market, we finished 2019 very strong in the overall PC market, both mobile and desktop. I think that's primarily on the strength of the product portfolio and the expanding customer platforms that we have. There are some discussions about, let's call it, pockets of shortages. But as I said before, I don't believe -- we've been on this steady increase in market share now for the last 8 quarters, and we believe we gained share in Q4 as well. So I think what we see is just the portfolio getting a lot stronger. 
As we go into 2020, I think we are, again, enthusiastic about our products. In addition to the Zen 2-based desktop products, we've added Zen 2 now in the notebook portfolio, and we'll have that for the full year of 2020. So I think our outlook expects growth in all businesses, including the PC business. And we remain very focused on expanding our market presence in both consumer as well as commercial PCs.

Sure, sure. So let me talk first about the market, and then talk a little bit about how we're seeing the full year. So if you look at the PC market, I think, the discussion so far has been, let's call it, 2020, flat to maybe down slightly. There has been some concern raised about the second half of '20 perhaps be weakened -- weaker than normal seasonality just due to some of the enterprise refresh cycles that are strong in the first half. We're viewing it as flat -- flattish, maybe down very slightly. 
That being the case, back to the comment I made with Vivek, I think we feel very good about our product portfolio, and especially when we look at sort of our notebook share and our relative opportunity to gain market share. The strength of our Ryzen 4000 series products is significantly stronger than previous generations, and the platforms are also significantly broader. So we feel good about that. 
In the data center market, again, I would say that the growth of computing continues. From our standpoint, we see it as a good market environment for data center in both cloud as well as enterprise. When we look at our full year revenue guide of approximately 28% to 30% for the year, the highest growth from a percentage standpoint will obviously be server, just given the expectations in that market. But we expect all of our businesses to grow nicely in 2020. And that's just, again, based on where we are in the product cycle and the visibility that we have with customer design wins as well as just overall competitiveness.

Yes. No, I think -- I just said, Devinder, the semi-custom margins tend to be below corporate average on a gross margin basis. Although, on an operating margin basis, given the contribution from our customers for the R&D, is actually quite good. As it relates generation to generation, the way to think about it is, in the first year of a console ramp, you would expect the margins to be on the lower side. And that's true no matter what, just because you're just starting the product ramp. And you should expect that the margins will get better as that ramp continues over time.

Sure. So look, Matt, we're pretty excited about 2020. It's a strong year for us, certainly, with the expectations of being around 28% to 30% revenue growth. We do expect all of our businesses to grow. I think relative to the Q1 guide, if you look at Q1 as an absolute number, it is up over 40% year-on-year, even with semi-custom revenues very low in Q1. And so that should give you an idea of the strength of the rest of the business. 
From a sequential basis, Q4 to Q1, it's what we said on the call. There is some bit of normal seasonality, just as we are consumer-focused in our PC portfolio. So you expect that, that would go down from Q4 to Q1. And then we do have the factor that the semi-custom profile when we're doing a product transition has the revenue very low in Q1. It starts ramp in Q2, but it's very heavily weighted in the second half of the year. So you should think about semi-custom for this year, again, it's a ramp year, so it's a little bit different, that over 80% of the revenue for semi-custom will be in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. So overall, we think a very strong year. A little bit of reprofiling of revenue, particularly as it relates to semi-custom. And we look forward to executing it.

Matt, the only thing I'll add to that is for the data center revenue, particularly in Q4, it was very heavily weighted towards server CPU, just given some of the lumpiness of the data center GPU revenue.

Yes. So Mark, as it relates to just server rate and pace, I think the most important thing for us is when we look at from time of announcement or time of shipment to how customers actually deploy and trying to shorten that cycle. So when I look at the difference between, let's call it, Rome and Naples, we've seen that time to deploy actually significantly shortened with Rome. And so in terms of rate and pace of server share gain, it is primarily for cloud customers. It is having them deployed, not just sort of a set of instances, but ensuring that they get fully built out across all regions in the world, and also adding additional workloads. So it's just time is what I would say. 
And then as it relates to Enterprise customers, I think the platform coverage that we have with Rome is significantly broader than it was with Naples. And so I'm quite encouraged, actually, by the strength of the pipeline that we see, the number of customers that are engaged, and then just how they're deploying. So I think we're going at a good pace, and we'll continue to accelerate that as we go through 2020.

No, that's good, Stacy. I was just going to add to what Devinder said. So we don't expect the client notebook mix to fully cut over to the new 7-nanometer products until later in the year. And in terms of opportunities to improve margins, it is definitely product mix. So higher mix of server as well as higher mix of, let's call it, Ryzen 7s and Ryzen 5s versus some of the legacy products.

Well, I think, as I perhaps answered to one of the earlier questions, when I look at the full year at 28% to 30% sort of revenue growth, expect server to be significantly above that. And then the rest of the businesses are all going to grow nicely. And so you would expect significant double-digit growth in the client business as well as in the semi-custom business. And overall, we see the aggregate of it to be a very strong year. So it is not all console-weighted, if that's what you're asking.

I would say, in aggregate, you will see -- so let me help you with this way. So what we said in 2019 is, 2019, overall, we grew 4% on an annual basis, but excluding semi-custom, we grew over 20% through all the rest of the businesses. If I do that same type of calculation, excluding semi-custom for 2020, we would still say the rest of the businesses would grow greater than 20%.

Yes. David, I think what you're asking is we would expect that the Computing and Graphics segment would be down sequentially due to seasonality, and we would expect that server CPUs should be up because we're continuing to ramp those processors sequentially.

Yes. So in 2019, we launched our new architecture in GPUs, it's the RDNA architecture, and that was the Navi-based products. You should expect that those will be refreshed in 2020, and we'll have next-generation RDNA architecture that will be part of our 2020 lineup. So we're pretty excited about that, and we'll talk more about that at our Financial Analyst Day. 
And on the data center GPU side, you should also expect that we'll have some new products in the second half of this year.

And I think, Joe, maybe just to answer your question in terms of what we expect in consumer graphics. I think -- look, we're investing in consumer graphics. We think gaming is a very important segment, whether we're talking about consoles or discrete graphics. And the work that we're doing around the RDNA architecture and the future generations of RDNA architecture we believe will continue to improve our offerings for both consumer graphics as well as data center graphics.

Yes. So we do think there's some pent-up demand for the next generation of consoles. Without forecasting what our customers are planning, I would say they're both -- we're planning for a strong first year, and we'll have to see how things develop as we go through the ramp. But the overall sentiment is that there has been, let's call it, a lull in console sales in the second half of 2019 going into in 2020, sort of -- for some of this anticipation of the next generation.

Yes. So I did say that semi-custom should grow double-digit as well. And again, it's a strong year for us. And then as it relates to content, again, it's fair to say that there is additional content in this generation versus previous generation.

Yes. So we just completed the fourth quarter, and it was a very strong quarter for us, record revenue for the company. And I would say about half of that revenue was 7-nanometer-based, and the other half, not yet. And so there is still a significant ramp as we go into 2020. But we're pleased with how quickly we ramped in 2019.

I think if you -- maybe Devinder, you...

All right. So I think if you look at it, the predominant factor, if you're talking about Q1 guide at 46% versus full year at 45%, it's just as we wrap those consoles, there are some -- yes, there's some impact of that. As it relates to the pricing environment and what we're expecting, we're expecting a competitive pricing environment, and that's the way we built our model. So we've always expected that the competition will be very aggressive on both the CPU as well as the GPU side. And that is part of the inherent model for the company.

Yes. So I think that's actually a good way of talking about the opportunity, John. I think the CPU opportunity is very immediate and in front of us as we look at the opportunities with Rome and the expanding opportunities. I think the data center GPU market continues to be an important growth vector for us, and now I call that over the several-year horizon. So when you look at the opportunities that we have, when we combine our CPU and GPU IP together, they're very, very strong. I mean, for example, this is the reason that we won the Oak Ridge National Lab Supercomputer with Frontier, which were actually both a CPU and a GPU win, and some of the optimization that we've done with that overall system. We think that there are additional opportunities like that as well as machine learning and AI opportunities. Our focus there has been to work with large cloud providers to optimize the machine learning frameworks. And we had some key milestones that we completed in the fourth quarter that will continue to be a focus for us in 2020 and beyond.

Yes. I think you should expect that we will have additional sort of customer announcements outside of cloud gaming.

Yes. So I'm not sure I'm going to forecast a share target for 2020. I will say though, if you take a look back at the last 8 quarters, we've been on a fairly steady share gain in PCs, somewhere between -- depending on the quarter, let's call it, 50 to 100 basis points per quarter, and that changes between desktop and notebook. I think we grew somewhere on the order of 4 points a share. So we believe that we still have additional opportunities, and particularly, our focus is going to be both notebook as well as commercial. And those are good opportunities for us and play well to our new Ryzen 4000 mobile processors.

Yes, sure, Mitch. So look, I think you're right. When you look at the semi-custom business in the fourth quarter, it is -- it was a bit softer than originally anticipated. So we had originally said last quarter that we thought the second half of the year would be down high-30s, and we were actually down more than that for the second half of the year and for Q4. And as it relates to mix of cloud versus enterprise for 2020, I mean, it will move around from quarter-to-quarter. But I think the best guess at this point is, let's call it, roughly even between the two.

Yes. So TSMC has supported us very well through the first couple of quarters of our 7-nanometer ramp here in 2019. I think, as we go into 2020, there will certainly be a significant growth for us in 7-nanometer. Our current visibility supports the revenue guide that we gave you. It is fair to say that wafer supply is tight, and so it's really important for us to be planning well with our customers, and that's what we're working on.