Thank you, Laura. And good afternoon to all of those listening in today. We started 2018 with excellent financial results as we delivered our third straight quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue growth. First quarter revenue of $1.65 billion grew 40% year-over-year. Gross margin improved 4 percentage points, and earnings per share increased significantly based on very strong operating and net income growth. 
Our strong first quarter financial results demonstrate that our long-term strategy is paying off. We are executing consistently on our product roadmap. Our customers are increasingly adopting our new products, and we are strengthening the foundation of AMD with the right long-term investments.
Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment in the quarter. Excellent momentum for our premium product portfolio drove double-digit year-over-year and sequential revenue growth. Client processor sales were significantly better than seasonality, as Ryzen processor shipments grew year-over-year and sequentially. Ryzen processors accounted for 60% of our overall client processor revenue, up from the low 40%s in Q4, with desktop and notebook client processor ASPs increasing. Product execution was strong in the quarter as we expanded our Ryzen processor portfolio with new high-performance products. We launched the first AMD Ryzen desktop APUs, combining the power of our Zen CPU and Vega GPU on a single chip, delivering the world's most powerful graphics on a desktop processor, with the Ryzen desktop 2400G. Initial sales were strong in the component channel, which contributed of the significant Ryzen processor sales increase in the quarter. Additionally, we began shipments of our second-generation Ryzen desktop CPUs based on our 12-nanometer Zen Plus architecture, delivering outstanding gaming performance and best-in-class multiprocessing leadership for gamers, creators and hardware enthusiasts. Ryzen mobile unit shipments also ramped in the quarter ahead of OEM system launches planned for Q2, driving double-digit increases in our mobile processor unit shipments, both year-over-year and sequentially. Initial Acer, HP and Lenovo platforms had strong sales in the quarter, and Dell released new notebooks and 2-in-1s in early April that further expanded our Ryzen portfolio. Additionally, our first Ryzen PRO commercial notebooks are expected to launch in Q2. Dell, HP and Lenovo are all planning to offer AMD-based commercial notebooks based on the excellent performance and features of this new APU. 
Overall, the number of Ryzen-based systems from OEMs continues to grow. In Q2 alone, we expect 25 new Ryzen-based consumer and commercial notebooks to launch, and our customers remain on track to bring a total of 60 Ryzen-based systems to market by the end of the year. 
In Graphics, we delivered strong year-over-year revenue growth as ASP and unit shipments increased significantly. On a sequential basis, revenue increased and we outperformed seasonality with strong Radeon Vega and 500 series channel sales, driven by both gaming and blockchain demand. Gaming continues to be a top priority for us, with growth being driven by the expanding number of PC gamers and increasing demand for graphics performance to deliver more immersive experiences. Demand for our Radeon series of graphics products remained strong as new AAA game titles, such as Far Cry 5, were released. We continued our investments in gaming software and released our Radeon e-sports experience, providing a performance uplift on popular e-sports games such as Fortnite, PUBG, Dota 2 and Overwatch. We continue to see a significant demand for our Radeon Vega graphics family, as customers accelerate their RAMs based on increasing availability of our high-performing GPUs, with more supply coming to market. 
In professional graphics, HP and Dell both expanded their AMD Radeon Pro workstation portfolio offerings in the quarter, including HP's launch of new Zbook thin and light mobile workstations powered by the AMD Radeon Pro WX 3100. 
Our machine learning strategy continues to gain momentum. Mega data center partners are validating and testing our Radeon Instinct MI25 for deep learning applications, and we introduced our Radeon Open Compute ecosystem, ROCm 1.7, a top-to-bottom open solution software stack for machine learning. I'm also happy to report that our next-generation 7-nanometer Radeon Instinct product, optimized for machine learning workloads, is running in our labs, and we remain on track to provide samples to customers later this year. 
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment. Q1 revenue decreased year-over-year, due to lower semi-custom revenue, as expected, based on a maturity of the current game console cycle, and increased sequentially. In the quarter, Microsoft announced support for our industry-leading Radeon FreeSync technology in their Xbox One S and Xbox One X consoles, delivering stutter free gaming experiences. Server revenue increased double-digit percentage sequentially across mega data center, OEM and channel customers. EPYC processor unit shipments nearly doubled from the previous quarter. We continue to grow our data center momentum with dozens of new design wins across key workloads, including HPC, storage, virtualization and cloud applications. Dell EMC launched 3 of their newest PowerEdge platforms, powering virtualized storage area networks, hybrid cloud applications, dense virtualization and big data analytics with EPYC 7,000 series processors. Recently, supercomputing leader, Cray, announced that it added EPYC processors to its Cray CS500 line of HPC offerings. The Cray announcement pops off a very active quarter in HPC and big data, building on workload momentum in automotive simulations, university clusters and health care. And multiple mega data center customers passed key production milestones as they look to expand their deployments of EPYC-powered instances this year. 
To date, there are more than 40 EPYC-based platforms in market, and we are actively working with OEMs, system integrators and channel partners to increase deployment to end customers. We remain focused on achieving mid-single-digit server unit share by the end of 2018.
Our Embedded business delivered increased revenue, unit shipments and ASPs, year-over-year and sequentially, as we introduced 2 new product families: the EPYC Embedded 3000 and the Ryzen Embedded V1000 processors, to enable a new class of thin clients, IoT and other Embedded solutions. 
In closing, we are extremely pleased with our first quarter financial results and strong product execution. We believe 2018 is shaping up to be an excellent year for AMD with continued revenue growth and margin expansion driven by significant demand for our high-performance Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC products. Looking forward, we are confident that we have the right long-term strategy to deliver sustained revenue and profitability growth. The market TAM in high-performance computing will grow to over $75 billion over the next few years, including high-growth segments, like gaming, data center, machine learning and artificial intelligence. We have built a strong execution engine, and we will continue to make significant investments in hardware and software to deliver an even more compelling roadmap for our customers in 2019 and beyond. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder, to provide some additional color on our first quarter financial performance.

Yes, absolutely, Vivek. Thanks for the questions. So look, on EPYC, we did make a very nice progress in the quarter. I think when you look at it from a revenue standpoint, it's a strong double-digit percentage. There is -- we certainly view that the units increasing is also very positive thing. The traction actually is across all areas. So we saw traction in Enterprise sort of end-user deployments. We saw some channel and system integrator deployments as well as hyperscale deployments. And our goal is to get to mid-single-digit share by the end of this year. I think we are making good progress towards that. What we're working with customers now is just going through their various stages of qualifications. So they go from proof of concept to initial deployment then to large volume deployment. And we're in that initial deployment phase. And so I think we're making good progress, and it is -- there are no real pushbacks other than just time going through the classification process and working with them in their environments to make sure that we get fully qualified.

Yes. So Vivek, I think the very strong part of our roadmap right now is we're really playing across the entire portfolio. So from, let's call it, the low end of the server market, the entry level, all the way through the high-end 2-piece SKUs. So the pricing on -- that we're seeing in the market is very reasonable. From our standpoint, they are -- we're providing value to the customer, but they're also very accretive to the margins of our own overall business. So yes, the pricing environment is good.

Thanks, Vivek.

Yes, Mark. So look, we -- we're making very good progress on Ryzen. I think we're very pleased with the Q1 results and then what we see going into Q2 in the second half. It is true that up until this quarter, much of our progress has been in the channel and in the desktop portion of the business. We saw a nice increase this quarter in notebooks and what it is, is many of the OEMs are actually launching systems in Q2. And with that, we had -- they're basically building up their production for the second quarter launches. What you're going to see in the second quarter is a number of impressive premium consumer designs, thin and light designs that, I think, are representative of the strength of the product. And we will also see the first launch of the commercial systems from the top OEMs. And the expectation is that the commercial notebooks will kick in, in the second half of the year. Q2 is more of a consumer cycle. But overall, I think we're seeing that the notebook OEM opportunity is a good one. We have strong design wins. The customers are working closely with us. We're doing a lot of work with retailers and the overall go-to-market to ensure that the notebook opportunity is important. And notebook is larger than desktop overall.

Sure, Mark. So on the service side, the cadence of deployments does tend to be longer. I think we're well into the cadence, and so I think the EPYC work with the OEMs, you saw the culmination of that with HPE announcing in December, and then Dell announcing in the first quarter. That will now move over into Enterprise customers, who are then taking their systems into their labs and doing their initial deployments. So I think the cadence is over a number of quarters. I will say, for the first-generation EPYC, we're seeing really nice customer interest, and it's quite broad. And so it is across Enterprise as well as the hyperscale customers. And we view this as a multigenerational play, so we're very excited about what EPYC can do over the next couple of quarters. But we also believe that this is the right investment to make with the customer set as we bring out the second generation of EPYC and the third generation of EPYC, obviously, it would go a little bit faster because the customer set is familiar with our system.

Sure, John. So look, on the blockchain, there is a lot of discussion about this. From our standpoint, we stay very, very close to the customer set with -- in the graphic space. And so we spend time with the commercial miners as well as spending time with our partners. And the way we look at this, our first priority when we look at allocation of graphics cards is to gamers. And so that's through OEMs, that's through system integrators that's also working with key e-tailers to make sure that they are prioritizing the gamers segment, and we're going to continue to do that. And so that's one piece that we know well. We also work directly with the commercial miners. And so we see kind of what their forecasts are and they work with us. And so that's -- that we have good visibility on. There is a piece that go through retail that it's hard to tell whether that's gaming or mining, but we believe we have a good sense of what that is. So it is an approximation, but we think it's a good approximation of where we are. And then to your longer-term question, I do think the blockchain infrastructure is here to stay. I think there are numerous currencies, there are numerous applications that are using the blockchain technology. We don't see a significant risk of GPU -- secondhand GPUs coming into the market. I think what you find is that, one, there are number of different currencies; and two, a lot of these users that are buying GPUs these days are actually buying them for multiple use cases, both commercial and consumer. So they're not necessarily buying just for mining. And I think for that reason, we do think this is a different cycle. That being the case, we do see a bit of volatility in it and that's why we are putting into our forecast for the second quarter and the second half, a little bit lower blockchain demand but that's more than made up for by the other new products and the way the new products are ramping in the business.

Sure, David. So in our second quarter guidance, we're actually assuming that Ryzen and EPYC are up, and Semi-Custom is also up seasonally, and we expect graphics to be down modestly based on some of the blockchain demand.

Sure. That's a lot, David, but let me say a couple things. I think relative to our CPU business, and we are launching additional Ryzen-based products in the second half of the year, we just launched the second-generation Ryzen desktop in 12-nanometer. And that launch has gone really well. I mean, we're very happy with the positioning and how customers are reacting to that. In the second half, we'll have some commercial systems and some other updates to our Ryzen lineup that we will launch. We have a 7-nanometer GPU based on Vega that we'll sample later this year. We have a 7-nanometer server, a CPU that we'll sample later this year. And then obviously, we have a number of products that are planned for 2019 as well. So it's a very, very busy product season for us, but we're pleased with the sort of the execution on the product roadmap.

Yes, sure, Stacy. So I think from the investment side, certainly we're investing in R&D on the CPU and the GPU side, but a key focus for us is in software, and particularly, machine learning software. I think there's a high demand of people wanting to use our GPUs in the compute space, and so we're increasing our investments in software around machine learning.

Yes, absolutely, Tim. So look, when you look at -- I think most people are comparing this sort of -- this blockchain time period to the last one, which is a couple of years ago. And I think there are a couple of important differences. I think the first one is that there are multiple currencies and multiple applications that are being used. And what we've seen is that people who are mining do go from one currency to another depending on what's happening. We're also seeing that many users on both the commercial and consumer side are actually buying GPUs for multiple use cases. And from that standpoint, again, we see that there is good demand for, not just blockchain, but for gaming, for the cloud and for those things as well. And so I think it's a balanced assessment of where we are. I think the breadth of the blockchain applications and also the breadth of the customer base give us that belief. Now as you go forward, there's also a -- when we look at the Graphics business go forward minus blockchain, we actually see a very good environment. We see a good environment for gaming growing, we see a good environment for GPU compute growing. And frankly, on the gaming side, some of those users have not been able to get access to GPUs and so, again, that's -- those are all positives as we go forward. And then you had a second question, Tim?

So our foundry strategy is to use both TSMC and GLOBALFOUNDRIES on the first 7-nanometer product. We are using TSMC for that product, and we have a very strong relationship with them. And so we do see a good momentum on it from what we see, and I'm not concerned about capacity.

Yes, Harlan. So Embedded is a nice segment, you're absolutely right. I think it's a margin-accretive segment to us. The end markets that we ship into, there are thin clients, they are places where you need graphics for displays, so there's some Embedded displays that we ship into there. It's still a small business for us, but we actually believe, in addition to the goodness around Ryzen and EPYC, when we launch those products, Ryzen and EPYC Embedded, we actually saw very strong interest from customers. And so we think as the product strength in our PC and our server business increased, they will also help that Embedded solutions business overall. So I would think it's still a small piece of the business, but we believe it will be a nice growing margin accretive portion of the business over the next couple of years.

Yes. So in terms of the client business, we saw units up overall. We saw ASPs up overall, and they were up in both desktop and mobile. And when you look underneath that, I think, what -- the main thing is we're seeing a larger mix of the business become Ryzen. So in the fourth quarter, we had stated that the Ryzen mix of the client business was kind of in the low 40s. And so we had in notebook a lot of legacy product that we're still shipping, and in desktop, we had some legacy product that we're still shipping. As we move over to the first quarter, the notebook mix has mixed nicely into Ryzen, and the desktop is now mixed very nicely into Ryzen as well. So overall, that's what led to the ASP increase. I think the second generation Ryzen is a very, very good product. I think it's -- it actually -- when you look at the first generation Ryzen, we were very good on multithreaded performance, but there were some detractors around single threaded and gaming performance. I think the second generation Ryzen is actually much more competitive on gaming performance. So we do see an opportunity for that to help us increase share in the desktop business, and certainly, that would be accretive to margin.

Yes. So all of the sales this year will be around of the current generation of Ryzen, and so that gets us to the mid-single-digit share. 7-nanometer Zen 2-based product we'll sample later this year to customers and that will be in production in 2019, and we do believe that the adoption rate of the second generation could potentially be higher than the adoption rate of the first generation, mostly because customers will be more familiar with our systems and our products. And so we'll see how it goes, but we certainly -- our overall goals are ambitious in the server space. And so this year, its first generation Ryzen, next year, we'll mix in the 7-nanometer, second-generation -- I'm sorry, first generation EPYC. And next year, we'll mix in the second generation of the EPYC products.

Sure. So the AI market is certainly growing very, very fast. Relative to the competitive landscape, we are a new entrant. I think our GPU compute hardware is very good. I think we have a strong roadmap that we are -- we're putting in place for that. I think on the software side, we have more work to do, and we're making significant investments in some of the machine learning frameworks, such as Tensor Flow and Caffe, and some of these key frameworks, to ensure that we make it easier to adopt our solutions. But we see this is a multiyear, really, opportunity for us. So GPU compute will continue to be a focus area for us. We think we can be very competitive and we're going to continue to invest in this area. As it relates to, let's call it, non-GPU solutions, I think there will -- the landscape says there will be some ASIC solutions in the marketplace, but I view that as complementary to the GPU solutions and, from that standpoint, I think we have the CPUs, we have GPUs, and then we have the ability to connect heterogeneously to these other elements. So yes, from our standpoint again, we see this as a market that very much fits our capability, and we will continue to invest in it.

Yes. So you're correct. There is a proposal in the -- at the shareholder meeting. It is not going to be dilutive to begin with, and it's really good housekeeping. We don't have any particular plans at this point.

Yes. So I think last year, we announced a partnership with Baidu to do software optimizations of -- for machine learning. And we have several other partnerships with others in this area. So there's a lot of interest. I think the time for meaningful revenue, we will see some revenue in the second half of the year and that's part of the growth in the margin expansion story. And I think into 2019 and 2020, this will be continue an area of growth for us.

Yes, so the channel inventory did -- the channel inventory was at very, very low levels going into the quarter, and frankly, it was hard to get the GPU -- it was hard to get GPUs. I think if you look now on typical retailer/e-tailer sites, the channel inventory is good. And I think there was an element of channel replenishment, but from what we see of inventory levels today, they're, I would say, normal.

Maybe somewhere between 4 and 5 weeks.

Sure, Hans. So on the microprocessor side, I think, with the competitive landscape, as we see it, Ryzen and EPYC are very competitive. And we've seen that in head-to-head design opportunities. I think from a CPU standpoint, we're very pleased with that. I think second generation Ryzen in 12-nanometer actually improves the overall performance, and so we like how that positions us on the PC side. I think as we look forward, and I think this is important, we believe that the 7-nanometer capability of The Foundry ecosystem is very good, and that puts us in a good competitive spot from a manufacturing standpoint. And then on the design side, obviously, we have things that we're planning. And so I see the competitive environment as one that is as good, and we're going to work very hard to make sure that it gets better over time. Obviously, we take the competition very seriously. Oh, yes, and the second question -- sorry, about that, Hans -- on Spectre. We have spent a good amount of time with our customer set to make sure that they're fully protected on Spectre. We've actually released a number of software mitigations already to our OEM customers and to our partners. They're in the process of deploying. So I think it took a lot of energy, certainly, we spent a lot of time on it and our customer set spent time on it. But we don't see any long-term effects. It's more that we want to make sure to get the work done quickly, and that's been our focus.

Yes. So we did, and as I mentioned, have some mobile product shipped ahead of OEM system launches in the second quarter. But we see this really as the beginning of the Ryzen ramp. So my expectation is that the client or the Ryzen portion of our business will be up in the second quarter and it will be up in the second half. And so it's the beginning of the notebook ramp.

I think, Blayne, just as a point of clarification on this point. From an IP standpoint, we're not forecasting IP either here in the second quarter or into the second half. I think as Devinder said, we do have some IP arrangements that we're working on, and depending on when those milestones complete, we will then sort of forecast it into the business.

It is -- yes, Gus, it is primarily performance improvement, and it is some design improvements. So you see some of the latency improvements and so on. It is not a die shrink.