Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. 2018 marked another year of strong financial performance, driven by our expanded high-performance product portfolio despite near-term graphics weakness. We grew annual revenue by 23%, with Ryzen, EPYC and data center GPU product revenue growing by more than $1.2 billion for the year. Our new products gained share and significantly expanded gross margin, leading to our most profitable year since 2011. 
Looking at the fourth quarter, revenue of $1.42 billion increased 6% from a year ago, with approximately 65% of sales coming from our new products. We reached an important milestone in our business in the quarter as our high-margin data center CPUs and GPUs accounted for a mid-teens percentage of overall revenue. While we expect our data center revenue to be lumpy, the ramp of our data center business is beginning to contribute meaningfully to our financial results. 
Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, we delivered our eighth straight quarter of year-over-year segment revenue growth. Sales of Ryzen desktop and notebook processors and data center GPUs offset lower GPU sales as the channel continued working through elevated levels of graphics inventory. Client processor unit shipments grew by more than 50% from the year-ago period. We had our highest client computing revenue in more than 4 years, and we believe we gained client CPU unit share for the fifth straight quarter. 
At CES, Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Huawei, Lenovo and Samsung, all launched notebooks powered by our new second-generation Ryzen mobile processor with Radeon Vega graphics. The second-gen Ryzen mobile processor delivers more performance, enhanced features and longer battery life than any mobile processor we have ever built and is the fastest processor available for ultrathin notebooks. 
The industry's first AMD-based Chromebooks launched earlier this quarter from Acer and HP. We expect additional AMD-based Chromebooks to launch later this year as we expand our participation in this growing portion of the PC market. 
Based on the competitive positioning of our Ryzen processors, we expect the number of Ryzen systems that we'll launch in 2019 to increase by more than 30% from 2018, with a number of Ryzen notebook systems planned to launch increasing by more than 50%. 
In graphics, GPU revenue decreased year-over-year, driven largely by lower channel GPU and memory sales, partially offset by a significant increase in data center GPU sales. We saw an improvement in channel GPU sellouts throughout the quarter as our partners continue to drain their inventory. There is still more work to do, but we remain confident we're taking the right actions to further reduce channel inventory. 
We set a record for professional GPU revenue in the quarter, driven by multiple high-volume wins for our Vega-based data center GPUs. We started shipping our new 7-nanometer Radeon Instinct accelerators in the quarter and introduced a major set of enhancements to our data center GPU software that make it easier for customers to deploy Radeon GPUs for AI and machine learning workloads. 
At CES, we highlighted the significant gaming momentum we are generating for Radeon across consoles, PCs and the cloud. For gamers and creators, we announced our return to the high-end GPU market with the new Radeon VII GPU. Powered by our second-generation Vega graphics core and featuring 16 gigabytes of second-generation high-bandwidth memory, our new 7-nanometer Radeon VII GPU delivers leadership performance in content creation and compute workloads, and is very competitively positioned when running the most demanding AAA games at 4K resolution. In cloud gaming, we announced that Google selected Radeon Pro GPUs to power their game streaming initiative, Project Stream. The performance and differentiated virtualization features of our Radeon Pro GPUs enabled Google to deliver an uncompromised high definition gaming experience on virtually any PC. 
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segments, revenue was flat from a year ago as a double-digit percentage decrease in semi-custom revenue was offset by strong growth in EPYC processor sales. As expected, semi-custom sales were down from a year ago based on where we are in the current console cycle. This console generation remains one of the most successful ever as Microsoft and Sony combined have now shipped well in excess of 120 million AMD-powered consoles. Fourth quarter server unit shipments more than doubled sequentially based on growing demand for our highest-end 32-core EPYC processors with cloud, HPC and virtualized enterprise customers. As a result, we believe we achieved our goal of mid-single-digit server unit share exiting 2018. 
We had another strong quarter of cloud adoption, highlighted by industry-leader Amazon announcing new versions of their most popular EC2 computing instances powered by EPYC processors. Businesses can easily migrate their AWS instances to AMD and save 10% or more based on the technology advantages of our platform. 
Microsoft Azure also announced general availability of their AMD-based storage instance in the quarter as well as a new HPC instance, powered by EPYC processors that is 33% faster than competitive x86 offerings. We secured multiple HPC wins in the quarter, including Procter & Gamble, the U.S. Department of Energy and one of Europe's largest supercomputers at the University of Stuttgart's High-Performance Computing Center. Lawrence Livermore labs also announced a new supercomputer featuring both EPYC processors and Radeon Instinct accelerators that will be used for machine learning and big data analytics workloads. 
Customer interest in our next-generation Rome server processor remains very high. Rome is expected to deliver 4x the floating-point performance and double the compute performance per socket compared to our current-generation EPYC processors. We publicly demonstrated a single 64-core next-generation EPYC processor outperforming 2 of our competitors' highest-end server processors in multiple workloads. Rome development is proceeding very well, and we are on track to start shipments midyear. 
I am also pleased to report that we concluded discussions with GLOBALFOUNDRIES on the seventh amendment to our Wafer Supply Agreement. The amendment affirms the strategic partnership with GF for products built at 12-nanometers and above and provides AMD with full sourcing flexibility at the 7-nanometer and below nodes. GF continues to be a critical supplier of AMD's current-generation products and will play a key role in our next-generation Ryzen and EPYC products with our triplet strategy. 
In summary, 2018 was another strong year for AMD. Increased adoption of our high-performance products drove a second straight year of double-digit annual revenue growth, expanded gross margins and improved profitability. I would like to thank the more than 10,000 AMD employees whose dedication to building great products have made these results possible. 
While headwinds remain in the graphics channel and macro uncertainties are causing some caution in the first half of 2019, we believe we are well positioned to gain share throughout the year and accelerate growth as we ramp our next-generation 7-nanometer products. 
As we enter 2019, we are preparing to launch our strongest product portfolio ever. In gaming, we will launch our high-end Radeon VII GPU in February, followed by our next-generation Navi GPUs later in the year. In client computing, we started the year with our second-generation Ryzen mobile processors, and we are on track to launch our third-generation Ryzen desktop processors in the middle of the year. And in the server market, we expect to deliver a significant step function performance increase with the launch of our next-generation Rome processors in the middle of the year. 
I am very proud of what we accomplished in 2018 and even more excited about how our long-term investments are set to pay off in 2019. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial performance. Devinder?

Sure. Thank you for the questions. So relative to the full year guidance of up high single digits, the primary growth drivers are Ryzen and EPYC, are the 2 largest growth drivers. With data center GPU also, we're expecting that to be up. And then we would expect that semi-custom will be down. If you look at the life cycle, semi-custom will be in the seventh year of the console cycle, and so we expect semi-custom to be down approximately 20% and then we would expect consumer graphics to also be down, let's call it, double digits as we really burn off some of the channel inventory that we see in the first half of the year. So Ryzen and EPYC are the large drivers of the growth. And that's as we launch our 7-nanometer products throughout the year. And then your second question, Toshi, was?

Yes, it's primarily due to mix. So the mix of the higher-margin new products, Ryzen, EPYC, and the data center GPUs.

Yes, absolutely, Matt. Look, I think, as it relates to the market, I don't think we would have a very different view of the market as others may have stated. Our story really is a share gain story. And when you take a look at sort of the progress that we'd made in 2018 and the design wins that we had in 2018, as we go over to 2019, when we look at both Rome as well as Ryzen, we look at sort of the breadth of OEM platforms that we have, the customer engagements by workload and sort of how we see that progressing. We feel very good about the opportunity to gain share as we go through the year, particularly given how competitive the products set is. Similarly, on the PC side, we've made nice progress over the last 4, 5 quarters. On Ryzen, we started strong on desktop, and then the last couple of quarters, we've made good progress on notebook. We see a broader portfolio with our OEMs as we go into 2019, and we also see a more competitive desktop product line as well as notebook product line. So that's how we're thinking about the year. To your point about starting a little bit with lower guidance in Q1, I think that's true. When we look at Q1, particularly on a year-on-year basis, there are a lot of moving pieces. But it's primarily due to the graphics channel. And that's both the reduced demand as well as the absence in blockchain revenue on a year-over-year basis as well as the semi-custom business. But as we move forward, as we go into Q2 and beyond, we see a significant opportunity with the ramp of our new products, and that's how we see the year.

Yes, sure, Vivek. As we look through 2018, we were pretty pleased with our progress on EPYC, and coming off of the fourth quarter, actually, it was a fairly strong fourth quarter for us and the fact that we doubled the number of units for our server business. And when you look at that mix, it is more cloud-weighted. So we had some large deployments that went online here in the fourth quarter, and that was positive for us. That being said though, we're making nice progress in the Enterprise and HPC side of the business too. We've had a number of wins in the quarter as well as going into 2019. So as we look into 2019, I would expect that the early Rome deployments will also be cloud-based. We'll be the first ones, but we have a strong set of enterprise platforms, and as I mentioned earlier, it's the breadth of the OEM platforms that gives us good confidence that we're going to a broader set of workloads and having broader coverage in the market. In terms of share assumptions, we'll have to see how the market and the year play out, but I think what we've said before is that, after reaching the mid-single digit market share in the fourth quarter 2018, we would expect it would take another 4 to 6 quarters to reach 10% market share. And I think we're still in that range.

Sure, Vivek. So look, on the CPU shortages, my comment is that there are some pockets of shortage, particularly at the low end. However, our focus has really been on ramping Ryzen. And if you look at the Ryzen percentage of our overall business, Ryzen, Devinder mentioned, was 80% of our client business. So we are really actually improving our mix in the client business. I think that, again, from my view, the shortages are temporary. But we look at it as really getting consistent share gain. And as we've gone through each quarter in 2018, we've seen consistent share gain, and we believe we gained share in the fourth quarter as well. So I think we're well positioned with the portfolio, and we'll certainly drive that into 2019. And then, the other?

Oh, pricing, yes. Relative to pricing, look, when we think about pricing and when we put together our long-term model, we have factored in that pricing and competition will be aggressive. I think we know that to be the case. What we've seen in the market is consistent with that, but we also believe that particularly as you go into the data center, the single largest factor from a buying decision standpoint is the performance and the total cost of ownership of the product, and we believe that Rome will be very, very well positioned in 2019. And so we are cognizant of the competitive environment but feel good that we have the right set of assumptions.

Yes, so I think the -- with Rome, our biggest opportunity/risk is adoption rate. I think, from a competitive standpoint, the product is very solid. Everything going through our development labs looks very good as well as our customer engagement. And so this is just about getting customers to production as fast as possible. We do expect though that the adoption rate for Rome will be faster than the adoption rate for Naples. And the reason for that is we are in a socket-compatible infrastructure. And so customers who don't necessarily need the newest features of the platform can actually use the same motherboard and system that they currently have with Naples and drop in Rome. And so I think that will help us accelerate some of the adoption, but right now, it's about helping customers in their environment. We are widely sampling Rome, and there is a lot of work to be done. But we feel good about the trajectory.

Sure, Stacy. So the largest driver, as I've said, is the GPU channel situation on a year-over-year basis. On a sequential basis, typical seasonality for, let's call it, PCs and GPUs and data center is probably around 10% or so. We are forecasting -- or we believe that that will be a little bit -- down a little bit more than that. And in terms of the ranking, I would say GPUs are down a bit more than the other 2 segments. That's the way we currently see it.

Sure, Ross. So yes, I think it is fair to say that our quarterly progression will have a lot to do with our product launches. So you would expect that server will be more second-half-weighted than the first half. In general, our business is more second-half-weighted, though, if you think about the consumer portions of our business. But think about it as we would expect sequential growth in PCs. We would certainly expect sequential growth in data center, although stronger in the second half. We would -- we're also -- as we see the GPU business right now, we see the first quarter as the low point in the business, with the channels getting -- improving as we go into the second quarter. And we have additional product launches there as well. So that's the way we would see the portfolio. And semi-custom, although it's lower on a year-over-year basis, we would expect it to also increase as we go from second quarter into third quarter as well.

Yes, so, look, when we look at the GPU market, and let's separate sort of gaming and data center, I think, on the gaming side, from what we are seeing, we did see sellout increase in Q4 versus Q3. So gamers are still buying GPUs. They may be more discerning about price points, and so I can imagine that there might be a bit more softness at the high end versus in the mid-range. But we believe that we have a good understanding of what's happening in the gaming side of the business. And it will be driven -- our gaming growth will be driven by new products. And we would see that as we go through this year with our Radeon VII launch as well as our Navi launches on the gaming side. On the data center side, we're making good progress in GPU data center, obviously from a low base, but the GPUs in the data center are very workload-dependent. There are some workloads that actually we do very well in things like cloud gaming and virtualization, and we have some early HPC wins. And so we see this as sort of customer acquisition redeployment. And so those are the sources of growth on the PC side for us.

Yes, Aaron. So I think the mid-teens percentage revenue for us in Q4 was -- was a good milestone. I mean, I think that's a meaningful percentage of our revenue. And it was a contributor to our gross margin as we exited 2018. I think, as we go into 2019, again, we will continue to give you visibility into where the data center growth is. To be fair, my expectation is that the CPU side of the data center business will grow faster than the GPU side, just given what we see in terms of overall deployments. But I think both businesses will be meaningful for us and our key part of the growth story for us in 2019, and we'll continue to give color on how they develop as the year develops.

Yes. Aaron, yes, that's the correct way to think about it. So Q1 will be a low, Q2 will be higher, Q3 will be higher, and then Q4 will come down again. That should be the seasonality of semi-custom.

Yes, thanks for the question, John. It might be a little bit early for us to go there. But what I would say is the following. When we look at the year-on-year compares from 2019 to 2018, Q2 2018 was still a very strong quarter for us because we still had a significant amount of blockchain sales in Q2 2018. So I expect that we will grow sequentially into Q2, but I think that will still be, let's call it, a tougher year-on-year compare. But then when we get into the second half of the year, we expect to be fully ramped on the entire 7-nanometer portfolio. And so we would see a heavier weighting in the second half. So we see sequential growth into second quarter but more heavily weighted into the second half.

Let me take the second question, and then maybe, Devinder, you can take the first question. So as it relates to our Rome product, when Rome was originally planned, we had planned that it would be competing against a 10-nanometer product. So that was the -- that was our expectation when we started. I think we've shown some of the generational performance advantages in terms of double the performance on a socket basis, 4x performance on a floating-point basis. And the other thing I would say is that, with our second-generation Rome, the customer set is now more used to our architecture, and so some of the architectural and software improvements that we've also spent quite a bit of time on over the last 4 to 6 quarters are coming into play. So I think we feel very good about the competitive positioning of Rome. And the other thing to keep in mind is we are deep in development of our next-generation beyond Rome. So the Zen 3 product portfolio is deep in development as well. So that's -- our goal is to ensure that we have a consistent cadence of very competitive products.

Yes, so we started sampling EPYC actually last year, so the second half of last year, to some of the top cloud vendors as well as our OEM partners. We've had a significant amount of development with our ODM partners as well. So I think there is a good amount of overlap between the customer development cycle and our development cycle. Now as you said, production silicon is very key, and ensuring that the final specifications are locked in is work that we still have to do here in the first half of this year. But I think we feel good about it. We feel good about the platforms, the customer engagements, the current progress of development and so that is very much our plan from an execution standpoint.

Yes, so on the data center side, we do expect that the data center GPU business will be a growth driver for us in 2019. It will be a little bit lumpy so I wouldn't say it's a straight line. But I would say, on a year-over-year basis, it's a important growth driver for us. And as it relates to the overall data center GPU ASPs affecting overall ASPs, I think that's true because the gaming ASPs are -- I'm sorry, the gaming business was lower than expected given the channel inventory situation. So I think it's also just weighted in terms of the units.

Sure, Joe. So for the mid-teens percentage of revenue in Q4, between CPU and GPU, it's actually roughly similar. And then in terms of the workloads, the GPU data center side, we do very well in cloud gaming, we do very well with our virtualization solutions, and we have some early traction in HPC.

Yes, so we look at the business in all different cuts. As you can imagine, we look at it by segment, our CG and EESC. CG is very much a PC-driven segment and EESC with enterprise and semi-custom. And we are also, based on some of the feedback, trying to be a little bit more granular in terms of how the various businesses fall underneath that. So I think as the data center business becomes a larger piece of our business, we'll continue to look for how do we get -- give you guys more color and more transparency in how that is doing.

Yes, so when we look at the GPU channel inventory, we do believe our channel partners reduced inventory in Q4, and they will reduce inventories in Q1. We still think that Q1 levels are elevated, and there will be some spillover into Q2 where we will see some elevated inventory levels. We'll have to see how the sell-through really plays out. But my expectation is that, in Q2, we'll have sort of improved channel inventory levels and we will return to a sequential growth in the gaming side of our business.

Yes, so the 7-nanometer GPUs on the data center side started ramping in Q4 so that was part of the data center GPU revenue that we talked about. The 7-nanometer CPU will ramp middle of the year, and the 7-nanometer CPU and GPU are both above corporate average margins so you would expect that they're above the 41 points and would be sort of accretive to margin as that mix improves.