Thank you, Ruth, and good morning to all those listening in. Today marks a significant milestone in our journey to establish AMD as the industry's high-performance computing leader.
Before going into details on our strategic acquisition of Xilinx, I'd like to start with our very strong financial results. Our business accelerated in the third quarter, resulting in record quarterly revenue with net income and EPS more than doubling year-over-year. Revenue grew 56% year-over-year to $2.8 billion, driven by strong demand for our Ryzen, EPYC and semi-custom processors.
Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Third quarter revenue of $1.67 billion grew 31% year-over-year as higher Ryzen processor sales more than offset lower graphic sales. Our client processor business is performing extremely well. Desktop and notebook processor ASPs increased and total unit shipments grew by a strong double-digit percentage, both on a year-over-year and sequential basis. As a result, we set a record for quarterly client processor revenue and believe we gained client CPU share for the 12th straight quarter.
In mobile, we set records for both quarterly notebook processor unit shipments and revenue as OEM sell-through doubled year-over-year. We have the strongest notebook processor portfolio in our history. More than 105 AMD-based notebooks have launched in 2020 as we expand our presence in segments like gaming, commercial and education, where we have traditionally been underrepresented. In commercial, the number of AMD-based business notebooks for major OEMs has doubled year-over-year, and we are building significant momentum based on the superior performance and battery life of our Ryzen PRO processors. Our progress in the third quarter was highlighted by winning multiple large-scale deployments with Fortune 1000 automotive, banking and pharmaceutical companies.
Earlier this month, we announced our upcoming Ryzen desktop processors would be the first to feature our newest Zen 3 core. I'm incredibly proud of what our CPU team has achieved with Zen 3. We have significantly enhanced nearly every aspect of the core to deliver a 19% increase in instructions per clock compared to Zen 2. As a result, our Ryzen 5000 desktop processors delivered absolute performance leadership across gaming, productivity and creative workloads, and are positioned to drive the biggest shift in the PC landscape since we launched the original Ryzen processor in 2017.
In Graphics, revenue declined year-over-year and increased sequentially as we prepared to launch our next-generation Radeon GPUs this quarter. Mobile GPU sales grew by a double-digit percentage year-over-year, led by solid demand for our Radeon PRO 5000 M-Series, powering Apple's MacBook Pro. We are very excited about our RDNA 2 graphics architecture launching later this week that delivers significant generational increases in both performance and performance per watt. Our next-generation Radeon RX 6000 graphics cards, powered by RDNA 2, are by far the most powerful gaming GPUs we have ever built and will return AMD to the high end of the graphics market.
Data center GPU revenue increased sequentially and year-over-year based on new cloud-based visual computing wins. Our Radeon Instinct accelerators continued gaining momentum in the HPC market. Recently announced wins include Australia's most powerful supercomputer as well as the new LUMI supercomputer in Finland that is expected to deliver over 550 petaflops of peak performance.
Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-custom segment. Revenue of $1.13 billion increased 116% year-over-year, driven by strong growth in both semi-custom and server processor sales. In semi-custom, we ramped production and shipments of our next-generation game console SoCs to support the November launches of the PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and Series S consoles. We now expect semi-custom shipments and revenue to increase sequentially in the fourth quarter based on strong demand.
Turning to server. We set a record for quarterly server processor revenue as sales grew a double-digit percentage sequentially and more than doubled year-over-year, driven by growing cloud and enterprise adoption.
In cloud, the largest hyperscale customers expanded their second-gen EPYC processor deployments across both their internal infrastructures and publicly available instances. In the third quarter, Microsoft Azure expanded their AMD offerings to 18 regions and 9 availability zones and launched new data analytics services powered by second-gen EPYC processors that deliver 30% better performance than competitive offerings. Amazon rolled out multiple new high-performance AMD instances, and Google announced general availability of their Cloud confidential virtual machines, powered exclusively by second-gen EPYC processors.
Enterprise data center adoption continued to accelerate as well. We added multiple Fortune 1000 customer wins in the quarter across key verticals, including financial services, automotive and EDA, based on the performance and TCO advantages of EPYC processors.
We are on track to begin volume shipments of our next-generation Milan server processors with Zen 3 to cloud and select HPC customers this quarter. We expect Tier 1 OEM platform availability to follow in the first quarter of 2021.
Customer interest in Milan is very high. We are seeing hyperscale, HPC and OEM customers engage deeper and broader for Milan than they did prior to the launch of our second-gen EPYC processors. We believe we are well positioned for continued share gains based on our expanding cloud engagements, strong supercomputing wins and the more than 100 new or refreshed Milan platforms in development.
In summary, our strong third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook demonstrate the acceleration in our business. We are successfully executing our strategy to drive best-in-class growth based on delivering leading-edge CPUs, GPUs and differentiated solutions for the PC, gaming and data center markets. We feel very confident our next-generation Zen 3 CPUs, RDNA 2 GPUs and CDNA accelerators can drive further share gains and growth in 2021 and beyond.
Now let's turn to the transaction. Looking out over the next decade, high-performance computing is increasingly at the center of nearly every major trend shaping the future. Whether in the cloud, at the edge or across the growing number of intelligent end devices, we are seeing increasing demand for high-performance computing, which enables a host of new experiences and services. While our CPUs and GPUs will remain critical engines for those devices in a world where algorithms are always advancing and new standards are continually emerging, we see demand growing for adaptive computing capabilities that can accelerate evolving workloads.
That is why today, I'm excited to outline the next leg in our journey with the strategic acquisition of Xilinx. Together, we will create the industry's high-performance computing leader and the partner of choice for the largest and most important technology companies.
Xilinx is the ideal match for AMD. As the industry's #1 provider of FPGAs in adaptive SoCs, they are the market leader. Xilinx is successfully executing multi-generation hardware and software road maps to extend that leadership.
Xilinx is a technology leader. Beyond their core innovation in FPGAs and associated software design environments, they have industry-leading capabilities in SoC design, SerDes and high-speed IO, mixed-signal RF, advanced 2.5 and 3D silicon integration and packaging as well as targeted software stacks for key verticals.
Xilinx has also built deep strategic partnerships across a diverse set of growing markets. In 5G communications, data center, automotive, industrial, aerospace and defense, Xilinx has established themselves as a strategic technology partner to a broad set of industry leaders.
Lastly, Xilinx has a very strong business model, characterized by long product life cycles with a best-in-class gross margin profile and significant free cash flow generation.
As we bring AMD and Xilinx together, there are considerable product, technology, market and financial benefits. AMD will offer the strongest portfolio of high-performance and adaptive computing products in the industry, spanning leadership CPUs, GPUs, FPGAs and adaptive SoCs. This will enable us to take a leadership position, accelerating a diverse set of emerging workloads from AI to smart networking and software-defined infrastructure.
And while our product portfolios are highly complementary, our approach to technology development is actually very similar. Both companies are laser-focused on developing leadership products based on multi-generation architectures, modular SoC designs, leading-edge manufacturing and advanced packaging technologies.
In manufacturing, we will be able to apply learnings from AMD's early adoption and high-volume production ramp of advanced process nodes across Xilinx's products. In packaging, Xilinx has demonstrated leadership and significant IP in the 2.5D and 3D die stacking technologies that are becoming increasingly important as Moore's law slows.
Looking beyond hardware, we see opportunities to combine our open-source software offerings into a unified stack optimized to accelerate computing at the platform and the system level. By combining our efforts, we bring together 2 world-class engineering teams with the technology capability and scale to build even stronger products and solutions.
From a market perspective, we will cover the most important markets and customers in the world. We will have a combined TAM of $110 billion, building on AMD's $80 billion TAM with an additional $30 billion of very attractive Xilinx TAM. As we look at growth drivers in the 3- to 5-year time frame, we see significant revenue synergy opportunities that can build on AMD's strong organic growth.
In the data center, our EPYC processors have a strong foundation with the largest hyperscale cloud providers. We're also gaining significant momentum with enterprise customers and playing a leading role in supercomputing where our products are powering the world's most powerful exascale computers. Xilinx has also invested significantly in the data center with leadership in networking, computing and storage technologies, notably with significant SmartNIC wins with global hyperscalers. Together, we will be a stronger strategic force powering the next-generation data center.
To drive longer-term adoption of our processors in the telecom, edge, industrial and networking markets where we have a nascent presence today, we can offer solutions that combine our CPU and GPU compute engines with Xilinx's flexible accelerators, SmartNIC products, software stacks and domain expertise to unlock additional levels of performance on critical workloads. In telecom, for instance, where Xilinx has solutions capabilities and relationships with industry leaders, including Samsung and Ericsson, we will now have an accelerated path to market to better address the largely untapped $5 billion market opportunity for our EPYC processors.
Financially, the acquisition diversifies our revenue streams and is expected to be immediately accretive to margins, EPS and free cash flow generation, all while delivering industry-leading growth.
Finally, I would like to talk about culture. For the last several years, AMD has collaborated with Xilinx as a close partner, and I've had the chance to get to know Victor and his leadership team. I can unequivocally say that the Xilinx team is one of the best in the industry, and I'm thrilled to welcome them to the AMD family. Both AMD and Xilinx share a common culture focused on innovation, execution and collaborating deeply with customers.
From a leadership standpoint, Victor and I have a shared vision of where we can take high-performance and adaptive computing in the future. And I'm extremely happy that he will be joining AMD as President, responsible for the Xilinx business and strategic growth initiatives after the deal closes.
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide some additional color on our third quarter performance and some specific financial details of the acquisition. Devinder?

Thanks, Victor. To sum up, we are very pleased with the acceleration of our business in the third quarter. We are on track to deliver significant annual revenue growth this year and have never been more confident in our trajectory. Our strategic acquisition of Xilinx is compelling for all stakeholders with significant value creation for AMD and Xilinx shareholders who will benefit from the future growth and upside potential of the combined company.
We have always been very ambitious in our goals. The acquisition of Xilinx is a natural next step in our journey. Xilinx is an ideal match for AMD, combining a highly complementary set of products, customers and markets with differentiated IP and world-class talent.
With that, let's go to questions, please. Ruth?

Yes. Absolutely, Matt. Thanks for the question.
So first of all, we feel -- we're really excited about today. We feel great about our base business. I think you can see that in the strength of our results in the third quarter and our full year updated guidance. That strategy is playing out very well as we expected, with very strong products driving market momentum. 
Now all -- as we look forward, at our financial Analyst Day, we talked about 20% CAGR as the right target for our company. I think all of that stays on track. We are a high-growth business and we want to remain a high-growth business. I think Xilinx brings a lot of opportunities that are additive to that model when you look at the markets and the capabilities and just the margins and the free cash flow generation. So 20% CAGR is the right target for the combined business.
I think we feel very good about the organic growth. And we feel very good about the growth initiatives that Victor has started.

Sure, Matt. So look, the data center business, particularly on the server side, is very important to us. We performed very well here in the third quarter, as you said, double from a year-over-year standpoint, sequential double-digit growth. We see good momentum across the cloud hyperscalers as well as in the enterprise business. We have more platforms that continue to launch here in the third quarter.
As we look forward from a data center environment, I would say that the overall data center environment is actually good. As we go here into the fourth quarter, we are starting to launch Milan in terms of shipments to cloud as well as some HPC customers this quarter. OEMs are preparing to launch Milan platforms in the first quarter. And I would say it's very much a customer-specific message. Some of our cloud customers are going to continue to ramp Rome in the fourth quarter. Several are also preparing for a transition from Rome to Milan. But overall, we believe that the demand environment is good.
And the thing that excites us is Milan is just very strong. It's coming in as we expected. Zen 3, we previewed some of that performance on the desktop side, but we see a strong translation into TCO benefits and performance benefits for our server products. So I mean we look forward to talking about that more as we go through the quarter. But yes, so overall, I think the data center business continues to be very strategic and performs well for us.

Yes. So Vivek, thanks for the question. Our core business is doing very well. I think if you look at some of the components of that, the PC market environment is strong. If you look at all the work from home, school from home trends, I think that has certainly helped this year. On top of that, our Ryzen 4000 Series notebooks are doing very, very well. So we're seeing strong traction in areas that we hadn't been that present before like gaming and commercial. So that's one big element. We are ramping our game consoles here in the second half of the year. Those are very highly anticipated launches that are coming up shortly, and demand for that has been quite strong. And our server business has also performed well.
You'll see us start with the -- you asked about graphics. We'll see gaming graphics here grow sequentially in the fourth quarter as we launch our Radeon 6000 Series.
So we just have a combination of a lot of product momentum, product cycles. I will also say that our supply situation has also improved as our demand environment has gotten stronger. We've worked closely with our suppliers to ensure that we can satisfy as much of that as possible. And so those are all of the elements for the strong second half.

Well, I would say it this way, Vivek. I think we have made a tremendous amount of progress in the server business. I think the -- if you look at the leadership performance and TCO that we have with Rome, we've seen broad adoption across cloud as well as enterprise, and we've done very, very well in HPC. We think that Milan is even better. And our mantra to our customers has been strong road map, you can count on us, we will be there when you need us. I think the traction from Milan is stronger than for Rome. I think we continue to work hard with our customers to ramp as fast as possible. But you'll see a broader cloud adoption. I think you'll see faster cloud adoption. And I think you'll see broader enterprise platforms, especially with Zen 3. We talked about some of the single-threaded performance improvements that really round out the server portfolio. So I think we're very focused on the data center, and we'll continue to be that as a combined company as well.

Yes. Sure, Toshiya. Thanks for the question. So clearly, when we look at our core business or the AMD core business, I think we feel very good about the growth in our core markets across PC, gaming and data center. I think the product portfolio is very strong.
As we add Xilinx to the portfolio, I think we are -- we've both chosen data center as our strategic focus. I think the investments that Victor and the Xilinx team have made are very strategic investments in the data center. For us, we have the CPU and GPU strength. Xilinx brings the accelerator capability and very strategic SmartNIC technology. I think that's a strong growth vector for the combined company. I think the broader markets in communications, in automotive, in industrial and aerospace and defense, those are all very attractive markets that can use CPUs and GPUs. And so I think the market presence that Xilinx has and the leadership in those markets also help -- sort of have the ability to bring some of the base AMD technology in there.
So I think, together, there are a lot of opportunities. I want to be clear, though, first and foremost, both businesses are executing very well, and Victor and I intend to keep it that way. So I think the base growth profiles of both businesses are very strong. And then we do see significant revenue synergy opportunities as we look out into the 3- to 5-year time frame as we bring these portfolios together.

Well, what I would say is, based on our performance in the third quarter and our view for the second half of the year, we do believe we'll gain share in both markets. And I think I've always said, this is a journey. So the key for us is to continue to execute very well. I think the customer momentum is definitely there and sort of our goal is to continue to delight our customers and execute well. So I do think we're making progress on that journey for share gain, and we'll continue to do that.

So look, I think there's no question, it's a very strong demand environment for us right now. As we look into the first half of the year, it's a little bit early to be specific about 2021, but what I will say is that we believe there is some market phenomena here, but there's also very AMD-specific product gains that we're seeing.
I think our notebook portfolio has never been better. And if I look at the strength of the new platforms that are coming up and what we see into 2021, I think we're really excited about that. Our desktop products with our recent launch of Ryzen 5000 is very strong. This is the first year of the console cycle. So the console cycle is a little bit different in the first year. I think you will see some very strong demand there. And then we're right in the middle of launching Milan and EPYC.
So I think we feel good about the growth prospects into 2021. We'll get into a little bit more of the quarterly dynamics as we finish out this year. But I think there is market, and then there is just what our product portfolio is doing right now.

Yes. Absolutely, Stacy. I'll make a few comments, and then I'm sure Victor will have a few comments.
Look, we've been thinking about this for some time. And I think it's actually a very different situation. Xilinx is the market leader. I mean, if you look at how their business has grown over the last few years, their market share has continued to grow. I think both companies are executing really well.
So you ask why now? I mean why now is actually -- we feel very good about our base businesses. I think the -- people look at our businesses and say they're complementary, and they are very complementary from a product and market standpoint, but we have sort of important intersections around the data center focus and then also around the technology sort of strategy, right?
I mean we're both leading-edge technology users. We both are partnered with TSMC. We both have really leaned into this modular design environment and Xilinx is a leader in some of that -- some of the 2.5D, 3D integration. We're both invested in software and open source. So there are a lot of synergies that are sort of under the covers that we see, and we see very strongly, and I think you will see as the road maps execute.
And then the last point I'll mention is I think our cultures are very, very aligned. And we're both -- Victor and I are both engineers at heart. We love the technology. We have a common vision. I'm really, really happy that he's joining me on this journey. I think we have a bold vision of what we think we can do for the industry and for our joint companies. And I think that's what we see as what's different.
And as you know, Stacy, I mean, I haven't been big on M&A. We're not doing M&A for M&A's sake. I mean this is such a unique opportunity. There actually is no better match in the industry for us than Xilinx.
So Victor, do you want to add some comments?

Yes. Sure, Mark. So look, we'll have a very strong portfolio if you look at all of the elements between CPUs, GPUs, the traditional FPGAs as well as the adaptive SSCs that Xilinx has been investing in. I think that portfolio lends a lot of solution capability when you look at specific workloads.
So on the accelerator side, as you know, we've been investing on the GPUs with Radeon Instinct. And the focus there has been on training and has been on HPC environments. Victor's focus has actually been quite a bit at the edge. I think we share the idea that a common software environment is so important to try to accelerate the usage of those solutions in the market. And so I think we'll have sort of a basket of technology that can be used very well from the infrastructure cloud side to the edge and endpoint.
I don't know, Victor, if you'd like to add anything there?

Sure, Mark. Look, I think the days of monolithic integration are probably over. We've been on this chiplet methodology because it's the right thing to do. You get the right compute for the right workloads. The Xilinx team is also very advanced in thinking on this area. I think there will be some, let's call it, opportunities for us to do things on the hardware side, but I view it more as market-specific optimization as we think about what customers need. And then certainly, on the software environment, we are very focused on doubling down on the software environment because that's really the key to accelerate adoption. So lots of opportunities for us to bring the portfolios together, but really, I think the opportunity is at the solution level with customers and the important workloads.

Yes. Sure, Joe. So the majority of those cost savings are really on just the scale of bringing the 2 companies together, so if you think about our opportunities on the COGS side as well as some of the public company functions and those kinds of things. Our intent on R&D is we've been growing, and we're going to continue to grow R&D. I think what it will allow us to do is -- actually, there will be some synergy on some things that we're both doing like some of the IPs that are just sort of necessary IPs, but it allows us to invest more in things like AI and software and so on. So we're not counting on any major changes at all to either business from the running of the business. I think the emphasis here is that both companies are executing extremely well, and we're going to continue to keep it that way. And so Victor will continue to run the Xilinx business. And obviously, we have a lot to execute on the AMD side, but these synergies are really more from COGS and just public company type stuff that go on.

Yes. So you'll hear more about CDNA later this year, so in the -- here in a couple of -- in a month or 2.
As we look at the data center GPU space, I think the cloud opportunities that we have are continuing to ramp I would say, but the large HPC opportunities really come into play in 2021. So we should see a significant ramp in our data center GPU business in 2021 as some of those wins are publicly announced and will ramp next year.

Yes. Sure, John. So certainly, we ramped heavily the console business here in the third quarter. I think we were right at our margin guidance. As we go sequentially into the fourth quarter, we saw -- we see an increase in margins from 44% to 45%. I think there are a couple of aspects there. So we do have the console business growing sequentially. And so that is a bit margin decretive. However, we also have our other businesses growing as well that offset that. It is true that the early parts of the console ramp are -- typically, we're working through some ramp issues. I would say the ramp is going quite well, and the demand environment is very strong overall. And we continue to work on satisfying all of the demand.

Yes. Absolutely, John. So clearly, there's a lot of synergy on the data center and the comm side, as you mentioned, but that core market business, Xilinx's core market business is a beautiful business. I mean if you just look at the product life cycles, the customer diversity and just how those go. So we're very happy with adding that to the portfolio. I think it adds sort of a different rhythm to the rest of our business.
And as I said earlier, we're very cognizant that it's a different business. It will be -- it will continue to run as it runs today. I've had some experience in the embedded business before. So we expect that to continue to be a very important driver of the overall financial model that we're putting together.

Yes, absolutely, Victor. That's a great point. I think automotive is a long-term opportunity for us with the technology that we have.

Yes. Thanks, Hans. So look, our second half has certainly been very strong, and it was stronger than we originally planned. And so -- and we've worked closely with our suppliers to improve the supply availability. And I would say that even with that, demand still exceeds supply in certain segments.
As we go into 2021, I think we are planning for success. And so we're working very closely across the supply chain to ensure that we have enough wafer capacity as well as back end capacity. And we're going to continue to work on that. But certainly, there are areas where we would like the supply to be higher, and we're working on that.

Yes. Yes, I'm not making a specific technology statement, but other than to say that we believe we will have the ability to support our strong growth objectives.

Yes. No, we've both been investing in the software environment to really make our products easier to use. I agree with you, I think Xilinx has a very strong software platform. We've also been investing in the ROCm platform for our GPUs. And so those will be some of the things that we bring together over time.

Yes. So I think the -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're seeing a strong semi-custom environment here in the first year. Usually, Q3 is the peak for us in semi-custom. And this year, we'll see sequential growth into Q4 just given the strong demand environment, but I think that's a result of the product space.
I think at the -- when you talk about the competitive environment, I think the competitive environment, I mean, it's about the same. I mean, I think, it's always a competitive environment, but our focus has been on our product strategy and working with our customers. So I wouldn't say I've seen a change in the dynamic. I think there's a lot of excitement in our server business around Milan and bringing Milan to market, even -- ramping that even faster than we ramped Rome. And so yes, that's where the focus is.

Yes. Look, we -- the SmartNIC, the technology and just the overall acceleration technology in the data center, we think, is very important. I think Xilinx has made significant investments there that's additive to our data center portfolio today. I think both of us have been very engaged in the top hyperscalers, and we will continue to do that. We also see opportunities over time in the enterprise segment as well. So I think the relationships that we have across all the top customers can help accelerate some of that solution development, and that will be a key focus for the combined company.

Thank you -- yes -- no, I was just going to say so thanks all for joining today. I know we covered a tremendous amount of material across our business and the acquisition. We look forward to -- really look forward to bringing these 2 companies together. I think it's a very special and unique moment for us, and we look forward to talking more about it as we go forward.