Thank you, Simon, and good day to everyone. Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. 
I want to begin by saying a few words regarding Air Products' response to the current situation in Eastern Europe. We are deeply concerned by the human tragedy in Ukraine and the impact that this conflict has on the world. We condemn this aggression and encourage all efforts for peace. Our hearts go out to those affected and we are continuing to support our employees in this region. 
As a company, we are providing humanitarian support including assistance to the International Committee of the Red Cross from the Air Products Fund Foundation. Our employees have also responded with care and generosity, reaching out to their affected colleagues and making contributions to various organizations supporting relief efforts. 
Our presence in Ukraine is minimum with about $5 million in sales last fiscal year, and we have suspended the development of a small separation unit in the country. Our businesses in Russia is also very small with less than $25 million in sales last fiscal year. We are in the process of exiting Russia and will stop doing business in that country. 
Now before we get into the details, I want to thank each and everyone about 20,000 employees around the world for their hard work, commitment and dedication to operational excellence and to serving our customers. 
Last quarter, despite the very difficult conditions caused by war, significant inflation in energy costs, supply chain disruptions and lingering effects of the COVID-19 virus, our people delivered strong results with an earnings per share of $2.38, which is 14% higher than the previous year. As always, our people's commitment and dedication is our competitive advantage as we move forward. 
Now please look at Slide #3, focusing on safety which is our highest priority. Our second quarter safety performance was similar to last quarter, but still behind last year. Although we are proud of the fact that we have made significant progress in this area over the past few years, this result is not acceptable. Our goal remains zero accidents and zero incidents, and we are committed to achieving that goal across the organization. 
Slides #4 to #7 include our goal, our management velocity and our 5 plans for moving forward. And we have also included our higher purpose slide to explain what we are trying to do every day when we come to work. We have shared these slides with investors many times before, but we always have them as part of our package to emphasize the point that these are the principles that we will follow every day, and they will continue to guide us as we move forward. 
As we have explained to our investors in the past, our strategy for moving forward is based on 2 pillars. The first is absolute excellence in running our existing industrial gases business. That is to operate with the greatest efficiency and productivity, invest and maintain our market share and improve pricing to compensate for inflation. Our results that we have just announced confirm that we are successfully implementing this strategy, since we are delivering strong results under very difficult and challenging circumstances. 
The second pillar of our strategy for the future is to take advantage of our unique technologies and expertise to be a meaningful player in the significant worldwide effort to transition to clean energy. Specifically in this area, we are focused on developing and executing mega projects to produce blue and green hydrogen and other sustainable fuels for the world. 
In summary, this explains the content of the almost $20 billion of projects that we have in our backlog, and there are more of these projects to come. 
In the second quarter of fiscal year '22, we announced projects that confirm in a significant way our commitment to these 2 strategic pillars. First, in our base business, as you can see on Slide #8, we announced $1.3 billion of investment in 2 major projects for the electronic industry. These are real mega projects with long-term take-or-pay contracts with some of the largest semiconductor manufacturers in the world. We are proud to be executing these projects that confirm our significant position in the semiconductor industry. 
As related to the second pillar of our strategy, as you can see on the Slide #9, we announced that we are building a $2 billion facility in Southern California to convert a conventional refinery to one that produces sustainable aviation fuel called SAF. This facility will use as its raw material renewed organic material such as base cooking oil, animal fats, et cetera, and use substantial amount of hydrogen to convert these raw materials to fuel for airplanes. 
The total capacity of this plant will be approximately 340 million gallons per year. Although this sounds like a big number, in 2019, world jet fuel consumption was more than 100 billion gallons. The Board airlines are looking to decarbonize. Major corporations in the Board are focused on reducing the carbon emissions generated by their airline business travel. And there are already significant incentives in place to encourage the move towards sustainable aviation fuel. This is the fundamental reason aligned with our strategy to pursue this opportunity. 
We started developing this project 3 years ago in partnership with World Energy, a private company that is currently the leading producer of sustainable airlines fuel. Our agreement is that Air Products will engineer, build and own the facility and World Energy will provide the raw material. World Energy will also sell the project -- the product and has a contractual commitment to pay Air Products a fixed fee that ensures an acceptable return on Air Products investment. 
We are very excited about these projects since it also uses a significant amount of hydrogen that we can supply from our established and extensive hydrogen pipeline in Southern California. 
Our partner in this project, World Energy, is a private company. So I know and fully appreciate that there is little information available about them in the public domain. We have permission from the principles of the company to disclose the following information, which can be found on Slide #10. This information is self-explanatory and we are delighted to work with World Energy on this great project. 
I'd just like to point out that on the bottom of Slide #10, we have included sales and profitability numbers, $400 million sales and $54 million of profit. That is just for the products that World Energy sells out of the Paramount refinery that we are converting today. 
In addition to that, World Energy has the capacity in their other plants in America and Canada to produce 150 million gallons a year of biodiesel. The sales number and profitability of those numbers are not disclosed. 
I also want to report to you at this time that we continue to make good progress in building and bringing on stream key mega projects that we have already announced. Slide #11 highlights the major projects that we expect to bring on stream in 2023. 
Now I would like to take a moment to reflect on our performance over the past 8 years. In July 2014, during my first conference call with investors as Chairman, President and CEO of Air Products, I promised the shareholders that our goal was to deliver over the long term a 10% per year average cumulative growth in Air Products earnings per share. 
On Slide 12, you can see that for the past 8 years, we have delivered more than what we promised 8 years ago. And our goal for the future is to continue to deliver similar results as we move forward. 
On Slide 13, you can see that we have shared the positive growth with our investors and increase our dividend on average 10% per year over the last 8 years. 
And finally, please turn to Slide #14, still my favorite slide. It shows our EBITDA margin since 2014. Despite all of the turmoil in the Board, significant energy, cost inflation and supply chain disruptions, our EBITDA margin last quarter was almost a 1,000 basis points higher than in 2014. 
Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Melissa to discuss our results in more details. Melissa?

Thank you, Melissa. Now please turn to Slide #19 for our Asia results. Sales were up 8% compared to last year, primarily on 6% higher volume as a variety of new traditional industrial gas plants came onstream across this region. 
Price was again positive. The 1% overall price improvement for the region equals to about a 3% increase for the merchant business. China's dual control policy has eased, but COVID restrictions in parts of China have modestly impacted customer demand. They also impacted our plant efficiency and increased our supply chain costs. 
Costs that are unfavorable, primarily due to inflation and resources needed to support new project start-ups, as Melissa mentioned. EBITDA up 2% as better volume and price more than offset higher costs.  
Compared to last quarter, volumes declined 2% primarily due to the Lunar New Year holiday. Price was 2% lower sequentially. As mentioned during our last earnings call, China's government has relaxed its power tariff program to allow local power costs to fluctuate. This market-oriented approach has resulted in higher power costs compared to last quarter. However, our overall costs were lower due to better operating and supply chain efficiencies. 
Our EBITDA was down 9% sequentially, and EBITDA margin decreased 60 basis points as the unfavorable volume and price more than offset lower costs. For the second half of the fiscal year, we are very concerned about the potential impact of the COVID-related restrictions in China, and we do expect higher planned maintenance activities.  
Now I would like to turn the call over to Simon to talk about the European results. Simon?

Thank you, Dr. Serhan. Although the consequences of the conflict in Ukraine are far from clear, the evolving situation has once again brought the critical issue of energy independence and national security to the forefront, emphasizing the critical nature of the energy transition, their air products has highly valued technologies, skills and experience that will benefit our customers and countries around the world. 
Gasification allows countries to utilize their own resources in an environmentally friendly way, reducing their imports of fuel and chemicals. Meanwhile, renewable energy, including green hydrogen and fuse drive from sustainable organic resources, including renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel, will allow countries to reduce their reliance on faster fuels. 
Furthermore, the desire for diversified energy supply will also encourage additional LNG projects in the future, a positive development for Air Products as we are the leading technology and equipment provider for these large LNG projects. 
Air Products' strategy and competencies are allowing us to be a leader in the energy transition. Our industry-leading gasification technologies are suitable for various types of feedstocks, which can create net-zero hydrogen. 
The NEOM Green Hydrogen project is the largest project of its kind in the world. Our LNG heat exchanges, which convert natural gas to liquid are an integral part to all LNG projects. The sustainable aviation fuel to be produced in our new facility in California is a direct drop in replacement for conventional jet fuel. It can significantly reduce carbon footprint of the aviation industry without any equipment modification. 
The focus on energy security and energy transition is creating significant new project opportunities now and in the future. Therefore, we firmly believe that investing in high-return projects rather than share buyback is the right way forward to support the energy transition and continued profitable growth for Air Products and an appropriate return for our investors. 
Now please turn to Slide #25. I remain highly confident of Air Products' resilient business model, our strategy and our execution. However, I do have some concerns about the economic backdrop, driven by continued COVID challenges, the impact of supply chain constraints, inflation and energy costs. 
Even with these challenges, for quarter 3 fiscal year 2022, our earning per share guidance is $2.55 to $2.65, up 10% to 15% over last year and almost $0.20 higher than last quarter. For fiscal year 2022, our earnings per share guidance remains unchanged at $10.20 to $10.40, which is 13% to 15% better than last year. 
We continue to see our CapEx in '22 to be around $4.5 billion to $5 billion, including the approximately $1.5 billion previously invested for phase 1 of the Jazan project. 
At this point, I'd like you to turn to Slide #26. The drive for energy security and transition to a more sustainable future are not mutually exclusive. The world needs cleaner, lower carbon forms of energy and more divest sources of energy. We believe our strategy directly addresses these needs. As we drive toward the clean energy world, the talent and dedication of our people are the key to making this vision a reality. 
We need and fortunately, have talented and dedicated people to help us accelerate the progress. As I always say, our long-term competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of our people. Their hard work and contribution will ensure our success. 
So at this point, I would like to end my comments, and we will be very delighted to answer questions. Operator, we are ready for questions.

Sure. Our volume decline in Europe in our HyCO business, but specifically related to one specific customer who decided to kind of change the feedstock for their gasifiers because of the high natural gas prices. But overall, we do see a small decline. I think we said that our volumes in Europe sequentially are down about 2%. That is obviously the effect of the very high energy prices. And there were those high energy prices is affecting demand. But it is not dramatic and it is not a significant cause of concern, but it is a cause of -- but it is a reality that we have to deal.

Well, obviously [ we watch ] our costs every penny. But the cost increases, for example, in Europe are related to the fact that we are building the infrastructure that we need to build in order to bring our green ammonia into Europe, crack it and supply green energy to Europe. So it is early days but we have started that process. And that requires people and the expenditure and buying properties and renting equipment and trying to do engineering and all of that, because that is -- they need to get ready because by 2026, '27, they need to bring in the green ammonia and sell it to our customers, and the customers expect us to start building the infrastructure. And then around the world, we are starting up new plants and all of that. So those costs are very focused and necessary for us to maintain the growth. We've been [indiscernible], as you see right now, our costs are a little higher than they should be. But in the overall scheme of things, they would be more than justified as we move forward. But I don't expect to see a significant uptick on those costs, if that is where you are going Vincent.

With respect to pricing, the reason that the prices haven't gone up so much in Asia is because there is no significant energy inflation in Asia that justifies us going to the customers and increasing prices. So that is the fundamental dynamics. The decrease in volumes are mainly due to Lunar New Year. But starting in March, the restrictions that the Chinese government has put in [indiscernible] clients on are beginning to have some effect. And as we are in this current quarter, we do see more impact because of the COVID restrictions. It is almost impossible to predict what would be the effect because it depends on how much they relaxed restrictions or actually increased it depending on the progress of COVID. So we are watching that situation very carefully because it can swing back and forth in a significant way.

Okay, Cory?

Rising interest rates, if we need to raise new capital, obviously, we have to pay more interest on that. But right now, currently, we have a lot of cash, and we are not in the market to do that. Was that your point? Or did I miss that?

No, then I understand your question completely. Of course, we do. I mean if we are going to bid on a new project or consider a new project, we will consider it in the -- with the view of what is the cost of capital. Obviously, the cost of capital has gone up as interest goes up sure.

Well, I think, first of all, if I may ask your second question first. Merchant pricing in the second half in Asia depends very much on what the energy costs are and all of that. If we see energy costs going up, that our costs are going up, we certainly will increase the prices to recover that, and I hope that our performance in the last 2 quarters demonstrates that we do have the ability to increase prices if energy costs go up. 
As Melissa mentioned, we have increased prices in Europe, 22% versus last year, significant pricing power when it is justified. So we will do that. As far as whether our earnings in the second half of the year, for Europe will be higher than before, I don't want to make a forward predictions like that. But from the guidance that we have given you for the quarter and for the year, you can conclude that we are not expecting any decline. We expect that we will do fine versus last year. That's why -- that's the only way we can meet our forecast.

Most of it is from Jazan, our joint venture operations in India is doing very well, too. But most of that is from Jazan. Dr. Serhan, do you want to make any comment on that?

Well, I think we have laid it out for you because we say that every dollar that we spend should get us $0.10 in operating income. And then you know our tax rate and all that. So the projects that we have, we have given you the capital, not -- all of them are not going to come onstream at the beginning of '23, but you can make a good guess about how much contribution those projects will make to our bottom line, and it is not small.

Well, because we have confidence in both energy people who have been, they are responsible for coming up with feedstock. They have been in the business of buying and providing the feedstock for their facilities for the past 20 years. That company has been around since 1999. We are very confident people and we have done our due diligence, and they feel very confident that they can get the feedstock. Everybody in the world is trying to do this thing, as you know, that's why a company like Chevron then bought REG and all that. Everybody is trying to convert their refineries to sustainable airline fuel because that is the fuel of the future. The great thing about sustainable aviation fuel is the fact that it's a direct dropping, you don't need to change the engine of the plane or anything like that. 
Obviously, we believe that 50 years from now, most of these planes, especially the short-haul ones will be fueled by hydrogen. But I think that in the meantime, right now, sustainable airline fuel is -- SAF is the solution and everybody wants it, not only the airlines, but also companies, some of the biggest companies in the world that they want to take credit for decarbonizing their business travel. So the demand is very high on that. We are very excited about that project.

Well, I'm going to turn this question to Dr. Serhan to answer because he runs the business on a day-to-day basis. But obviously, we are not going to disclose the contribution of these projects. But Dr. Serhan mentioned that they are seeing significant additional inquiries, but I'll let him make a comment. Dr. Serhan, would you like to...

Mike, our helium business, it's a business that we don't usually talk about the details of that, but -- in terms of how much contribution and all of that. It's a great business. We are the world leader on that. The fact of the matter is that the world expected that a very large projects that will produce helium, called the Amur project in Russia, would be onstream in 2021. And that would put a lot of helium in the market. And therefore, it would have a negative price -- negative effect on pricing. That was the expectation. In starting up those plants in Russia, they had 1 explosion in 1 train, and then 6 months later, they had an explosion in the second train. So nothing came -- no helium came out of Russia in 2021, and nothing has come out of it in 2022 yet.
But now on top of the fact that they have to repair those units because of the damage that was done, now you have the issue of the sanctions on Russia. So I am not sure that even when they are ready to bring that material to the market, how much of it can they bring on the market considering the sanctions. So as a result of all of that, you would expect that the market for helium would be a little bit tight, and that is what we see. Okay?

Well, I'm very happy that you laid it out like that because it does show that it is a pretty robust forecast. So a 10% each quarter going up. The reason that we feel confident about that is that number one, historically, if you look at our results, we delivered about 47%, 48% of our EPS in the first half and 52%, 53% of our result in the second half. Seasonally, the second half is stronger. So that is one reason. 
The second reason is that we are very confident about the fact that we can deal with inflation and energy cost increases by increasing prices. So as a result, and I hope the investors get some comfort about that looking at our results, that we have that capability. And I think that is one of the most important things that I hope people notice about our results, that we have the capacity and the ability to do that. And the only reason we can do that is because our products that our customers need and our products are not a significant part of our customers' cost. So with the increased prices, we are not increasing the final price of the product that the customer sells to the market that much. 
So we have the ability to recover that. So therefore -- and then with the volumes, we are optimistic that at least -- I don't know what's going to happen in Asia, but we are optimistic that at least in the U.S. and in Europe, we will see some pent-up demand because of -- now that the COVID is easing out, and therefore, we will see better volumes.

The $2 billion is just related to NEOM. The other things that you're talking about are additional costs to that $2 billion.

May I just focus on your question to make sure that I understood it correctly.

Well, our JVs right now, if you add up the sales of our JVs, I think we disclosed that publicly. Simon, we do disclose it publicly, so I can mention that, right?

Yes. Our sales from JVs is getting close to more than $2.5 billion. So we see a very good growth in our JVs. Our major JVs are an excellent company that we had in Italy called Sapio. We have an outstanding company in India. And as Dr. Serhan mentioned, they are going very fast with 20 new plants under construction. And then we had a great JV in Thailand, and significant joint venture in Mexico. Those 4 -- and obviously, we have a JV in Taiwan that we fully consolidated. But these JVs, they're all very good companies, longly established companies, and they are doing very well because some of those economies are doing well. So we expect those to continue to grow. 
And then our merchant business, right now, I think our on-site business is about 20 -- about 52%, 53%, 55% of our portfolio, and we expect that with all of the big projects that we are doing, that we would end up our on-site business, if you look at it 10 years from now, it might grow to be about 60 -- I mean, 70% of our business, but that doesn't mean that our merchant business is shrinking. Our merchant business should continued to grow. The percentage will come down because the whole company will become a much bigger company.

I wouldn't characterize it that way because those are different countries, different dynamics and all of that. But usually, the second half of the year is stronger for most people usual.

John, if I start disclosing that since I know the results for the month of April, it's kind of talking about the quarter while we are in the middle of it. But let me just, in general, say that April was a little bit worse than the month of March. Yes, let me put it that way. The situation compared to March hasn't improved. I hope it does improve. But it's totally unpredictable, John. I don't think even the Chinese authorities know that in terms of -- it just depends on the spread and number of cases of COVID, right?

I'll give Melissa to think about this thing before I turn it over to her to answer the specific question. But with respect to Jazan, there is no step-up. I mean, what you saw in the second quarter is a pretty good -- is a representation of what that will do every quarter until the phase 2 comes onstream. So now if you are taking the contribution that we have had and annualizing, they can say that where is the $0.88, I think we should get to that. I think Melissa mentioned that it will get to that. But Melissa, would you like to make any comments on this?

Sure. We are doing very well in that regard. We are getting projects which are more than our so-called traditional share of the market. We are very successful in the electronic industry. As you saw on the projects that we have announced and there are some projects that we haven't announced. And in the other things like oxygen plants and nitrogen generators and so on, we certainly are winning our share of the market. So if you look at the industrial gases business worldwide and look at our market share, which is about, I think, 14%, 15%, 17% depending -- you look at it, we certainly are winning more than that in terms of the so-called traditional hydrogen generator, oxygen generators and electronic high-purity nitrogen generators. We are doing fine there, and we are very pleased with that.

Sure. I mean, our challenge in the United States is that you know that we are obviously a very big trucking company because we have all of these trucks developing -- delivering product to our customers. I don't mind telling you that we right now have had in the last quarter about 150 positions open for truck drivers that we cannot get. So despite that, we are delivering product to our customers and so on. But you know what that means? That means that our costs increased. Number one, we have to offer a lot more to hire drivers. And number two, people have to work significant amounts of overtime in order to compensate for the shortage of the drivers that they have. So that is creating an issue for us, but that has been with us in the last 2 quarters. and the effect of that on our bottom line is included in the second quarter. So in the next few quarters, I don't think the situation will get worse. But I think we owe it to describe what the challenges are.

Okay. Number one, I'll answer your second part of the question. The hydrogen plants that we have supply this thing now when it comes on the screen, will be the regular SMRs. But in the future, we can put CO2 capture on those, but capturing CO2 in Southern California, you have a challenge of what do you do with it. Our plan in the long term, in the long term, is to try to supply that facility with green hydrogen, which we can bring to Los Angeles from our different plants making green hydrogen and use our pipeline to deliver that. So that is how we would super decarbonize. 
In terms of the price competitive pricing, as you know, the new cell sustainable airline fuel to an airline, you charge them a certain amount, but then there is the incentives, the low LCFS, low carbon fuel subsidies that people get. So theoretically, you can sell me a gallon of sustainable aviation fuel for $5 or $6, which is the price that you pay for the conventional thing. But then one can get about $3 to $4 or sometimes more than that, depending on the carbon intensity as a subsidy, which is -- it's a tradable commodity right now. So as a result, the end result will be as if you're selling it for $9 or $10 a gallon these days. So that is how that is. Therefore, it is very competitive.

The source of hydrogen recovery is basically the fact that the refineries are running harder because the demand for gasoline has gone up.

Well, thank you very much. I would like to take a moment and thank everybody for their participation in our call. We appreciate your good questions, and we look forward to talking to you in about 3 months about our third quarter results. In the meantime, stay safe and have a wonderful day. Thank you very much.