Thank you, Simon, and good day to everyone. We thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call today. We are living at a time that all humanity faces significant challenges. The most important and immediate one is the battle against the deadly virus that has already taken many lives and continues to ravage communities around the globe. We can only fight this deadly and global virus if we work together and stay united. In my more than 45 years in business, I have learned that all problems, no matter how challenging, can be solved if we stay focused and united working toward the common goal. 
So it is in this spirit of working together as a team that I want to acknowledge the united and extraordinary efforts of all the talented, committed and resilient people of Air Products around the world. They work hard every day to provide critical products and services to our customers. Our people working in solidarity and in a determined way, have made it possible for us to keep our 750 facilities around the world operating during this unprecedented crisis. They are the ones who are making it possible for us to deliver the good results we see this quarter. And they are the ones who are pushing forward with developing and executing major world-class projects to ensure our growth in the future. They are the ones who, through their actions every day, give meaning to our higher purpose as a company, which is to help humanity move forward in a sustainable way and bring people together to help solve energy and environmental challenges. Our people are the soul of our company, and I am very proud to stand with them. 
Now please turn to Slide #3. As always, safety is the most important focus for all of us at Air Products. It's our moral responsibility to keep our people safe and our goal will always be 0 accidents and incidents. Despite the challenging COVID-19 conditions, our team continues to focus on working safely, following our strict protocols to help protect themselves, our customers and our communities. 
On Slides 4, 5 and 6, you can again see our goal, our management philosophy, and our 5-point plan for moving forward. These are the principles that we follow every day. They drove our performance improvement in the past and will continue to guide us in the future. While we have accomplished a great deal in the past 6 years, transforming Air Products and delivering superior performance, I always prefer to focus on the future because I prepare the dreams of the future through the history of the past. 
I have shared our dreams of the future with you before, which you can see highlighted on Slide #7. I would like to repeat them again. Our dream of the future is to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. Our dream of the future is to be the largest American chemical company as measured by market capitalization. Our dream of the future is to be the leader in providing solutions to the world's significant energy and environmental challenges. And we believe Air Products has a higher purpose beyond delivering superior financial results, bringing people together to work together and deliver sustainable solutions that benefit our customers and our world. This is what drives us every day. 
Now please turn to Slide #8. I'm proud to say that during the past 12 months, we have made significant progress in making these dreams a reality. We have significantly improved our safety record. Our margins remain highest in the industry. We announced our new sustainability goals, including carbon intensity reduction and diversity goals. These are consistent with our growth opportunities and our higher purpose. We helped drive our market cap increase by improving our earnings per share by over 10% on average over the last 6 years, with positive EPS growth in 2020 despite the negative impact of COVID-19 pandemic. We have continued to create and win projects that help customers and countries meet their growing needs for cleaner energy and environmental solutions. 
Let me share a few of the examples of these large important projects that demonstrate progress on our strategy. We've won 4 world-scale LNG heat exchanger projects over the last year, including the Qatargas megaproject, and the project in Mexico that we announced earlier this week. These projects are already contributing to our bottom line as we continue to complete them for our customers. We are executing the Gulf Coast Ammonia project in the U.S. Gulf Coast and have acquired the hydrogen assets of our PBF customer in California and Delaware. These projects will further enhance our hydrogen leadership position in the United States.  We announced the $2 billion coal-to-methanol project, categorized as a national strategic project by the Indonesian government to support energy development and transition and reduce the country's reliance on fuel imports. We also announced the innovative NEOM project in Saudi Arabia to provide the world with a robot map to transition to carbon-free that is green hydrogen, the energy source of the future. 
Now please turn to Slide #9. We remain committed to delivering superior financial performance. And as I said, our people also know they are supporting the higher purpose in the work they do every day. Our industrial gas enterprise is critical to the success of dozen industries and the scope and complexity of our megaprojects require talented people with a variety of skills and backgrounds from different parts of the world to work together as one team. We are proud to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together to collaborate and develop these innovative solutions for some of the most significant energy and environmental challenges in the world. That is our higher purpose that inspires our team and drives us every day. 
Now please turn to Slide #10, which highlights our key gasification projects. We are committed to our gasification strategy and are pursuing exciting projects around the world. We continue to see countries and large companies, driving to convert low-value feedstock into high-value products. They have identified gasification as the best way to use abundant, low-value resources like coal, petcoke and refinery volumes in a sustainable manner. And we are in the best position to work with them and help them deliver better, more sustainable solutions that benefit their economies and their people. We do expect to announce additional gasification projects in the future. 
Now specifically, I would like to give you an update on the 2 largest gasification projects, which I discussed during our last earnings call. First, our $12 billion acquisition of the Jazan Gasifier and Power Plant from Saudi Aramco. Since our last call with investors on November 11, 2020, we have continued our discussions with Saudi Aramco to finalize all of the contracts, arrange the financing and move towards the financial close. I am encouraged by the progress we have made in the last 3 months. And I would especially like to thank the Saudi Aramco very senior management for the positive steps they have taken to move this transaction forward. We obviously still have work to do to bring this significant project to a final conclusion. But I am more optimistic than I was 3 months ago. 
The second project we discussed on the last earnings call was Lu'An. We have reached an agreement with Lu'An to temporarily reduce our fixed monthly fee during the time that the plant is shut down. And Lu'An has agreed to extend the length of the contract, which improves our return. Lu'An did pay us the reduced monthly fee for the months of October, November and December. We continue to believe that the plan will be restarted during this fiscal year. 
Now please turn to Slide #11, which reflects our recently announced 12% dividend increase, raising our quarterly dividend to $1.50 per share for an annual rate of $6 a share. This dividend increase is a reminder that while we continue to develop our exciting growth opportunities, we have significant cash flow that supports this substantial dividend increase, the 39th consecutive year of increase for Air Products. 
And finally, Slide #12, shows our EBITDA margin. As always, my favorite slide, that it shows that the margin is up over 1,400 basis points since 2014. I am very proud of our team who continue to deliver EBITDA margins of nearly 40% for the quarter despite the challenges facing us. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to provide a financial overview. Scott?

Thank you, Scott. Now please turn to Slide #17 for our Asia results. Compared to last year, currency, price and energy pass-through resulted in a 4% increase in sales despite weaker volumes. Currency, favorable across most key countries, contributed 6%. Overall, price rose 1% for the region, which represents a 3% increase for merchant products. I'd like to remind you that pricing was positive for Asia for the 15th consecutive quarter and particularly strong in Korea and Taiwan this quarter. 
Volumes were down 4%, with new plants more than offset by Lu'An, while the merchant business remained stable. Despite the impact of lower volumes, a strong price and favorable currencies kept EBITDA -- we kept EBITDA relatively stable. EBITDA margin at almost 48% was 240 basis points lower, primarily driven by lower volumes, mostly from Lu'An. Sequentially, sales were up 1% with favorable currencies more than offsetting the weaker volumes, EBITDA increased 4%, primarily driven by lower costs, while favorable currency offset the negative impact of weaker volumes. 
Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to talk about our Americas results.

Thank you, Simon. Now please go to Slide #22. As we look forward, unfortunately, we do not expect the COVID-19 global crisis to moderate anytime soon. This will continue to have a negative impact on the economies of most of the countries we operate. We have confidence that the vaccine will help to reverse the course, but the rollout is still in early stages and the pace of vaccination is hard to predict. As a result, we continue to find it very difficult to make any reasonable projections about the course of economic activity around the world. Therefore, we are not providing EPS guidance or CapEx guidance for quarter 2 or for our fiscal year 2021 at this time. We hope the outlook will be less uncertain in April. And if so, we look forward to providing you guidance then. 
However, I want to share with you what we are seeing so far this quarter, that is in the month of January and as of today in February. Representing about half of our sales, our on-site business has been stable, and we expect this to continue. With respect to our merchant business, in Asia, our merchant volumes are down slightly versus where they were at the same time last year, which is before the virus crisis began. So the volumes have reached almost precrisis levels. 
In Europe, we are off to a weaker start following the holiday season and continue to see a larger impact on our packaged gases business versus the liquid bulk business. In Americas, merchant volumes remain down, and I would like to remind you again that we do not have a packaged gas business in North America. 
As we move forward, we remain committed to executing our growth strategy, providing sustainable solutions to help the world meets its increasing needs for cleaner energy. With our strong portfolio, we are able to meet customers' and countries' drive for cleaner and more sustainable solutions. We see great opportunities ahead in gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen for mobility, and we continue to develop and invest in strategic opportunity to drive our growth for decades to come. 
As always, the continued success -- the continue -- I'm sorry, as always, the continued success of this strategy is rooted in the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. Our resilient and focused people understand the critical role they play in safely operating more than 750 facilities around the world, executing broader scale projects that support economic and social development. As Air Products, we will work together to deliver these solutions to our customers and to the world. 
I am proud to say that unlike many other companies, we have not reduced staff or reduced the salary of our people during this pandemic. Indeed, we have continued to strengthen our organization by adding the resources necessary to pursue great opportunities. We have stood by our people. 
In closing today, I would like to thank all of our dedicated and hard-working people around the world who continue to deliver despite these challenging times. I am proud to be working with them every single day. Now we are pleased to answer your questions.

Duffy, thank you for your question. With respect to Lu'An, we -- as I said, we had negotiated a reduction of fixed fee during the time the plant is shut down. But Lu'An has agreed to extend the contract. So once the plant comes back on stream, our overall return will be a little bit better than before. 
The second thing is that with respect to NEOM, we are finalizing the agreements and all of that, you know how it is and doing pre-engineering and all of that. We hope to break ground sometime in May-June time frame, and we have ordered some of the long-term items. We are in the process of doing that in very -- in the next few days. And we expect, obviously, then everything to come on stream as we go forward for a start-up in 2025.

Kevin, first of all, I mean, you -- the way you are asking the question about Lu'An as if it is a -- something that -- I mean, Lu'An is a specific case, we have gone through that with you in terms of what is happening. We do have 4 other gasification projects in China. They are operating. There is no issue. They have been paid for the past few years. And we continue to being -- continue that. And with Lu'An, the fact that we agreed to a decrease while the plant is shut down, is a sign that we are trying to work with the customer because there is a lot -- plenty of new opportunities. 
So there is no change in our view about investing in China. We have had an excellent experience. We are having EBITDA margins of 48%. We see significant opportunities. That is the economy of the future and to ignore it would be really shortsighted. And therefore, we continue to be committed to that country the way we have been before. 
With respect to exactly quantifying those 2 numbers that you want to do, I'm as hesitant to do that because then we will tell you exactly what are the terms and conditions of our contract with Lu'An and with sale of equipment, and that is not very wise for us to do that. I hope you give us a pass on that.

Vincent, thank you for bringing your very thoughtful question. I know that everybody is very optimistic, wants to be optimistic, all of us have been wanting to be optimistic, way back in the summer, then the number of cases have got down, the number of deaths were down, and then you saw what happened. I have no idea what is going to happen. I hope that vaccine and all of that will work. But there is still 4,000 people a day are dying. The number of cases is now -- has come down, but still, there is 100,000 cases. I don't know whether there will be another round, there will be another variant and so on. 
So we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I know that everybody -- believe me, us, more than anybody else would love to be done with this COVID and go back to our normal lives, but I'm responsible for giving investors a balanced view of what we expect. And I just don't want to run ahead of ourselves and tell everybody that everything is rosy. 
The part of the world, which is especially giving us problem is actually the United States of America, where the volumes are down. So I don't know how it will work out, but if it does, for the better, then we are in a better shape. But we just -- you can accuse us of being conservative, maybe we are, but we just want to have a balanced view of it.

On that one, I would say that you should see the numbers become better as we go forward because a lot of the higher maintenance was driven by the refinery shutdowns and all of that. That's not all under our control. A lot of people took advantage of the COVID thing to have turnarounds. So I'm hoping that those numbers will look better as we go forward.

Helium. We serve a lot of helium to MRI machines and to balloons and all of that. People are not doing elective surgeries, the volumes of helium is down. And people are not having many parties and the general activity is down. So that is one thing. And also the volumes on our hydrogen pipeline is down. Some of it is because of the refineries being shut down. But overall, the activity people are not driving as much. So those are the things that has been causing us trouble.

Look with respect to Lu'An, there are a lot of different -- you can put in the several different cases about why the plant is shut down, if there's reorganization on all of that. And I don't want to publicly talk about that because it has a reflection on the management of that company, and I don't want to be negative on that. 
But the Lu'An situation will resolve itself, we are confident that, that plant will restart and the arrangement that we have come with the company is accommodating us, accommodating them, and they have a lot of new projects underway, that we want to participate in. So I'm not as worried about Lu'An as our investors seem to be, but we need to wait and see and we report to you what we know as of the time that we are reporting to you.

They are still commissioning the different units of the facility. And we are obviously there, helping them. I believe -- I don't know the exact number, but we almost have close to 200 people helping them commission the facility. I'm not sure that crude has been officially introduced into the stream, and that's a question that should be directed towards Saudi Aramco. But overall, we have, as I said, a large number of people working with the Saudi team in a very productive way to start-up the facility.

About the integrity of the contracts, no, the fact that our customers are not taking as much as they used to take before is a fact. As I told you, the volume in our pipeline in the Gulf Coast is down. But it's very regional. I mean, different parts of the world is different, then, for example, in California, our pipeline volumes are doing okay. So it depends on which region you are. But there is no question that overall, people are not driving as much, and therefore, there is an impact on the refining industry. You know that better than I do.

Well, the things that we have to discuss is, as I told you before, Jeff, one was the fact that when we initially negotiated the contract with Saudi Aramco, we expected a significantly higher interest rate for the $7.2 billion of debt that we have to finance. Today, because of the market condition, the actual interest rates are obviously lower than that. So the issue that we have had to negotiate and we have negotiated that, but is -- how much of that saving goes to each party. That's basically -- I mean, we were assuming X amount of interest. Now it is lower, therefore, the -- so who gets the benefit of it and how much of it. So that was one issue in terms of negotiation. 
The second thing is that we are trying to erase $7.2 billion of debt. That is not an easy task with a lot of banks involved and all of that, and that, the terms, conditions and all of that. So those are the 2 issues that we need to work out. 
In terms of how long it takes I think -- I'm hoping that we will be done with this thing by the May, June. But it takes time and it is unpredictable. There is a lot of factors. This is a geopolitical thing. The view of the banks changes every day, the view of Saudi Aramco changes every day. So I'm not pessimistic. I'm actually optimistic. I think we'll get this thing done at some point in time. But the issue -- those are the 2 issues that we are working on. I think one of them, we have worked on. I think you have an understanding with the senior management of Aramco in terms of what we're going to do in terms of sharing of the profit. But the devil is in the details, all of this has to be translated into actual contract language and the debt has to be a arranged. So that's what is taking time.

Scott, would you please answer that? I don't have the [indiscernible]

P.J., number one, we have 4 other gasification projects that are working. It is a specific issue related to Lu'An. And as much as people would like me to convert that into economic reason, I think it has to do, and I need -- as I said, I need to be careful because I don't want to say anything kind of implying that there is a little bit of a confusion with the management there and so on. But the state of Chongqing has decided to consolidate all of the chemical facilities into one facility. 
They have new people and all of that, and those people have said we want to look at everything and look at our options and all of that. That is more of a reason for keeping the plant shut down than anything to do economically and all of that. But the fact that coal prices are higher in China significantly in the last few months because of the winter, and the fact that the parent company can sell coal, I mean, you can make a lot of theoretical argument, but it's just basically that the new management is taking their time trying to assess their options.

Yes, it will. Yes, it will. But I have to say that our team in Europe is doing a wonderful job. The results that they have produced this last quarter, considering what's going on there is very, very good. They have their act together. They keep pushing the pricing, and they are doing a very good job. But if COVID goes away, there is significant upside there. Yes, absolutely.

The day that we do the financial close, we are online. Whether the refinery is online or not, that our bid is a fixed BFC thing, as like other deals. So the day that we do the financial closing, the next day, we will see the benefit of the EPS on our bottom line. So you need to look for the announcement about the financial cost. Yes.

David, I'm not going to go there. I have no idea. I mean, we are working on other projects and all of that. But for me to be that specific, would not be responsible when those things are very big projects. We are working on other projects. But to be that specific, I can't be that. You need to give me a pass on that, too.

No. We still believe that on the average, in the next 5 or 6 years, we will deliver about 10%, the same way that we have done in the last 6 years. My view hasn't changed on that. That is our goal, and we will make that happen and we'll do our best to make it happen. There is no fundamental structure or reason that -- yes, go ahead.

Well, in '21, if -- quite frankly, if COVID subsides, Lu'An starts and we close on Jazan at a reasonable time, then the 10% increase should not be too much of a problem. It depends. We are not giving any guidance, not only because of COVID, but also because of these 2 big things can have an effect. So we just need to be a little bit patient to see how the bidding works out. But we, obviously, I'm very optimistic about the future of Air Products. For sure. That's why I bought a lot of shares in December, as you know. So I'm personally, I'm very optimistic, but we have to give you a balanced picture here.

Steve, you have a very good insight. That's a very good observation. We don't want to talk about it too much because that is really not our business. But fundamentally, what you are saying -- all of the things that you are saying are correct, and that can actually be an upside for us. Yes, I agree with all of your statements.

There are significant number of coal gasification projects and their consideration, not only in China but also in India and Indonesia. Those are the places where we see the most activity. And we expect, I think, with COVID, everybody pulled back, as you know, very well in terms of capital expenditure and so on. But as time goes by, we do -- we are optimistic about gasification. We have a very, very strong position there. Quite frankly, we are by far the market leader. And if there is another gasification project in the world, I would bet you 90%, that Air Products will get that. So I think that we continue to be optimistic about that.

First of all, John, hopefully you're well. And secondly, your statement is totally accurate. That means that as soon as this thing is done, we will see the impact on our bottom line, kind of in line with what you would expect.

John, I'll provide you an answer, and then I would like Scott to comment on that if he wants. But the biggest impacts are maintenance costs; the second significant impact is lower helium volumes; and the third impact is that the refineries have slowed down a bit. Those are -- and the fourth one is that the U.S. economy is still struggling, my friend. Everybody is talking about these great rosy things. But on the ground, we don't see that yet. So those are the 4 reasons. Scott, do you want to make any further comments?

Chris, the carbon capture opportunities are being driven. Things look even rosier than before because one thing is capturing carbon to help environments and all that. But there is a significant push right now, as I talked to the investors in the last 1.5 years to the last 2 years, that the transition to the hydrogen economy will be gray hydrogen then blue hydrogen and then green hydrogen. There is a significant demand now for so-called blue hydrogen. That people are thinking about making ammonia where you capture the CO2 that is generated, then you make the hydrogen. And therefore, the ammonia is called blue and then especially Japan wants to take that ammonia and blow it directly into their boilers for their power plants, and that is how they are going to decarbonize. 
So there is significant demand, a lot of conversations about so-called blue ammonia and blue hydrogen and all of that. We are working our carbon capture. We continue to work on carbon capture. And as I said, we will, in time, announce appropriate projects of the meaningful size to show you that we are making progress on this thing. This is something I've been talking to you about for 2, 4 years. It takes -- just like in NEOM, it takes 5 or 6 years to develop these projects. So we are working on them. And hopefully, we're going to have some news for you in the years to come.

Chris, one of the things that one does in life is that you learn from your past experience, right? We have gotten a lot of heartburn because we announced Jazan before it was a done deal, and now you see every quarter we have to explain it. 
So in Indonesia, we are obviously talking about gasification projects in Indonesia. We have been telling you, we have been doing that for the past 3.5 years. I met the ministers there 4 years ago. But we haven't done anything that is announceable yet. We have talked to people, we have talked about projects and all of that. And we don't want to do anything again like Jazan to come and say, "Oh, we have signed the memorandum of understanding and all of that." And then every quarter, we have to explain why it didn't become a project. 
These projects are very complex. It depends on the actions of a lot of government agencies. It changes the course of some of the countries, there are significant impacts on people who import product who now are not going to be important but is very complex, and we just don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I have read all of those reports, I've seen all of those reports, but we just want to be responsible when we announce something when we think is going to be a real project rather than just discussions. And I hope you have some patience with us, Chris.

But if it never -- you're talking about, but if the plant never starts?

We have agreed with a reduced fee. We will wait another -- as long as it takes, for a few quarters to see whether they restart or not. But if they come and say, we are never going to start this plant, then we have a contract. We will go to -- we will go to court and enforce our contract. 
Our contract is very clear about what happens if this customer shuts down. It is very clear. It is very defendable, and we are very confident about the outcome of that. But we didn't want to go to court and start enforcing that because we don't know what -- the customer has never told us that they are shutting this thing down permanently. And we didn't want to prematurely destroy our relationship with the customers. So it's a matter of being patient and working with your customer. I mean, it is next year at this time, and they haven't even started yet and they have sent us a letter that they are going to mothball the plant, then we go to court and enforce our contract.

Well, the way they are different is the same thing with gasification and everything else. The main reason that we are doing what we are doing is that we want to be competitive and put our customers in a competitive position to use green hydrogen. You cannot do it at small scale. The scale-up that we are doing is that it's not as if you are taking a technological risk . We are not. I mean, what are we doing at NEOM. We are building, yes, 4 gigawatts, 3.5 gigawatts, 4 gigawatts of wind and solar. That's known technology. It's no big deal. Then we are building 650-tonne a day electrolysis. And everyone says, "Oh, my God." Yes, but how are we doing that? We are going to take 30 of those 20-megawatt things that you said and put them together. So there is no risk in there. 
And then the ammonia plant, we are building 1 million-tonne ammonia plants all over the place. So we are not taking any technological risk. What we are doing is that we are creating a megaproject so that we get the benefit of the economy of scale. That's number one. 
And then the second thing is that all of these people who are announcing these different plants, the source of electricity is not green, and we are creating a green source of electricity. But the main thing is we are doing megaprojects because that is how you, number one, make it economically feasible. And number two, unless somebody like us makes a commitment to make a big project, people are not going to convert. 
I mean, if you own buses in San Francisco, you are not going to go and convert them to fuel cell vehicles, if you don't have an assurance that you will have the green hydrogen to put in, then what's the point of converting? So when you know that somebody is spending $6 billion, $7 billion to build the infrastructure, then you get the confidence. That is the difference in terms of what we are doing and what they are doing. It's not a big technological risk, but it's being the first and being the people, the first ones who develop the infrastructure. 
I mean, I don't want to make big comparisons here, but what is to making an electric car, I mean, my God, it's a motor and a gearbox, right? But look at the Tesla and look at the GM and Volkswagen. Those guys took the decision that first and everybody said, well, this is not going to work out because it's no big deal. GM can do this anytime. Well look at the where their stock is and where GM's stock is. There is significant advantage to be the first mover and you have to move on a big scale in order to make it economical for your customers to have confidence that you're going to have the product when they convert their fleet. So that is what we are doing. 
I have no comment about what our competitors are doing. They are -- I'm sure they are very smart people. And people like yourself, you question them about what they are doing and what they are not doing, and I don't want to make any comment on that. But for sure, I hope we know what we are doing and what we are doing is go for a scale, go for economy of scale, when you have the opportunity and produce a real green hydrogen, not these toy things at 10-tonne and 20-tonne a day, that really doesn't -- but beside that, we are doing those things. We are building a 30-tonne a day plant hydrogen in [indiscernible]. We are building 30-tonne plant hydrogen in other parts of the world. So that's not a big deal. But the mega-scale is the future.

Well, once again, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for listening to our presentation, and thanks for your good questions. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. As I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy, and all the best to all of you and your families. Thank you again.