Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call today. We do appreciate your interest in Air Products. 
For the quarter and the year, the talented, committed and motivated team at Air Products delivered another excellent set of safety and financial results. Our full year adjusted earnings per share of $7.45 is up 18%. This is the highest annual EPS in Air Products' history and our fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth. Our record quarterly adjusted earnings per share of $2 is up 14% versus last year. I'd like to remind everybody that this is the 18th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year quarterly earnings per share growth. 
We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world with an EBITDA margin of about 35%. 
We have the strongest financial position in our industry. This allows us to continue to commit a significant amount of capital to grow Air Products into the future. 
We generated over $10 per share of distributable cash flow this year and returned about 40% of that, or almost $900 million to our investors via dividend. 
Our team continues to prove their ability to execute the largest and most complex projects in the history of our industry, successfully completing megaprojects in India, Saudi Arabia, China and the United States. And most importantly, we have a great team of dedicated, talented and committed people at Air Products who stay focused on working hard every day to serve our customers and create value for our shareholders. 
Now please turn to Slide #3. We continue to improve our safety results with a reduction of 75% in our lost time injury rate and a reduction of 50% in our recordable injury rate. These results can only happen when all of our 15,000 employees around the world are committed to safety and continuous improvement. 
On Slide #4, you can see our goal for the company: to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. 
Now please turn to Slide #5. You can see our overall management philosophy that we have talked to you about many times over the last 4 years. But it is worth repeating because we continue to be focused on shareholder value, capital allocation and an empowered and decentralized organization. 
Now please turn to Slide #6. This is our updated Five-Point Plan that I have shared with you last quarter. We remain focused on sustaining our lead in safety and operational performance. We see tremendous opportunities to deploy capital in value-creating projects in our core industrial gas business, primarily in our onsite business. Scott will take you through the numbers, but let me provide you a quick overview of our progress. 
In fiscal year 2018, we have spent about $1.5 billion on just the growth projects, including M&A. In addition, we have more than $6 billion remaining to spend on our already committed future investment opportunities. 
You have heard Scott and I emphasize many times that we are committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. At that rating, we believe we have almost $14 billion remaining available to invest, including debt capacity today and investable cash flow over the next 4 years. So we have already spent or committed about half of the total $15 billion available over the next 5-year period of fiscal year '18 to fiscal year '22. This is great progress so far, and I remain very confident and I repeat, very confident, of our ability to deploy the rest of this capital into high-return industrial gas projects that generate significant value for our shareholders. 
The fourth point of our plan is to continue to further improve our 4S culture, meaning safety, simplicity, speed and self-confidence. And we are working to create an environment where our committed and motivated team brings their positive attitudes and open minds to work every day. And finally, we do have a higher purpose to create an open and diverse environment for all of our people so that everyone feels that they belong and their contribution is valued. 
Let me be clear, this is Air Products' Five-Point Plan and we remain focused on executing this strategy regardless of what others may do in our industry. Our goal is not to be the biggest, but to be the best industrial gas company. 
Now please turn to Slide #7 for a summary of our fiscal year accomplishments. I want to thank the very hard-working teams who have successfully executed some of the largest projects in the history of our industry. We completed the first year of operation of the large industrial gas complex for BPCL Refinery in Kochi, India. This project took more than 10 million man hours to build, and we did this without any safety incidents. The facility has successfully supplied hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen and steam that enables BPCL to produce cleaner fuels. 
We reached a critical milestone as the largest air separation unit project in the history of our industry attained mechanical completion. The Jazan, Saudi Arabia Air Separation Unit complex was completed with 0 lost time injuries in 25 million man hours of work, a tremendous accomplishment by the team, particularly given the remote location and local climate challenges. Just to put that in context for you, that is equivalent to over 1,000 people working over 10 years with no lost time injuries. We expect the 6 air separation units to come on stream in 2019. 
We successfully closed and started up the Lu'An China Air Separation Unit and Gasifier joint venture, which has successfully been supplying syngas to Lu'An for their chemical production. The plant is fully operational with all 4 gasifiers in service. This is a great accomplishment for our China team, and I congratulate and thank them for a job well done. 
In June, we held a ribbon-cutting event for our new world-class steam methane reformer in Baytown, Texas that provides CO and hydrogen to Covestro and other customers along our Gulf Coast pipeline network. It's great to see these projects starting up and contributing to our growth, but most importantly, it demonstrates to our customers and our employees that Air Products can be counted on to successfully deliver on our commitments, safely building and operating large complicated projects that provide critical gas supply to our customers.
Our proven reliability and successful execution of these projects helped us to win additional projects in China, Korea, India, Louisiana and Texas for customers in the electronics, chemical and manufacturing markets. One of these is for Eastman in Kingsport, Tennessee, where we have been successfully supplying oxygen and nitrogen to their cold gasifiers for 35 years. 
We continue to commit to world-class engineering and technology resources where we need them around the world, including Saudi Arabia, India and China. These are in addition to our existing engineering and technology capabilities in the U.S., U.K. and China. 
And in January, we announced a $0.15 dividend increase, the largest in the company's history. This 16% increase marks the 36th consecutive year Air Products has increased our dividend. In fiscal year '18, we shared about 40% of our distributable cash flow, or about $900 million with our investors via the dividend. 
And with our focus on creating our own growth opportunities, we continue to successfully execute on our gasification strategy, so please turn to the next slide, Slide #8. Gasification is a process that has been in existence for many years, and Air Products has been involved in this market for many years. The process basically use oxygen plus coal, liquids or natural gas to produce synthetic gas, which is a combination of carbon monoxide and hydrogen. This syngas can then be used to produce chemicals, diesel fuel, high-end olefins, polymers, hydrogen and/or power. Gasification has significant benefits that it enables an environmentally friendly way to use lower-value feedstocks. 
Over the last few years, Air Products was successful in building very large air separation units to provide oxygen to customers operating their gasifiers in China and Saudi Arabia. Over the last year, we announced 4 large projects where Air Products will own and operate the gasifiers and syngas cleanup and provide syngas or related products to our customers. The key is that these projects are consistent with our onsite business model where we don't take any raw material or product volume or price risk. 
First, I mentioned the Lu'An project that is successfully supplying syngas to Lu'An for their chemical production. Second, in August, we announced the $8 billion Gasifier/Power project in Jazan, Saudi Arabia, the same site where we just finished building the world's largest air separation unit complex. This project continues to move forward, and we continue to expect onstream late in calendar year 2019. Third, we continue to make great progress on the $3.5 billion air separation unit gasifier project to provide syngas to Yankuang in Shaanxi province. We expect our ownership of the joint venture to be 55% to 60%, with the project expected onstream in 2022. And finally, we also announced an agreement for the first 100% Air Products gasifier project to provide syngas to Jiutai in China, expected onstream in 2022. 
A key aspect of our strategy is the critical gasification technology. Please turn to Slide #9 for an overview of Air Products' 2 gasification technologies. We have already seen the benefits of our acquisition and joint venture for the Shell solids and liquid gasification technology. This is the same technology being used in the Lu'An and Jazan gasifiers. This is a very well proven technology, with hundreds of gasifiers built over the last few decades. 
Another complement is our recent announcement yesterday to acquire the GE gasification business and technology. The GE gasifier technology was originally developed by Texaco and also hundreds of units built over the last few years. We view these technologies as complementary. There are specific feedstock and product situations for which one technology or the other is better suited. These are technology acquisitions that put us in a better position to win the very large gasification onsite projects in the future. 
Now please turn to Slide #10, which shows the results of our 3 key metrics for the quarter. We remain committed to our goal to be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each of these 3 key metrics. 
Now please go to Slide #11, which has always been my favorite slide, showing that approximately 1,000 basis points improvement in our EBITDA margin in the last 4 years. 
Finally, please turn to Slide #12. Over the last 4 years, I have stressed the fact that we are committed to deliver at least 10% per year growth in our EPS over the long term. You can see that we have actually delivered 14% compounded annual growth over the last 4 years, and this year, we delivered 18% growth. We will continue to execute our strategy that we believe will drive our EPS by at least 10% per year on average over the coming years. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our results in detail. Scott?

Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide #19, Gases Asia, where we continue to deliver strong sales and profit growth, thanks to the efforts of our excellent and committed team in Asia. Sales increased 15% versus last year, driven by very strong volume growth and higher prices. Volumes were up 14%, with new projects driving about 10% of the increase, while base business and acquisitions were roughly equal to the rest. Lu'An was a significant contributor this quarter, responsible for about half of the total sales growth. 
Pricing for the region was up 3% versus last year, the sixth consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement. This also marked a 2% sequential increase from the prior quarter, showing the continuing strength in this region's merchant market, primarily in China. Strong base volumes, the addition of Lu'An and favorable pricing drove profits and margins higher. 
EBITDA increased over 20% and EBITDA margin improved 210 basis points compared to prior year. Consistent with our prior guidance, Lu'An contributed about $0.04 of EPS this quarter. As I said, we are pleased that all 4 gasifier trains have come on stream and expect Lu'An to contribute more than $0.25 earnings per share in fiscal year '19. We continue to believe that our business in China will improve in the coming year, and we have not seen any negative impact as a result of the imposed tariffs. 
Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to discuss our Americas results. Scott?

Thank you, Simon. Our team around the world, all of us, continue to be very excited about Air Products' future. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation for our continued growth and our Five-Point Plan provides the framework to drive our success going forward. As I said before, we have the financial capacity, the opportunities and the team to successfully win key growth projects.
There is no doubt that there is uncertainty in the world. I guess that's an understatement. And while we cannot predict or control worldwide political or economic developments, we do have control over the operational performance and growth of Air Products, and we are confident we will continue to deliver on the commitments that we have made. 
Let me address what we are seeing relative to global trade relationships and tariffs. Very simply, we have not, and I stress, not seen any material impact on Air Products at this point. Our business is local, so we don't have any direct exposure to import/export tariffs. Also, we have not seen customers changing their behavior or attitude to others, and we have not seen any impact on our major projects or interaction with customers in the different parts of the world. 
Now please turn to Slide #24. We are all working hard every day to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. Our guidance for fiscal year 2019 is for a range of $8.05 to $8.30. At midpoint, our guidance represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. As I said, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitment to grow EPS by more than 10% per year on average in the future. 
For quarter 1 of fiscal year 2019, our earnings per share guidance is $1.85 to $1.90, at midpoint, up 5% over last year's. But I would like to remind you that in quarter 1 of fiscal year '18, there was an $0.08 benefit from a plant sale in Asia that will not repeat. Excluding this item, our quarter 1 guidance is up 10% versus prior year. We expect our capital expenditures to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion in fiscal year 2019. We expect the Jazan gasification power joint venture to close late in calendar 2019, so we have not included this in our fiscal '19 CapEx forecast. We can also see we have about $7 billion of commitments, including projects and M&A. This is up significantly as it now includes the Jazan, Yankuang, Jiutai gasification projects. 
And then please turn to Slide #25. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. That is what allows us to continue to generate our superior safety and operational performance. I want to thank all of our 15,000 people around the world for their total commitment and hard work, and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. And as I always say, I'm very proud to be part of this winning team. 
As you know, execution without strategy is aimless, and our strategy without execution is worthless. Our Five-Point is our strategy. Our people's execution against this strategy in the years to come will ensure our continued success and value creation. 
Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Well, first of all, you are absolutely correct that the margins are the -- kind of the -- marginal contribution has been coming down. You've mentioned the reasons very accurately in Americas, which is a combination of a lot of things, hydrogen turnarounds, driver shortages and a lot of other things that I can delineate for you. And in Europe, we have had a significant issue with power cost that we haven't been able to recover. We are working very hard, and we are hoping that we would reverse these trends in 2019.

Well, overall, our utilization in Europe is still around 78%, 79%. In the U.S., it is approximately the same. In China, it obviously differs from different parts of China. There are parts of China where our utilization is almost 90%, and that is what is helping us to drive the prices up.

The main reasons that -- first of all, good morning, Rob. The main drivers for increasing our EBITDA significantly next year, and as you see, we are suggesting about 10%, but I mean, that is actually more than that if you take away the effect of the tax thing. But fundamentally, the drivers are our growth projects that are coming on stream in China, in India, in the U.S. And then we are hoping that there are some other projects that we haven't announced would materialize. And then in addition to that, we are hoping that the utilization rates will maybe improve slightly in China. I don't know about how it will work out in the U.S. because as you know, manufacturing in the last 6 months in the U.S. has actually gone down. So those are the factors. And then in addition, Bob, I have to say that I'm not that excited about our performance on cost last year, and I'm hoping that we will have additional productivity and cost improvement programs that would help deliver the results.

Well, Bob, first of all, the 1%, I'm sure you know that the 1% is over our total portfolio. So since half of our portfolio is onsite, where we don't have any price increase, therefore, the price increase on our merchant side is really 2%. But as far as the future, because of the nature of our industry, I would hesitate to make any comment on that.

Well, Jeff, I'm obviously very hesitant to make any comments about other people's business. But as I said during my comments, we do not expect any change in our strategy. We have said that publicly, and I recently put out a memo to our own people, we had a strategy, we are executing that strategy and, quite frankly, I do not see any change or any reason for change as a result of the merger because the merger hasn't really changed anything. It's just a little bit moving the pieces on the chess board. So we do not -- and in terms of opportunities, actually, we think that, that might enhance opportunities for us because, usually, there is a customer who was going to divide their business by 4, giving each one of us 25%. Now they would divide it by 3 and, therefore, we will get more share and the other guys will get less shares. So we actually think that, overall, as I said, no change in terms of what we do. And if anything, slightly positive.

On both of those things, we have an agreement with both Shell and GE not to disclose those numbers. I would have not minded disclosing them, but they don't want to do that. And in terms of what we paid for them, let's just say a general thing, that's approximately similar.

Absolutely. Because we bought the business for -- and the Shell business, the acquisition of that has given us significant advantage in knowing the future projects that might happen. So that has been a very successful thing, and I'm very happy that we were able to reach an agreement with GE. It took a very long time. But they have an excellent technology. It's their former Texaco technology. I'm very familiar with that. I was trying to promote that in the 1990s, with Foster Wheeler to try to get BOC in that business, but that didn't happen. So I'm very pleased that we were able to acquire that. Thank you, Jeff.

Secondly, it almost doubles because GE and Shell technologies are approximately equal rate in terms of what is being used and, therefore, it literally doubles the exposure that we have and our ability to promote that technology. And obviously, if we have the technology for a gasifier, our chances of building and owning and operating that gasifier significantly increases.

Sure, John. And John, first of all, Eastman coal gasification project, it is more than replacement. It is actually -- there is some additional volumes that they will need, but that will contribute to our earnings about 3 years from now, once -- after they have built the plant. And in terms of the other things, we also announced Juitai, which is a big project, about $600 million investment, and that is going to come on-stream on 2021.

The principal applications on that is in coal and natural gas gasification. They have an excellent technology for that. And the technology is related to the quality of the coal, the ash content of the coal, whether you use a slurry system and all of that, that is why we were keen to have both Shell and GE because then we can tailor-make it to the specific situation that the customers have.

It's just the issue of some customers going bankrupt, which there isn't plenty of them.

Well, I don't want to comment on the second part. Second thing is that when you look at the GE technology, GE technology has been chosen actually for some very big projects in India. Some of it has been publicly announced. So that, I think, is giving us an opportunity. And then, obviously, we are looking forward to deploying some of these for projects in the U.S. absolutely.

Well, the thing is that our teams are obviously optimistic, but they are in no position to predict what happens to Brexit or what happens to the elections tonight in the U.S. So we are at the mercy of industrial production. GDP really doesn't mean very much to our business because it includes financial activity and people going out to dinner. We are focused on industrial production. And that, we have given you the guidance on the basis of -- we have been a little bit conservative. We don't see significant improvements. So now if for some magic reasons, things significantly improve, we'll benefit from that. But we have been on the cautious side.

So I just think of a situation, if there are 10 projects and half of them are using Shell and half of them are using GE, by owning the GE technology, now we have an opportunity to participate in all 10 rather than 5 of them. So it is complementary, and it does expand our scope. It's actually, a very positive thing.

Can I just add? But that is for the air separation unit part. That means, basically, we are saying that you are not going to see a lot of -- actually, you're going to see a headwind from the air separation part in 2019. But the gasifier part is the big part, and that one is going to be a significant contribution in 2020 after we close it in 2019.

Okay. We see significant opportunities still in the U.S. Some of these projects were delayed, but there are a lot of projects in the U.S., whether they are methanol projects, whether they are ammonia products and all of that. We are obviously involved in all of them, and I hope they materialize because as you know, our preference, if the opportunities existed, that we would invest all of our $15 billion in the U.S. And that goes without saying, this is the place of our home base and this is where we want to invest. So we see still opportunities in the U.S. Then, there are significant, and, I mean, significant opportunities in China. They are -- there's more projects than we can handle, quite honestly, right now. There is -- it's starting to have significant opportunities in India because of the change in the law that they had about coal ownership, so a lot of people are participating in that. And there was a big announcement about a specialized project, which is gasification in India and all that, so we are seeing that. In Saudi Arabia, you have seen the opportunities, and we believe that there will be opportunities in other parts of the world I don't want to be that specific, but the pipeline is pretty robust, and with us being on top of both technologies, which are the key technologies being used, I think we should have a competitive advantage. Obviously, time will tell and the results will back up what we are claiming, but we remain very optimistic.

How about like 50?

Most of these companies that are doing this are state-owned anyway, so they are 100% owned by the government. Therefore, as they invest, they obviously have the support of the government.

Yes, we expect that. I think that the industry has not acted because they are hoping that they would get some help from the White House and delay the implementation, but I don't know where that will go. But in Europe, people are pretty serious about implementing in that and the rest of the world. And we will, in time, see significant demand. But as I said, it hasn't really happened in the U.S. Right now, it will take about 3 years before this thing -- any new plant comes onstream. And I think most of the people here are thinking that at the end of the day, this will become like the auto emission thing. They wait until the last minute, nobody does anything, and then we kind of say, okay, we delay it another 4 or 5 years. That's what the industry is hoping. But I have no insight in terms of what the administration will do.

Well, the first question, I think Simon had a quick answer for that.

Exactly. So it's the effect of the plant in India coming onstream. So we haven't really seen any slowdown in that respect. In terms of industrial production, Don, I mean, you are more of an expert on this than anyone of us here. I mean, we can't predict what's going to happen tomorrow. You can ask me -- I mean, what I can answer is that, in terms of our guidance, the way we have come up with the guidance is that we have assumed that there will be no significant uptick but at the same time, no significant downturn. So we are expecting or we have given you our guidance based on the fact that things will stay about the same. So if there's any significant change up or down, then, obviously, we'll be affected by that.

Well, we theoretically have the ability. And I always, every day, challenge our people to use that ability and the contractual ability to increase the prices, but it obviously depends on what our competitors do. But those are the challenges that we have to face in 2019. And the way we have given you the guidance is that we have assumed that we will overcome those challenges.

The existing ones, I think we are, by far, the most major supplier in terms of sale of gas, yes. But a lot these projects that I'm talking about in the future, obviously, they haven't been built.

We supply to about at least 8 of them, but some of them have 4 or 5 units. So we supply more than 100,000 ton a day of oxygen to these people.

We are not counting on it at all. That's correct.

Great questions. First of all, your first question, yes, it does mean that we are going to spend more on R&D. That is one of the reasons that you see a negative cost earning in 2018 performance. That's very true, and we are committed to make sure that we provide the support for these technologies to improve forward. The other thing is that we are now in China, a partner with Xin Hua. That means that the way we bought these things, we bought all the rights to the gasification -- GE gasifiers outside of China, it's all 100% ours, and in China, we are partner with Xin Hua, which is now called China Energy Corporation. So we are their partners.

It does significantly help. Because hopefully, they will bond to those new gasifiers and all of that, and now we are -- I mean, China Energy Corporation is one of the largest companies in the world. They are operating about, I think, at least 10 gasifiers in China. Most of them do use GE technology. And they have plans for the future. So we are very, very honored and happy to be a partner with the China Energy Corporation, former Xin Hua.

Well, Mike, it's a very good question. Obviously, power costs are going to go up in Europe because -- I mean, you pay a price if you want clean energy, and you don't want to use nuclear power plants, therefore, the cost of renewable energy and all of that is higher. The issue that we have with these power cost and all of that is that when they happen, we have a program, we understand how to increase prices to recover that, which is not easy, but there is a delay factor. So when it happens in a quarter, we are not going to instantly be able to recover that in the same quarter. So usually, we have impact on the quarter, and then 1 or 2 quarters later on, we have increased the prices and we recovered that. So there's a little bit of a phasing here.

Well, again, I mean, what do you want me to say? In terms of competitors, we consider we have 2 competitors. The rest of them are companies. We don't consider them competitors.

Well, first of all, with respect to the first question that you had, let me put this thing in context because we're very careful about how we talk about these things. When we talk about M&A, that includes buying a company, or it includes decaptivation. So we expect that. The second thing is that in terms of spending money, for example, in Jiutai, we signed a contract last year, $600 million, we are going to spend capital on building that plant, obviously, tomorrow and some other projects that they have won. So that is why our capital expenditure for next year, we are giving you a guidance of $2 billion to $2.5 billion, which is almost $1 billion more than this year, which is spending money on the projects we have won so that they come on stream in 2020, 2021.

Well, the thing is that we said that half of our growth -- we have specifically said that Lu'An contributed $0.04 to our bottom line, so that's about $12 million, approximately. And then merchant growth is basically -- then we have some other projects coming on stream in addition to Lu'An and then the merchant volume was about maybe 40% of the increase.
Well, with that, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedules to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day, have a nice holidays and all the best. Thank you.