Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. We do appreciate your interest in Air Products.
Our talented and committed Air Products team delivered another excellent quarter. For the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, our record earnings per share of $1.79 was up 22% versus last year. This is the 15th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year EPS growth. This is also the third consecutive quarter we have delivered EPS growth of more than 15%. We generated strong cash flow and are pleased to announce a dividend increase of 15% per share or 16%, the largest per share increase in our history. Our annual dividend is now $4.40 per share, which equals to returning almost $1 billion per year to our shareholders. We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, with EBITDA margin of over 33%. And most importantly, we have a great team totally focused on delivering strong operating performance while successfully winning exciting new growth opportunities.
Now please turn to Slide #3. You can see the significant progress we continue to make on improving our safety results with a reduction of 71% in our lost time injury rate and a reduction of 52% in our recordable injury rate. This improvement only happens when all of our 15,000 employees around the world are totally focused on safety and operational excellence. This same commitment is also driving our strong financial performance.
Now please turn to Slide #4, which is our goal for the company. As I shared on last quarter's call, we have elevated our commitment to diversity and inclusion by explicitly incorporating it in our goal. This does not dilute our focus on being the safest and most profitable, in fact, being the most diverse will contribute to maintaining our position as the most profitable industrial gas company over the long term. As I've always said, the degree of commitment and motivation of our people is the real sustainable competitive advantage that we have. We want to ensure that we are providing opportunities and the right environment for everyone to conduct -- to contribute and succeed in our company, regardless of their gender, color, race, religion, orientation, country of origin or any other dimension of diversity.
Now please turn to Slide #5, our overall management philosophy that we have talked to you about many times. We continue to be focused on shareholder value, cash generation, capital allocation and an empowered and decentralized organization.
On Slide #6 you can see our Five-Point Plan, which has been the road map to our success.
Now please turn to Slide #7, where I would like to again remind everyone of the progress we have made in the last 3 years. We made promises and we have delivered. We have become the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. We have divested our noncore assets and created the best balance sheet in the industry. And we have delivered greater than 10% per year EPS growth in each of the last 3 years, and our guidance for this year implies another year of over 10% growth.
Now please turn to Slide #8. In summary, we have delivered what we promised and now we are well positioned to grow Air Products. The great thing is that we do have the balance sheet to do it.
Now please turn to Slide #9 to discuss the areas of opportunity for us to invest and move Air Products forward. First, acquisition of small and medium-sized industrial gas companies or assets or businesses from other industrial gas companies.
The second area of opportunity is to purchase existing industrial gas facilities from our customers where we own and operate the plant and sell industrial gases to the customer based on a fixed fee under a long-term contract. This is what we call asset buybacks, and we see opportunities for oxygen and hydrogen plants around the world in this category. We also see the opportunity to expand our scope of supply to include the operation of existing gasification units to supply syngas to our customers based on long-term contracts. Essentially, these opportunities is the same as our traditional onsite business model, something that we do every day, but with existing rather than new production assets. The Lu'An project we described before is a perfect example of this area of growth for us. We expect to do more of these in the coming years.
And the third area of opportunity is very large industrial projects around the world driven by demand for more energy, environmental requirements and emerging market growth. The Jazan project in Saudi Arabia is a great example of how big these opportunities can be. The plant we are building in Jazan is the largest project in the history of the industrial gas industry, with close to $2 billion of capital investment. Some of these new large projects that I'm talking about can also include gasification and syngas supply. The Yankuang project that we announced is another great example of that.
Now please turn to Slide #10 to discuss some of the -- or read some of our recent successes to grow Air Products in line with what I just described, which is consistent with our strategy. First, the tremendous opportunity for Air Products to expand our well-proven onsite business model to supply syngas. And we have some great recent examples.
In September, we announced the $1.3 billion Lu'An syngas joint venture. We continue to make progress on the necessary approvals and hope we can close on this joint venture at some point during fiscal year '18. However, as we did in October, due to some uncertainty in the timing of the necessary government approvals, we have not, and I'd like to stress we have not included any contribution from Lu'An project in our EPS or CapEx guidance for fiscal year '18. We will continue to keep you updated on our progress.
In November, we announced the $3.5 billion syngas joint venture with Yankuang in China. We also continue to make progress on finalizing the contracts and will keep you updated.
And earlier this month, we announced an agreement to acquire Shell's coal gasification technology supporting our syngas supply position and supporting our strategy in this area.
Finally, earlier this week, we announced an agreement to supply syngas to BPCL's Phase 2 petrochemical project in Kochi, India. Our new facility will be integrated with the large plant we brought onstream in 2017 to supply their refinery.
In terms of acquiring assets or -- and plants or the so-called asset buyback that we have been talking about, in December, we announced an ASU asset buyback and long-term industrial gas supply agreements for Jinmei Huayu in China, a great example of a customer becoming more comfortable with the outsourcing sale of gas model. And we recently signed and closed on another deal to acquire 3 existing large air separation unit assets in China and have began supplying customers under long-term agreements.
And finally, we continue to see great opportunities in the new industrial gas projects around the world. We announced new projects in China and Korea. Notably, these include major contracts expanding our supply to 2 of Samsung's major sites in Korea.
Finally, we continue to make great progress on the Jazan project and currently expect onstream in phases starting in fiscal year 2019.
As I mentioned, yesterday we announced the largest dividend increase in Air Products' history, continuing our commitment to return cash to shareholders.
Now please go to Slide #11. It shows you the results of our 3 key metrics for the quarter and the year. We remain committed to our goal to be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each of these 3 key metrics. We remain focused on driving further improvements as we move forward.
Finally, please turn to Slide #12, which continues to be my favorite slide. It is great to see sustainable margins in the mid-30% range and it reminds us how far we have come in only a few years.
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon to make some closing remarks, and then we will be pleased to answer your questions. Scott?

Thank you again, Simon.
Before we take your questions, I would like to make a few comments about Air Products' future. As I discussed earlier, we are very proud of having delivered on our promises from 2 years ago and we are very excited about the strong opportunities that we have to build on our success. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continues to be as strong.
We continue to be optimistic about the future of Air Products. We obviously cannot predict and we do not have control over worldwide political or economic developments, but we do have control over the operational and growth performance of Air Products and we feel confident we can continue to deliver on our goals.
As you know, our portfolio actions and the strong cash flow generation of our company provides us with an expected capacity of over $9 billion to invest over the next 3 years. I truly believe that Air Products will be successful in utilizing our balance sheet, the best in the industry, to invest in our core industrial gases business to create significant value for our shareholders. We see great opportunities in mergers and acquisitions, asset buybacks and large new projects as well as a significant amount of more typical industrial gas projects.
Rest assured, we are committed to staying disciplined and won't invest our money unless we are confident that the risk return profile will create significant value for our shareholders.
Now please turn to Slide #23. Our great team of hardworking, dedicated, talented and motivated employees remain focused on being the safest and most profitable and diverse industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers.
Continuing our positive momentum, we have increased our guidance for fiscal year 2018 to a range of $7.15 to $7.35. This is up $0.30 from the guidance we gave you last quarter. As Scott mentioned, $0.20 to $0.25 of this is coming from the new tax act, with the remaining increase from improved confidence in our business performance. Our new guidance represents 13% to 16% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to grow EPS by at least 10% every year.
For quarter 2 of fiscal year 2018, our earnings per share guidance is $1.65 to $1.70, which is up 15% to 19% over the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. This includes approximately $0.05 from the new tax act. Excluding the tax act impact, our quarter 2 guidance is still up 12% to 15% over last year.
Including our quarter 1 acquisitions, we now expect our capital spending to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in fiscal year 2018.
As I mentioned before, and I'd like to stress this, our EPS and CapEx guidance do not include any contribution from the Lu'An project or any future M&A opportunity. We are certainly working on other opportunities that could potentially add to our results in fiscal 2018, but have not included any other significant acquisition in our guidance for now.
Now please turn to Slide #24. We remain committed to our goal of being the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. We will continue to focus on safety, controlling our costs and investing in the many strategic growth opportunities that we see.
Now please turn to Slide #25, where I want to point out, once again, that we believe our real competitive advantage is the motivated and committed people of Air Products. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment of our drivers who transfer -- transport our products in all kinds of severe weather conditions to deliver product to our customers. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment from our operators and maintenance workers who, day in and day out, work hard to keep our plants running, even during severe hurricanes and other challenging conditions, to ensure reliable supply to our customers. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment of our sales people who work hard every day to develop and bring in new opportunities to Air Products by creating value for our customers. Our competitive advantage comes from the commitment and motivation of the rest of our team all over the world who work hard to run our company to the highest level of performance. Yes, our competitive advantage comes from the commitment and motivation of our people. I consider it an honor and a privilege to be part of this winning team.
Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Sorry. Did you say are there any...

The return on that project is well above the guidance that we have told you, which is the so-called 10% internal rate of return. It's well above that.

I -- we cannot disclose the exact amount of the capital, David, but it is not a $1 billion project.

David, as you know, we don't want to be commenting on pricing for the future, but -- and the pricing of what has happened in the past, we can comment on that and that has been positive and I'd like to -- Corning to expand on that. But as far as future pricing, because of the nature of our industry, we don't want to comment on that. But Corning?

Approximately 40% is syngas and about 60% is the traditional business.

I would like to -- that is really -- that is the net amount of cash that will go out of the company in the next 8 years. That is correct. But against that, obviously we have the benefit of lower cash cost in the United States because of the lower tax. So when you balance that, you can calculate the real net present value.

Yes.

As usual, Duffy, you are very good at doing your math.

Well, no. That's not the correct way of looking at that, but the -- I think we can go through that detail offline with -- Simon can give you a lot more detail on that.

We are shooting for about 40%.

Right now, we are targeting more than 50%.

That is obviously a very positive development for us, because the push obviously from an environmental point of view is to use less coal for producing power. What we are talking about here in the projects that we are pursuing is turning the coal, especially high sulfur coal, into environmentally friendly way by gasifying it and producing chemicals. So all of the push for an environmental thing is actually a very positive thing for us. And that is why, if you study the details of China's 13th 5-year plan, there is a significant number of projects designated for coal gasification. And we are obviously very much involved in that.

I'll have Corning address that.

But Jeff, to be very specific, the operating rates right now, in the U.S. and Europe are around 75%. Usually in industrial gases business, when you're operating rates gets to around 80%, then you have significant pricing leverage and that is what is happening in China. But that is not the case yet in U.S. and Europe.

Well, quite frankly, if you add up the projects that we have announced, and some of them are in the process like the big Yankuang project and so on, out of that $9 billion, about almost $4 billion of it is committed.

Well, I think I'll turn it over to Corning to expand on that. But what I'd want to say is that these so-called plant maintenance cost are, basically, the big money is in our hydrogen facilities and those things, the timing of those, is not under our control. It's not under control of our customers and a lot of our customers are having turnaround this year, and each one of these turnarounds is $20 million, $30 million of expense. So that -- it's timing, but it is a necessary thing that they need to do. Corning?

I'd just like to stress on that, Chris, that we are very positive about the developments in China.

Well, in terms of M&A opportunities, we do see opportunities outside of China. I don't want to say more than that, but we are working on some of them. In terms of the Praxair and Linde thing, we have to wait and see what actually comes out, but we have always said that, out of what we think, they have to divest. We don't have any inside knowledge on this thing. But out of what we think, they have to invest. There will be an opportunity for us to compete on about $1 billion to $1.5 billion of sale, which would have about, probably about $300 million to $350 million of EBITDA. And obviously, when and if that thing comes on -- into play, we will be interested in that for sure.

It is actually both. The demand is obviously there and then in order to put ourselves in a competitively advantageous position, we not only bring our know-how in terms of ASUs and operations and maintenance of large facilities, but our competitors have that. But that is the primary reason that we wanted to buy the Shell technology, because now we will have a technological advantage. That was the reason for that acquisition.

Not much.

No. Well, none of the old gasifiers are polluting. Gasification is a very clean way of using coal. Most of these opportunities that you're talking about are greenfield plants.

Well, we obviously think that the margins are going to become better. But I'd like to turn it over to Corning to expand on that. We do -- let's just make it very clear. We do remain very bullish about opportunities for industrial gases, our conventional business around the world. We think China is growing, U.S. is growing, Europe is growing and our margins -- we are not losing any margin. It is just quarter-by-quarter. So fundamentally, we are very confident about what's going on, and we actually feel pretty strong about that. But Corning?

Question, on that one, if there is any project that we can go after, our #1 priority is to spend our money in the United States because of a lot of good reasons. So the fact that we are investing in other parts of the world doesn't mean that we are not focused in the U.S. We are very focused in the U.S. And if there is any project that we can go after, we will go after in the U.S. That's our #1 priority for investing. There is no question about that. The issue is that there are not that many opportunities right now. But we are absolutely focused on that. We beat the bush every day on every single project, and I hope in time, we will announce some big runs in the U.S. too.

Thank you, Kevin, for the question. Corning will answer that.

Sure. Corning can expand that -- on that. Go ahead.

Kevin, it was very simply the fact that the new owners of the steel -- they do their financials and all of that. They decided that the way their cost of capital is on all of that, that they'd rather own the plant rather than us supplying it. It's just preference of the customer, and we always are, obviously, do what the customer wants to do. And the transaction, financially, was also very attractive for us. We can put that money to work at higher returns.

Well, P.J., we run into the standard competitors, you know who they are, and we compete with them on the basis of -- it's not just the price I'd like to -- it's not just the financial returns. It's a combination of the trust, the relationship that we have with the customer, the demonstration that they have delivered, our technology. Now we are going to have an advantage with the acquisition of the Shell technology. So it's a combination of all of things that we compete, and we compete with the same people, basically, that we have been competing with for many years.

Well, the thing is that if they implement -- what does coal gasification do, P.J.? The coal gasification is producing chemicals. So whatever tax they put in, it just increases the price of the chemicals because they can say, "Okay, I'm not going to do coal gasification." So if you're not going to do coal gasification, what are you going to do? Then you have to buy all of these chemicals and import them into the country. The fundamental thing is that coal is the only energy source that China has. As a result, their only option, if they want to become -- be independent, is to turn that coal into chemicals and syngas. Otherwise, they would have to import that, which is what they do right now. That is why this is a high priority for the government. And coal gasification has the advantage of being able to use 2%, 3% high-sulfur coal that you can't do anything else with it. So it's financially very attractive.

P.J., the subtle point about what Corning just said is that if you are building any kind of a facility to produce syngas, gasification is the process where the CO2 that you produce is what is called capture ready. You can actually capture that and then put it into -- for enhanced oil recovery and a lot of other applications. Okay?

But in terms of reporting that you're talking about, in terms of how we report that, quite honestly, traditionally, we have been reporting that, that way, and we didn't want to change that, not to confuse the numbers. But on operationally, we run Middle East and India separate from Europe. But in terms of the reporting the results, we put all of that together because we didn't want to create a lot of confusion about comparison to previous years.

Corning has 2 pages of details on it. So he'll answer your question.

Not interested.

Yes. But overall, Laurence, the -- overall, when you look at the projects that we have taken and the on-site projects that we have taken and as they come onstream, their margins, they are not going to have a negative effect on our margins. Therefore, we expect to maintain an EBITDA margin, as we have said before, of somewhere between around 32% to 35%. And none of the projects that we have taken is going to cause that margin to go down. Actually, some of them might actually improve the margin.

Well, you're getting us into trying to give guidance now for '19 and '20. But I think you are on the right track to assuming that the overall conditions are positive for Air Products and our margins. And we agree with that. But I don't want to say...

Thank you very much. With that, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day, and all the best. Thank you.