Thank you, Simon, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. I would like to thank everybody at Air Products to again delivering a very strong quarter. We are very pleased with our earnings per share of $2.14 for the first quarter, up 15% over last year's strong results and the 23rd, I'd like to repeat that the 23rd consecutive quarter of year-over-year earnings growth. 
Please now turn to Slide #3. Safety is always the most important focus for all of us at Air Products, and our goal continues to be 0 accidents and incidents. I was pleased to see improvement this quarter as our people redoubled their efforts so that we can move towards our ultimate goal of an accident-free work environment. 
Slide #4 shows our goal and Slide #5 shows our management philosophy. I have discussed this with you many times before, so I don't want to take your time to repeat it, but those slides are very important guiding principles that we follow. 
Now please turn to Slide #6, our Five-Point Plan that we have discussed with you in detail before. But I do not want to focus on our past performance because, frankly, I like the dreams of the future more than the history of the past. Our dream of the future is to make sure Air Products will continue to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world providing excellent service to our customers. Our dream of the future is for Air Products to become the largest American chemical company as measured by market capitalization. We will achieve this by focusing on growth, driven by our core competencies. 
Our dream of the future is for Air Products to be the leader in providing solutions to the world's environmental sustainability challenges through gasification of coal, pet coke and refinery residues, developing solutions to capture CO2 from gasifiers and hydrogen plants and further developing technologies and making Air Products the leader in providing hydrogen for transportation around the world. Our dream of the future is to be a company that has a higher purpose beyond just creating value for our shareholders through improved financial performance. We want to be a company that people from all walks of life and nationalities come together, work together and feel that they belong and that their contribution matters and are appreciated; a company that is focused on innovation to solve the substantial environmental issues facing our humanity; a company that is passionate and contributes to the well-being of all the communities in which we operate around the world; a global company that brings people from all over the world together to collaborate, improve understanding and prevent conflicts that arise from misunderstanding. We are committed to work very hard to realize our dreams of the future by executing on our Five-Point Plan strategy. 
Now please turn to Slide #7. You can see our exciting gasification strategy. We continue to be very focused on successfully executing this strategy and the announced projects, and we are making excellent progress, and we continue to be very optimistic about this sector. 
Slide #8 summarizes the Gulf Coast Ammonia project we announced earlier in January. As I said, this is the largest U.S. investment in the history of Air Products and winning this project is a direct result of the value of our Gulf Coast hydrogen pipeline, the competitiveness of our hydrogen plants and our expertise to develop, build and operate the largest projects in the history of industrial gas industry. As a result, this project will exceed our commitments in terms of financial returns. 
Please now turn to Slide #9. We have talked extensively about the significant opportunities for capital investment to generate significant shareholder value. At the same time, the cash generation strength of our existing business allows us to be confident in raising our dividend for the 38th consecutive year. The more than 15% increase we announced yesterday to $1.34 per share per quarter is the largest per share dividend increase in our history and will result in almost $1.2 billion directly returned to our shareholders in form of dividend next year. 
Now please turn to my favorite slide, Slide #10. You can see that our EBITDA margin continues to be more than 40%, which is up over 1,500 basis points from early 2014. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to give you the details of our very good financial performance. Scott?

Thank you, Scott. I'm very pleased to say that we generated excellent results in all of our operating geographies. All 3 regions reported double-digit profit growth and significant margin expansion. We are not depending on economic growth around the world, but are meeting our commitments to you through our own actions by realizing value we provide to our customers and by successfully executing high-return growth projects. 
Now please turn to Slide #15, where you can see that our team in Asia has again delivered another set of outstanding results. As we have previously mentioned, trade tensions have not significantly impacted our business. Our customers and the Chinese government continues to support Air Products' projects, and we remain very optimistic about our long-term prospects in this important region of the world. 
For the quarter, sales increased 11% from last year, with volume and price together up 13%. Volumes increased 9%, driven by new projects, base business growth and a short-term supply contract. As a reminder, the year-on-year impact of Lu'An has lapsed since the project has been successfully operating for more than a year. Overall pricing for the region increased 4%, and actually, our merchant pricing increased by 10%, the 11th consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement. Price was positive in all key countries. Profits and margins were higher, driven by the strong volume and price. EBITDA increased 16%, and EBITDA margin expanded 260 points to just over 50%. 
Sequentially, sales and profit softened as the impact of lower volumes, including less benefit from the short-term supply contracts, was partially offset by productivity. As you would expect, we do anticipate a seasonal slowdown during the Lunar New Year Holiday in quarter 2. 
Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to discuss our Americas results. Scott?

Thank you, again, Simon. Now please turn to Slide #20. As you all know, and it's pretty obvious, we continue to live in an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control. But we do have control over the actions Air Products can take to succeed in a dynamic and changing world. We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities, which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promise to investors. Despite this uncertainty, there is no change in our fiscal year 2020 EPS guidance of $9.35 to $9.60, which is up 14% to 17% over our strong fiscal year 2019 performance. As we continue to expect our fiscal -- we continue to expect our fiscal year 2020 CapEx to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.5 billion. For second quarter of fiscal year 2020, our earnings per share guidance is $2.10 to $2.20, which at midpoint is up 12% versus last year. 
Now please turn to Slide #21. At midpoint, our fiscal year 2020 guidance represents 6 consecutive years of double-digit earnings growth and 14% average earnings per share growth over this time. Thanks to the great team at Air Products, we continue to deliver on our commitments. 
Our team around the world continues to be very optimistic about the future of Air Products. Our Five-Point strategic plan will differentiate us and drive our success going forward. Our safety, productivity and operating performance provide the foundation for our continued growth. We have the financial capacity, the technical position and the talent to take a full advantage of our exciting opportunities, and I'd like to stress that we see -- we do see a lot of exciting opportunities ahead of us. 
And finally, please turn to Slide #22. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our strong performance. I want to thank all of our 17,000 people around the world for their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. I certainly am proud to be part of this winning team. 
With that, now we are delighted to answer any questions that you might have.

We would prefer not to get into that detail, Jeff. Because that is obviously a very significant competitive information, and we usually do not disclose that. I'm sorry about that. But hope you bear with us that we want to stick with that policy.

Jeff, you make a very good point. As you notice from our results, our cost, I mean, if you focus on the cost, you see increasing cost. That's not because we have become less efficient. That is because we are building the organization in anticipation of executing these projects. So you are very correct that we will see, as you are seeing, some increase in cost. It is not that significant, but it is there, and you're very -- it's very appropriate for you to point that out.

Well, the expenditures are in 2 aspects. One is, obviously, R&D expenditure, which is you kind of know about how much we are spending, it is not that huge. But the other thing is actually hiring very high quality, experienced people to oversee the execution of these projects that we expect to get. We don't want to get the projects and then look for talent. We are putting the talent in place in anticipation of those projects, which we are sure will happen. So a significant part of the cost is the hiring and onboarding of all of these people, and there is a substantial number of people that we have brought in, especially to strengthen our technology section and our project execution capability.

That's an excellent question. We obviously take a lot of different factors into consideration when we decide on the dividend. It's not just 2.5% of the stock price, but it's also our cash flow. I think you should expect that we would continue to give approximately half of our free cash flow as dividends. That has been kind of one guidance, and obviously, a percentage of the share price is another part. I personally think that we should continue to pay a very healthy dividend, something which is in the order of 2.5% of our share price and also about half of our free cash. So this year, I mean, we are increasing it 15%. It would have been ridiculous if we had to start right now and we can't anticipate what the share price will be. So we make the decision based on a lot of different factors that's in, but overall guidance, about half of our free cash or about 2.5% of the share price.

Thank you, Kevin. Excellent question. In terms of breaking down between organic growth and new projects, our basic approach has been not to disclose that detail. But I would like to specifically answer your second question. We obviously beat the forecast. The reason for that is that the economic growth in Asia was better than we expected. The economic growth in Europe didn't become as bad as we expected because of Brexit. And in the U.S., there was not much of a change, and Latin America continues to be a disaster. So overall, as we go forward, we are now a little bit more optimistic about Asia. Obviously, in the second quarter, you have the Lunar New Year and that dampens the growth, but we expect that to continue as we go forward in the other quarters. And I'm hoping that things will kind of stabilize in Europe and in the U.S. But that's kind of how we see the thing.

Chris, obviously, we are very honored and very proud to be given the gigantic project of the integrated gas project in Jazan. That is not only an equivalent of a $12 billion acquisition, but it also is a phenomenal reference in terms of our gasification capability. It is using the Shell technology and it is a gigantic project. So we are very happy with that. We are making a lot of progress on that. And I continue to be very optimistic that we will try -- that we will be kind of complete the financing in this quarter. But you do need to appreciate, and I'm sure you do, that we are going to go to the market for $7 billion of debt considering the different events in the world and all of that, things might not happen exactly on the date. But the fact of the matter is that we are talking about a 25-year project. So the impact on Air Product for the long-term is extremely positive. Now whether we actually close in the month of March or whether it is in the month of April, we'll see. But we continue to be very optimistic about that project. As I said, we are very proud of that. And quite frankly, you see that we have not changed our forecast. That means that we still believe that this will happen at the time that we thought at the beginning of the year. Is that okay, Chris?

Chris, we have recognized and made carbon capture a priority for the company 5 years ago. That is the future. That is a necessity in order to deal with the global warming. And I am very happy to see that responsible people are now actually talking about it. Hopefully, we were ahead of the game. We have been working on different technologies on this. The first thing is that we do have the technology to capture carbon from hydrogen plants and I think gasifiers and so on for enhanced oil recovery. We do have a commercial scale plant operating in Port Arthur. It's one of the biggest in the world, and we capture the CO2 and put it in the pipeline there for enhanced oil recovery. That kind of projects you should expect that we will do on a very large-scale around the world. The second thing is sequestration. We have developed technologies on that and we are working on that. And hopefully, in time, we will be able to announce the kind of commercial projects that we are doing. The third and most exciting thing is some new technologies that we are developing. And in respect to carbon capture in a different way, I don't want to go through the details of that because I don't think it's appropriate at this stage. We are laser-focused on carbon capture. If you look at our annual report, and we make it very clear, we say gasification today, carbon capture tomorrow and hydrogen for mobility the day after tomorrow. So those are the priorities of our company, and we are obviously trying to be the leader on that, the same way that we became the leader in gasification.

We continue to be optimistic about that. We did announce the coal gasification project, as I'm sure you saw, and we expect to announce some more in the years to come. We are working on Juitai. We announced Debang and there are other projects. We don't see any slowdown on that, and we are very optimistic about that, John.

Well, John, I think it is not a secret that supply-demand situation in helium is challenging. Basically, there is not enough supply to meet the demand. And obviously, that has had an effect on the commercial value of helium. And you can -- and you are seeing that in our results. In terms of 2020, I think that situation will continue, and it is quite possible that, that situation will continue for a few years to come. I don't want to anticipate that because it depends on the performance of the current sources or bringing on a stream of some other sources. But helium has such a small number of sources and so on. So it's very transparent about what's going on. There are not that many places that produce helium. So it's very easy for investors and people like yourself to figure out what's going on.

Yes, there is no additional update. I've always mentioned that, that project is a big project. We signed the Memorandum of Understanding in November of 2017 when the President was visiting China. That project is moving very slowly. Some of it is our fault. I have explained that, that we want to make sure that there is coal allocation before we go and invest $1.5 billion of our money there. So I think you should expect a slow progress on that project.

Merchant price increases are the way we see it. Americas is about 7%, Europe is about 5%, and Asia is 10%. We usually don't disclose that detail, but since you asked the question, David, I had to answer you.

Order of magnitude, your math is correct, and we expect the margins to continue to be in the range that you mentioned. But as we do these bigger projects that will improve. That has -- that will have a positive effect on those margins. Sorry, I'm losing my voice a little bit. But -- so overall, you should expect that our margins will stay at around 38%, 37% to 40%, 49% -- I mean 39%, 40%, around that range.

It is a small contribution that we actually had, but it's not material and it's not going to change things that much.

Yes. Number one, I think, as Scott mentioned in his comments that we expect a higher maintenance cost in the second quarter because of the timing. But for the year, we expect our maintenance cost to be what number that we have discussed with you before, which is order of magnitude $250 million, $260 million a year. With respect to hydrogen demand, it is not huge, but we do see some effect because of the IMO 2020 that people need more hydrogen in order to clean up the fuel.

I'd like Scott to answer that, but while he is kind of pulling his stats together. And obviously, you know that the reason for that is because we expect a big chunk of capital expenditure because of Jazan when we close. So that is one of the reasons that the number kind of looks, hey, this quarter, it was this, and suddenly, it's going to go up. That is because of Jazan. In terms of the effect, in terms of our tax, I don't think it is material, but I'd like Scott to comment on that.

We feel optimistic about that. You obviously appreciate the nature of the industry, and we don't want to comment on pricing. So I don't want to say too much, but we continue to think that there is a good supply-demand situation that, that kind of pricing will continue.

Jim, that's a good question. We have always said that our target is 15%. So we would like to get it to 15% and I think in time, we will get there. Actually, as we spend more cash, that number will go up because the way we calculate the return, it includes the cash. So if tomorrow, we spend all the cash on projects that number will enhance. Other people don't include the cash because -- so as a result of that, I mean, you understand the dynamics of the top of the line and the bottom of the line. But fundamentally, we are looking forward to increasing that number to 15%. And Scott has a comment that he wants to add.

I don't want to claim that we have not had any market share loss, but it has not been significant or material, but we might have some. When -- we were very open about this thing in February of last year when we said that we are -- we need to recover some of our cost as we said before we expect and we are going to -- willing to live with market share loss, but we have not seen a significant one, but there might be some here and there. I don't want to claim we haven't lost anything. But it isn't anything that would force us to change our strategy.

John, you really do your homework, John. I'm very impressed that you are providing that detail, a lot of credit to you. It is rounding down. It is actually up sequential...

Well, the thing is that when we give you the guidance, obviously, we needed to look at everything. And we debated this thing quite a bit yesterday, quite honestly. And that is the dynamic of the Lunar New Year, which we always -- we don't know exactly how it will work out. And then there is obviously the headline in the papers that you see about this virus thing. So how would that develop and how the effect of that. That is why we decided to take the 2 into consideration and expand the range. We usually give you guidance within $0.05. This time we are giving you guidance within $0.10. So that is our thinking right now, that's our best judgment.

No. I don't think anything has fall out. Simon does these numbers in detail. So Simon, would you like to comment, please?

It's because some of the projects have come on stream, and when they come on stream, they are taken off of the -- off of what we say as backlog.

Well, it's becoming -- we need to put everything together. But obviously, this quarter, our results are better than expectation. We had told you $2.05 to $2.10 and we delivered $2.14. So as a result, we felt better about our base business, and therefore, but there are -- the timing of the Jazan thing. So at the end of the day, we made the judgment that overall we should be able to meet our commitment.

Thank you for asking that question because I wanted to brag about it a little bit, quite honestly. We have had a very positive experience. Number one, our expectation of the amount of time that we can keep the project online when we started and people will tell you gasifiers or something like 85%, 86%, we have had those gasifiers online for more than 95% of the time. So that is very good news. The second thing is that in terms of financial performance is exactly as we thought. And the third thing is that we have learned a lot by operating these shared gasifiers first hand. And we are seeing some positive impacts that we will incorporate in the future projects. And I'm also very proud of our people that we gave them this and we had to put in something like 500 new people on this thing. We have operated this thing, knocking on board very safely and very efficiently. So it has been a very positive experience, and it significantly has increased our confidence in taking on new projects.

We need to get lucky with the economy and close Jazan in time, so...

Yes, we do. And we already do that. We have the capability and we are pursuing projects in that -- of that nature.

I think that the world is moving toward green hydrogen. And green hydrogen is obviously using solar and then electrolysis of water to produce hydrogen. We think that is the future and a significant number of projects will be done in that way. And that is where we are building our capability. You are very right, that is the future. We definitely think that is the future. Yes, ammonia thing is obviously a special issue, which is transportation of hydrogen. But you should think that people would use solar in order to make green hydrogen and then take that green hydrogen convert it to ammonia and then send it to Japan.

No, not the Gulf Coast. We got the permit -- we are not recovering CO2 at that plant at this time.

No, there is no such requirement.

I think all of these questions that you're asking in terms of the carbon capture and so on depends on the location that we are -- you are and which part of the world you are and what are the incentives and all of that. So it will be difficult to give you a general answer. With respect to your first question, with respect to -- I do not see any drag on our results next year as a result of the project. So I'm not sure I fully understood your question. We expect that for 2021, our EPS will grow another 10% versus 2020. We don't expect any deceleration. 
With that, I think that was the last question that people have signed up for. So I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for taking time from your very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. In the meantime, have a great day, and have a nice quarter and expect some good results from Air Products, when we announce our results next quarter. Thanks, again. Have a nice day.