Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. We certainly do appreciate your interest in Air Products, and we thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to join us on this call. At Air Products, we have a great team of talented, committed and motivated people who have stayed focused on serving our customers and creating value for our shareholders every single day. This team delivered yet another quarter of very strong results. I want to thank all of our 16,000 employees for their hard work and dedication.
Our quarterly adjusted earnings per share is a record $2.17 per share, 11% higher than the last year and 14% higher at constant exchange rates. This is the 21st, I'd like to repeat, the 21st consecutive quarter that we have reported higher results compared to the previous year. 
We continue to maintain our position as the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. Our EBITDA margin this quarter was a record 40%, which is 1,500 basis points higher than 5 years ago. We remain in an extremely strong financial and technology position with a business that generates significant cash flow. 
Each quarter, my confidence increases in our ability to deploy this capital into high-return industrial gas projects that will generate significant value for our shareholders while also continuing to return cash to our shareholders through our dividends.
Now please turn to Slide #3. In terms of safety, our goal has always been 0 accidents and 0 incidents. We are pleased that we have improved our lost time injury rate by 72% and our recordable injury rate by 31% since 2014. But none of us can be satisfied until and unless we reach 0 accidents. Even 1 accident is too many.
Now please turn to Slide #4 that states our long-term goal. Five years ago, we set the goal to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. We are very proud of achieving this goal and are committed to maintaining our leadership position in the years to come. 
Our goal has also been extended to include being the most diverse. That means we are an inclusive company that depends on the contribution of all people.
Now turn to Slide #5, which is my management philosophy that has guided me throughout my business career, that is focused on cash generation and responsible capital allocation.
Now please turn to Slide #6, which is our Five-Point Plan for moving forward. We have shared this with you many times before. In summary, we are focused on cost and productivity to maintain our industry-leading margins. We are poised for growth by expanding on our core competencies and financial strength, and we are very focused on promoting a higher purpose for the company in addition to creating value for the shareholders. 
We are committed to create a company where all people -- all of the people feel they belong. A company where people's contribution are recognized and rewarded. A company that is committed to sustainability and the environment. A company that is supportive of the communities in which we operate. A company that people want to work for, where they are proud to be part of the innovative process to solve the world's energy and environmental challenges. That is our higher purpose, and we are committed to that.
Now please turn to Slide #7, which shows the key milestones in our gasification strategy. Let's take the opportunity to provide an update on a few of these exciting projects. As expected, the Lu'An project continues to run very well and contribute to our results. The Jazan air separation units were built on budget and on time with excellent safety performance. 
We continue to work toward financial closing of the Jazan gasifier and power project by the end of this calendar year. We are continuing our discussion with the YK Group for the very large coal-to-syngas project, and the Juitai project is going well with expected onstream in 2022. 
Building on this momentum, we just announced the completion of an asset buyback arrangement with Jinmei, a leading coal chemical company in China. We purchased 2 ASUs previously owned by Jinmei and entered into a long-term contract to supply oxygen and nitrogen for the customer's coal-to-clean fuel project in Shanxi Province. This project is another great example of the customers' increased confidence in outsourcing their industrial gases. In addition to these announced projects, we continue to work on a number of existing gasification opportunities around the world.
Now please go to Slide #8, where you can see the results of our key profitability metrics. We remain committed to our goal of continuing to be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each of these metrics. 
And now, please go to Slide #9, which is always my favorite slide and even more so this quarter. You can see our record quarterly EBITDA margin of 40.1%, up 1,500 basis points from 5 years ago. This is a tremendous achievement by the people of Air Products and all of us are very proud of it. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our results in detail. Scott?

Thank you, Scott. Please turn to our Asia results on Slide #14, where you can see that our business has recovered strongly following the Lunar New Year holiday and our great team in Asia delivered yet another strong set of results. 
We remain very positive, and I'd like to stress, very positive about our long-term growth potential as we continue to invest in this region. While there has been some modest reduction in the reported growth rate of Chinese economy, we have not seen, as I said, we have not seen any significant impact on our business. And most importantly, we have not seen any change in behavior towards Air Products from our customers or the government of China. 
We continue to be very optimistic about our operations in China. For the quarter, sales were up 9% from last year with volume and price together up 15%. Volumes increased 10% primarily driven by new project, mostly Lu'An. As a reminder, Lu'An has started up late in quarter 3 of last year and continues to perform very well. 
Overall, pricing for the region was up 5% versus last year, the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year price improvement. Price was positive across all major product lines and key countries. A strong volume and price combined with productivity drove higher profits and margin. EBITDA increased 24% and EBITDA margin expanded nearly 600 basis points to more than 49%, which is another record level. 
Sequentially, volume and EBITDA improved 8% and 12%, respectively, benefiting from a strong recovery from the Lunar New Year holidays and new plant startups. In addition to the asset buyback I mentioned earlier, we have recently announced 2 contract awards in Korea: one, from MEMC to provide Industrial Gases for its new 300-millimeter wafer fab; and the other from POSCO Chemical to supply oxygen and nitrogen for its new cathode material manufacturing complex. Great examples of our team earning the confidence of the important customers. 
Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to discuss our Americas result. Scott?

Thank you, Simon. Please turn to Slide #19. As I said on our last call, 5 years ago I promised we would grow the company's earnings per share by at least 10% annually. As you can see, we have done better than that over the last 4 years and expect to exceed 10% again this year, thanks to the great team at Air Products, we have delivered on our commitments. 
Our goal continues to be achieving a cumulative average growth rate of at least 10% in the coming years. As you all know, we continue to live in an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control, but we definitely do have control over the actions Air Products can take to succeed in a dynamic world. 
We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities, which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promise to investors to increase earning per share by 10% per year as we move forward. 
Now please turn to Slide #20. Our updated EPS guidance for fiscal year 2019 is in the range of $8.20 to $8.25. Despite currency headwinds, this guidance represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. 
For quarter 4 of fiscal year 2019, our earning per share guidance is $2.26 to $2.31, up 13% to 16% over last year. Our team around the world continues to be very optimistic about the future of Air Products. Our Five-Point strategic plan will differentiate us and drive our success going forward. 
Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation of our continued growth. We have the financial capacity, the technical position and the talent to take full advantage of our existing opportunities. And finally, please turn to Slide #21. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our superior safety and operational performance. 
I want to again thank all of our 16,000 people around the world for their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. I certainly am proud to be part of this winning team. Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

PJ, you are very right when we report our results, we report over the whole sector, including the onsite business. Obviously, the onsite business, that prices are not going up and that's half of our business. So when we report 4% price increase, it really is about 8% or 9%. 
What is driving the pricing is our decision to increase prices because it's about almost 8 years that we haven't really increased prices. Our costs are going up. I made a very, very public statement in February of this year that we at Air Products have decided to increase our prices to recover our costs, and we are willing to lose volume if people want to buy from somebody else. And obviously, that's a free choice they have. We consciously have decided that we need to maintain our margins, and we are increasing the prices. I certainly cannot and will not comment on the behavior of the other people. I mean that's up to them to comment when you ask them the question. But we certainly have made a conscious decision despite utilization rate or anything like that, that we need higher prices to maintain our margins. We can't let our margins go down.

Well, P.J., quite frankly, we do not see that. Now maybe it is because in China, for example, more than 60% of our business is on-site business. And, therefore, as a result, we have a lot of protection there. But overall, I mean I know the headline says that China is slowing. But then the next line it says China grew 6.32%. I mean if that was the case in the U.S., we would all be doing cartwheels. So the Chinese economy is growing, and we are seeing the benefit of that.

No, I don't think so because I think once people investigate, they find out what the cause is and it's -- and I don't want to speculate. But I don't think that is an indication of any fundamental issue with respect to processes and so on. From what we understand, the explosion was at the ASU, not at the gasification unit. No, I don't expect any impact, not at all, John.

Our volumes in Americas was up about 4% in total. Yes, am I quoting the right number, Scott?

We don't usually break that down. But the U.S. is not -- the economy in the U.S. is not growing that much. It's flat.

That is correct. That -- you are absolutely right. We have been working on this project for a while and it finally came to fruition, and we are announcing it.

No, John. It's that our pipeline -- our plant is next to the plant. It just that it is delivered within a pipe. That means we are not delivering liquid but it is [indiscernible] the facility.

Bob, obviously that would be our ambition, yes.

In Jazan, I think we have said that we will end up owning about 51%. But we are finalizing the contract. The numbers might change 1% up and down but nothing massive, no. We will end up owning the majority there.

Well, thank you for your question. Obviously, I'm very proud of what we have achieved but at the same time, with the culture change, you are never done. You can always, always, always do better. But I am very, very satisfied with the progress we have made, our results show that. And in terms of the future, I think our people are very excited about the growth opportunities that we have. And as a result, we are a lot more productive. People are excited about coming to work. People are excited about working on very exciting new projects, and we are hiring people. And so that always creates a positive mood within the company. We always work on productivity and -- but we are hiring people for our new projects from all of that. So I feel very good about the organization. They are a great team of people but at the same time, we can always do better.

We are seeing very good opportunities. We are working on new projects. And in terms of the bidding activity, quite honestly, we are not in a good position to answer because our customers don't necessarily tell us whom we are competing with and have many other bidders and all of that. But overall, you know who our competitors are. There are really 3 people who are -- who can participate on these big projects. There are not 20. So out of the 3 of us, we are all focused on different parts of the world and -- whether all the other 2 are in every project that we are in, I don't know. But when we approach a customer, we try to do the best we can for them and for Air Products. And fortunately, we have been -- we are fortunate, we see a lot of opportunities and I expect us to get additional orders as we move forward.

Duffy, you always ask me difficult questions but that's fair. We had been guiding you that the margins are going to be around 33% to 35%. Right now, we have delivered around 40%, 37%, 40%. So right now, if I was going to make a prediction for the future, we are going to be in a higher band. We are going to be somewhere between 38% to 40%. That is correct, Duffy.

I said in the call twice that our goal is to improve our profitability by 10% so I think that kind of answers your question, right? That is what you get.

Jeff, excluding Lu'An, it was about maybe 4%.

I wouldn't want to say that. I expect continued price improvement in the next -- at least in the next 2 quarters. And then after that, we'll see how it works out. But I think the momentum that we have it will continue in the next few quarters, Jeff.

Don, that's an excellent question. We, in 2015, our LNG business delivered us about $0.50 earning per share, about $150 million of EBITDA. Last year and this year, it almost contributed nothing. So the drag has been about $0.50. So I'm hoping that in time, we will recover that and hopefully even improve on that.

I think Scott in a best position to answer this. Scott, please.

Well, David, first of all, we are working on that thing, and we are hoping that everything will work out and we'll do the financing [ and sign it ]. So I just want to say that it is not a done deal yet, but if it is done, what we have said publicly, is that considering what we are investing, we will see a contribution about more than $0.75 from that project when it comes onstream. Now once we actually get the contract signed, put all of the numbers together and all of that, and we make the final announcement that this has been done hopefully before the end of this calendar year, then we will give you a better guidance in terms of the impact on 2020 and 2021 and moving forward.

I'd like to read the numbers. Merchant pricing was 9%, 6%, 14% and 9% total.

Chris, I can say that I'm very optimistic that we will deliver a 10% improvement over 2019. Now if the number is going to be any better, we will talk to you about that in October. But right now, sitting here looking at what is happening in the world, we think that we should be able to improve our EPS next year by 10% versus this year. And the way we look at it is that our job, I get paid $15 million a year to come and deliver results rather than come and explain why I didn't deliver the results. We are committed to improve our EPS 10% a year in the years to come. We have done that, we'll find different levers to pull in order to make that happen whether it is cost reduction, price increases, new projects in all of that, so that is our commitment to the investor that has been our investment in the investor since 5 years ago, and we hope to continue to deliver that, Chris.

Well, it's very difficult to predict that, but we have said that we would be very hesitant to take any project that's less than 10% return. So hopefully all of these projects will be 10% or higher.

No, because we are -- you see, our merchant business, we are going to grow it as fast as we can. We are not downsizing that. But we think that our onsite will grow faster than that. So our ratio will change not because we are slowing down on the merchant business but because we think onsite business has a potential of growing faster than the merchant.

Well, the merchant business, we are going to double down based on economic growth. I mean if -- in China, it's growing 6%, we will build new merchant plants. But if you have a situation in Europe or the U.S. where the market is not growing, then obviously we are going to add capacity. But we are committed to our merchant business. It is growing as fast as we can grow it, which is basically GDP. Nobody can grow their merchant business faster than GDP. I don't care what they say. Because if they say, oh, we are going to grow faster than the other guy, that means they're going to take market share away from the other guy and that doesn't happen. Nobody can take away market share from us. So -- and vice versa. So the merchant business is going to grow but the GDP of each region and as it grows dividend lesson that, we are committed to that, we have the know-how, we have the people. But my point is that, that growth is in emerging markets. It is not in the U.S. and it is not in Europe. Okay?

We have time for one more question, please. Well, it doesn't seem that there's any other questions. So with that, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your interest and good questions and look forward to discussing another set of good results with you again next quarter. Have a nice summer holiday and all the best. Take care.