Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. We appreciate your interest in Air Products and thank you for joining us on our call today. 
At Air Products, we have a talented, committed and motivated team who stays focused on serving our customers and creating value for our shareholders every day of the year. This team delivered yet another quarter of very strong safety and financial results. I want to thank all of our 16,000 employees for their hard work, dedication and contribution. 
Our quarterly adjusted earnings per share of $1.92 is up 12% and represents the 20th consecutive quarter -- I'd like to stress that -- the 20th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year quarterly EPS growth. This strong result overcame a negative $0.08 currency impact. Our EPS is up 17% on a constant currency basis. 
We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world with a record quarterly EBITDA margin above 37%. We remain in a very strong financial and technological position with a business that generates significant cash flow. I remain extremely confident of our ability to deploy this capital into high-return industrial gas projects that will generate significant value for our shareholders while also continuing to return cash through our dividends. 
Now please turn to Slide #3. All our employees around the world are focused on safety, and as a result, we have improved our lost-time injury rate by 83% and our recordable injury rate by 45% since 2014. 
Slide #4 states our long-standing goal. 5 years ago, we set the goal to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. I am very happy and proud to say that we have achieved this goal and are committed to maintaining our position in the years to come. We expanded the goal to include being the most diverse, and that is part of our continuing journey, to create a work environment where everyone can achieve their true potential. 
Slide #5 is my management philosophy that I have followed throughout my business career. And we have talked about this many times before, so I don't want to dwell on it. 
Slide #6 shows our Five-Point Plan for Air Products as we move forward. We are committed to have best-in-class performance to maintain our current leadership position, grow the company by expanding or offering related to our core competencies, continue to change the culture of the company, and most important, to achieve our higher purpose. That higher purpose is to create a company where people feel they belong and their contributions are recognized and valued, a company that is committed to sustainability and supportive of the communities in which we operate, a company that our people want to work for, that they are proud to be part of an innovative process to solve the energy and environmental challenges facing the human race. That is our higher purpose and we are committed to it. 
Please turn to Slide #7, which shows the key milestones in our gasification strategy. Let me take the opportunity to provide an update on a few of these exciting projects. As I said last quarter, the Lu'An project continues to run very well and it's contributing to our results as we expected. The Jazan ASU, the main air separation units, they're built on budget and on time and they are in the process of being commissioned as we speak. 
The definitive contract for the Jazan gasifier and power plants, which are very complex contracts -- and many of them -- are being negotiated with Saudi Aramco, and we expect the conclusion of those discussions by the end of calendar 2019. We are continuing our discussion with YK Group for the very large coal-to-syngas project. This project is still underway and that -- there are some issues related to the allocation of coal, which is very important for us. But the project has the support of the central government, and we are optimistic that we will have more definitive announcements about the project as we move forward. 
At the Juitai -- and for the Juitai project, that project is under construction with expected onstream in 2022. In addition to these announced projects, as we have said before, we continue to work on a significant number of very large new gasification opportunities around the world. 
Now please go to Slide #8, where you can see the results of our key profitability metrics. We remain committed to our goal of continuing to be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each of these metrics. 
Now please go to Slide #9, which is always my favorite slide and particularly this quarter. You can see our record quarterly EBITDA margin of 37.7%, which is up over 1,200 basis points from 5 years ago. This is a great achievement by the people of Air Products, and all of us are very proud of it. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss the results in detail. Scott?

Thank you, Scott. Please turn to our Asia results on Slide #14. There you can see that our great team in Asia delivered yet another strong set of results. Our China-based business recovered well from the Lunar New Year holiday and continues to show positive growth, and our other strong positions throughout Asia continue to contribute. We remain very focused on our current business and are also very positive about our long-term growth potential in this region. 
For the quarter, sales were up 12% from last year as a result of positive volume and price more than offsetting negative currency. Volumes increased 12%, primarily driven by new projects, mostly Lu'An. Overall pricing for the region was up 5% versus last year, the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year price improvement. 
The strong volume and price also favorably impacted both profits and margins. EBITDA increased by 32% and EBITDA margin improved 700 basis points to a record 47.7%, making Asia our most profitable region. I am very proud of the performance of our team in this region. 
Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to discuss our Americas result. Scott?

Thank you, Simon. Please turn to Slide #19. Almost 5 years ago in July of 2014, during my first conference call with the investment community, I promised to grow the company's earning per share by at least 10% annually. As you can see, we have done better than that and achieved 13% cumulative average growth rate over the last 5 years. We have delivered what we promised and more, thanks to the great team at Air Products. 
Our goal continues to be to achieving a cumulative average growth rate of at least 10% in the coming years. Now that we're talking about the coming years, we do understand that we live in an uncertain world. And we at Air Products cannot influence the world's economic or political developments, but we do have control over what Air Products can and should do as a company to react to the changing world. We have a strong, capable and flexible organization, which remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities, which would allow us to continue to deliver on our promises to investors as we go forward. 
So now for what we promise this year, please turn to Slide #20. We are increasing our EPS guidance for fiscal year 2019 to a range of $8.15 to $8.30. Despite currency headwinds, at the midpoints, our guidance represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. For quarter 3 of fiscal year 2019, our earning per share guidance is $2.10 to $2.15, up 8% to 10% over last year. We have also slightly increased our CapEx forecast to a range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion for fiscal year 2019. 
Our team around the world continue to be excited about Air Products' future. Our Five-Point Strategic Plan provides the framework to drive our success going forward. And our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation of our continued growth. We have the financial capacity, the technological know-how and the talent to successfully pursue the exciting opportunities that we see ahead. 
And finally, please turn to Slide #21. As always, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our superior safety and operational performance. I want to again thank all of our 16,000 employees around the world for their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of winning together. I am very proud to be part of this winning team. 
Now we will be delighted to answer your questions.

Very good question. John, we have always said that when we look at these projects, and there are many of them as you said, the very first thing that we do is make an assessment whether the project is economically viable. That means that if they are making diesel fuel or if they are making olefins or whatever it is that the end product is going to come out of this project, how is the market for that product, where is it going to be sold, what are the expected prices and does the full project make economic sense? That's number one. Once we have satisfied ourselves that, that is the case, then the second thing that we focus is on the customer that we are dealing, who is actually doing this project, what is their financial strength, what is their status, what is their market position and all of that. Then if we have passed the economic test and passed the market test, then quite honestly, we do the project unless it is in a very, very, very difficult part of the world, and there are not that many of them. So the basic message that I have is that we don't look at the projects like, oh, this project is in China, we don't want to do it. Or this project is in India. Or -- we don't look at that. We look at what is the project and whom is it for? I have said many times, if you give me a project that makes economical sense and it is for Saudi Aramco, we'll do it no matter where it is in the world. So that -- those are the criterias that we follow.

Probably 10% to 20% of them are in that category.

With respect in China, we -- I have said this many times, we don't see any particular weakening in anything. At least -- we have exposure to a lot of their businesses. And one of the interesting thing about our business that you know very well is that we don't have any inventory. So our performance is instantaneous. Whatever the economy is doing, you see that in our numbers. China is growing very well. And a Lunar New Year, China this year, we were very concerned about that. That's why we were conservative in our guidance for the quarter. The Chinese New Year, although it fell in between weeks, it went down and came back exactly like every other year, and the economy is doing very well and we continue to be very optimistic. We are very bullish on China.

Sure. we -- first of all, we expect that the pricing momentum that we have seen would continue and actually might become even better than what we have seen before. So that is one thing that keeps us optimistic. The other thing is that Brexit is delayed until October, so we don't expect any significant negative effect on that. The other thing is that our LNG project business, as you know, this is not contributing anything. But we did win a very big project, Golden Pass in Texas. And since with that project, we start getting paid as soon as we start working on it, we expect some contribution from that. And the fourth thing is that we expect that the effect of negative currency to be a little bit better. So -- and you put all of that together, that is what makes us optimistic that we would be able to meet the higher end of -- or at least our goal is to meet the higher end of our forecast, which is $8.30.

Well, David, you know our business better than anybody. And you know that half of our business is on-site and there is not a lot of price increase in that. So as a rule of thumb, you can take the numbers that we have given you for each region, multiply it by 2 and you end up with what we achieved in the merchant business. And you see that it is strong. It's 7%, 8%, 11% in the different regions.

No, I don't have any concern. That project is a project that has a strong support of the central government. The central government wants that to happen. The issue is the allocation of coal to that project. That is a very important issue for us because we don't want to do any big gasification project when the source of coal is not 100% guaranteed. I mean, YK is a big coal company, but they need to get allocation of the coal. So that -- the negotiations with that is taking longer than what we expected, but I fully expect that project to go forward. The timing might be a little bit different than what we expect today. But I think that, that is a good project. It makes a lot of sense, and it will eventually happen.

Sure. North America operating rates are in about mid-70s. The operating rates in Europe are around -- in low 80s. And the operating rate in the areas that we operate in, in Asia is about in mid-80s.

Well, in 2019, our fiscal year ends at the end of September. So we did have a positive impact from the Golden Pass Project, but that's not going to be huge. But as we go forward, we are very optimistic about that business. As you know, that business used to make us $150 million of EBITDA a year. And today, it's making nothing. So we think that in time, we will get to that $150 million rate in the next 3, 4 years. We are very optimistic about the LNG business. That's why we never considered divesting of it. We have a huge technological advantage, almost 70% -- 75% of all the large LNG projects use our technology, and we see many of them happening in the U.S. and around the world. So we continue to -- we expect a very positive future for that business.

No. In fact, a significant amount of that is also -- Lu'An is obviously affecting it, but there is obviously the fact that we have gotten significant pricing. I mean, our merchant pricing in last quarter was 11% ahead of last year. So that is a very positive contributor. And besides that, our people there are doing a good job in productivity and keeping the costs under control. So overall, as I said, I'm very proud of what they have done and that -- I'm optimistic that we will be able to maintain that kind of a margin as we go forward.

If we successfully complete the negotiations by the end of the year and financially close, that project will contribute in 2019 and then obviously 2020 and then the big impact will be 2021. But it will definitely impact 2019 if we completed by the end of fiscal year this year.

The currency has nothing to do with it. Our business is absolutely local. And whether the dollar is up or down, it has no effect on our ability to increase or lower prices in different parts of the world. This is not like crude oil or anything like that. So it is totally independent, John.

No, I expect our 2020 CapEx will be probably north of $3 billion.

The amount that we paid for that, I think we have disclosed that, it's more than $100 million. And obviously, the rule of thumb that we always tell you, if you spend $100 million, that should give us an operating income of $10 million.

Yes.

No. That -- as the price of oil goes up, the number of projects that become viable obviously becomes bigger. So you're right on that.

Well, Bob, I mean, you are exactly accurate in terms of the kind of argument that is used. And quite frankly, the very best example of what you just said is the IGCC project in Saudi Arabia, the Jazan project that you are talking about. We went to Saudi Aramco and said that we have improvements in the Shell technology. And they are using the Shell technology for gasifying the bottom of their refinery, and that is an asset buyback. So that is an ideal example of what you're talking about, and there are others like that, that obviously we are pursuing.

Well, first of all, that explosion has nothing to do with what we are doing. It has no impact.

That's correct, sir. That's correct.

In 2019, I think Scott can answer that.

I'm not sure, quite honestly, I understood the question.

For just Europe or for everywhere else? In general...

For Europe, we expect the run rate to continue. We are not -- as I said, with the Brexit delayed, we are not concerned about volumes in Europe and we remain positive about pricing in Europe.

Okay. With respect to -- thanks for your question. The number one is that the effect of the -- it's about 80 basis points in terms of India, that's number one. The second thing is that with respect to where would the EBITDA margin be, I've always told people from way back that when you are modeling Air Products, model an EBITDA margin of 35% to 36%, and I would still suggest that. We did do very well this quarter. We'll see what the next quarter brings, but I don't want to start kind of predicting that we will hit 37.7% every quarter. But I think it is safe to assume that we will be around 35% on average.

Don, I heard your question and I was trying to get away with not answering it. You know that we don't like to make any comments on pricing considering the nature of our industry. So you need to let me off the hook on that one.

Let me answer them one at a time. With respect to air -- with these coal gasifications, the part that we make ourselves is the air separation unit, the main coal boxes. Those coal boxes are manufactured right now exclusively mostly in China. So as we expand -- we have expanded our operation in China in Gaoxin, south of Shanghai. As we expand, we continue to expand that facility. And if we get to a stage that we need additional capacity, we know where to go. So that is -- with the rest of these coal gasification facilities, we do not manufacture them ourselves. A lot of them are engineered and designed and built at the job site, and they are prefabricated at different locations and brought together and assembled together like an Erector Set. So there is no kind of constraint on our ability to manufacture these things.

Well, the capital cost for these projects, depending on where they are, can significantly be reduced if you break down the project like we did in Jazan and prefabricate them at the most cost effective area. When you look at Jazan, and hopefully, we can show you a movie of it one time, you see that it was like an Erector Set. We had a 450-ton unit of all of the piping manufactured actually in China, which was the lowest cost. And then it was shipped and then put together with the rest of the plant. So we did a lot -- not -- we did not do a lot of the cutting and building and all of that in Jazan, which would have been very expensive. So that is what you do in terms of trying to reduce the cost. The air separation part, which is about -- usually on this big project, the air separation part is about 10% of the cost. That one, we manufacture it in several pieces in Gaoxin and then ship it to the job site and put it together.

About more than 20% on engineering. The construction, the actual construction, when you are building a plant like Jazan, we have construction supervision people. And just to give you a number for Jazan when we were building it, we had about 200 of our people supervising it. But the number of people who are actually building the plant, they're 6,000. Those people, we hired locally for the project. They are not permanent employees. Out of the 16,000, about 20% are dedicated engineering and project management people that we have and they are long-term employees of Air Products, and we are very proud of them.

Well, you're asking me a very difficult question. I don't know how to answer that because I obviously am in no position to speak for our competitors. If their strategy is that they are not optimistic about these projects, I hope they continue to follow that strategy. But I really cannot comment on behalf of our customers that when they are dealing with us, how many other people they are talking and all of that. We always behave as if we have competition, and we try to give the very best offer that we can to our customers. So -- I mean, that's the extent that I'm going to comment on this.

Well, I think all of those projects, people would be looking for bids for ASUs. The way we are trying to differentiate ourselves by making an offer to the customer that we provide you not only the ASU, but also the gasification, and therefore, a different package rather than just competing for the ASU, which most of the time -- if the customer wants to buy the ASUs by themselves, they usually do a sale of equipment rather than sale of gas. So -- and as you see most of the current existing gasifiers in China, which there are many, have all been sale of equipment. So we are trying to differentiate ourselves by giving a bigger package. But if the customer insists that no, I just want the bid for the air separation unit, we usually -- depending on who the customer is, we usually give them a bid because we'll be happy to build the air separation unit. But we are trying to differentiate ourselves by giving a bigger package to the customer.

Well, it's too soon for us to comment on that quite honestly. We usually don't comment on that anyway. But these people have been in business for a few months, so it's very difficult to make an assessment on that. But you said the key thing, P.J., and I said this publicly in February at a conference. The reason we are getting the pricing is because we are willing to walk away from volume. That is the key thing that we are saying that we -- our costs have gone up and all of that. This is the price of our product. If the customer wants to go buy from somebody else, they can. And the willingness to walk away from low-margin business is what is giving us the ability to increase the prices. Otherwise, we will never increase prices. So that is a very different strategy for us, that's exactly right.

Well, we always say that we always promise what we can deliver and usually deliver more than what we promise. So I don't want to get ahead of myself, but I hope what you're saying would turn out to be true.

Well, thank you for saying that, by the way. I expect our EBITDA margins in Asia to continue to be at around those numbers.

Mike, as I mentioned before, the operating rates in the region that we operate in China is getting to around mid-80s. And when you get to mid-80s, then you do have pricing power. So our LOX/LIN pricing has been going up. And if the economy stays the way it is and the operating rate stays the way it is, which I think it will because nobody is building a brand new plant right away, so I expect that we would continue to have good momentum.

Yes, we did.

Well, you are very right. Yes, to some extent, we do. I mean, the dollar content of a lot of the projects that we make is not that huge, but we do get a tailwind from that. You're right, yes.

You see -- but -- the fact that the capital cost of the projects will go down a little bit, that is minute, it's not material to our numbers. As we go forward, we expect the headwind on the currency to subside a little bit, then you go quarter-by-quarter. So as Scott was just telling me before the call, we expect that for next quarter the headwind will be less than the $0.08, and hopefully for the quarter after that, less than that. Obviously, none of us can predict what will happen to the currencies and all of that. But if the currency rates stay about the same, we should have not as much of a headwind in the third quarter. But Scott can amplify on that.

It depends where it is. In some countries, it's in local currency. In some countries, it's in dollar terms, depending on the country and how we feel about the customer and their expectations of currency.

In China, the contracts that we have are in renminbi, in local Chinese currency. Yes, sir.

Simon, you want to -- since you prepared the slide, you want to make any comment?

Well, right now, the gasification projects, some of them is JVs and some of them is 100% ourselves like Juitai. Is that the question?

Yes, yes.

Yes. Whether it's JV or not, it's all take-or-pay.

Okay. Well, we have run over the time and since there are no other questions, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the very best. Thank you again.