Thank you, Simon, and good day to everyone. We thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. To start, I want to acknowledge the united and extraordinary efforts of all of the talented, committed and resilient people of Air Products around the world. They work hard every day to provide critical products and services to our customers. Our people, working in solidarity and in a determined way, have made it possible for us to keep our 750 facilities around the world operating throughout this unprecedented crisis. And I want to particularly thank our team who worked through the very challenging severe winter storm in the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Our people are the ones who are making it possible for us to continue to deliver our near-term business results, while also pushing forward to develop, execute and operate major world-class projects to ensure our growth in the future. Our people are the ones who make our higher purpose real every day, that is to help humanity move forward in a sustainable way and bring people together to help solve energy and environmental challenges.
Now please turn to Slide #3. As always, safety is the most important focus for all of us at Air Products. It is a moral responsibility to keep our people safe, and our goal will always be 0 accidents and 0 incidents. Despite the challenging COVID-19 conditions, our team continues to focus on working safely, following our strict protocols to help protect themselves, our customers and our communities. I also want to emphasize that sustainability is at the core of our DNA, and it drives our growth opportunities. We will be issuing our annual sustainability report later this month, and I look forward to continuing this very important conversation with you.
Now please turn to Slides 4, 5 and 6. You can again see our goal, our management philosophy and our 5-point plan for moving forward. These are the guiding principles that we follow every day and that will continue to guide us in the future.
Now please turn to Slide #7. We remain committed to delivering superior financial performance. And as I said, our people also know they are supporting a higher purpose in the work they do every day. Our industrial gas expertise in many areas is critical to the success of dozens of industries. And the scope and complexity of our mega projects require talented people with a variety of skills and backgrounds from different parts of the world to work together as one team. We are proud to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together to collaborate and develop innovative solutions for some of the most challenging energy and environmental problems in the world. That is our higher purpose, and it inspires our team and drives us forward every day.
Now please turn to Slide #8, which highlights our gasification projects. We are committed to our gasification strategy and are pursuing exciting projects around the world. We continue to see countries and large companies driving to convert low-value feedstock into high-value finished products. They have identified gasification as the best way to use abundant, low-value resources, like coal, pet coke and refinery bottoms in a sustainable manner. And we are in the best position to work with them and help them deliver better, more sustainable solutions that benefit their economies and their people.
Consistent with our strategy, we are pleased to have completed the acquisition of the remaining 50% share of our gasification technology joint venture in China. Now that this team will be 100% part of Air Products, we are confident this will make us even more successful to pursue and win new large-scale gasification projects. We do expect to announce additional gasification projects in the future.
Now specifically, I would like to give you an update on the 2 large gasification projects, which I have discussed during our last 2 earnings calls. First, our $12 billion acquisition of the Jazan gasifier and power plant from Saudi Aramco. We have continued to make significant progress working with our partners and lenders since our last update. The team has worked hard to bring the project to the final stage of project financing. Barring any unforeseen circumstances, we expect this project to reach financial close in this fiscal year.
I also want to provide you an update on Lu'An. During our second quarter, we continue to recognize a reduced monthly fee under our interim agreement while our customers' plants were shut down. But I am very pleased to announce that our customers has requested the start-up of our facility, and we are proceeding with the commissioning of our plant. Since our equipment has been idled for several quarters, it will require a period of time to bring all 4 gasifiers back on. But for your information, as of this morning, the first gasifier was online, making synthetic gas and supplying our customers. So we are encouraged by this development.
Now please turn to Slide #9, which shows our EPS growth. As you can see, we have delivered greater than 10% annual EPS growth since 2014, despite the adversities presented by the recent external challenges. This is a testament to the hard work of our people and the stability of our business. This year, again, we expect to achieve nearly 10% EPS growth in challenging conditions. I will discuss our expectation for this year in more detail later in the call.
Now please turn to Slide #10. A reminder that we share our earnings and its growth with our investors. Both our EPS and dividends have grown double digits since 2014. While we continue to develop our exciting growth opportunities, we have significant cash flow that supports our substantial dividend that we have increased for the last 39 consecutive years.
And finally, Slide #11, shows our EBITDA margin. As always, my favorite slide, where it shows that the margin is up over 1,200 basis points since 2014. Margin is down slightly, primarily due to the significantly higher energy pass-through for natural gas, which increases our sales but doesn't impact profits. I'm very proud of our team who delivered EBITDA margin over 37% for the quarter despite the challenges of the pandemic and the winter storm affecting the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to provide a financial review. Scott?

Thank you, Scott. Now please turn to Slide #16 for our Asia results. Sales increased 6% compared to last year as favorable currency and price more than offset weaker volume. Pricing up in all countries added 1%, which represents a 3% increase for the merchant business. This was the 16th consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement. Sequentially, price was also positive, but rounded to 0. 
Volumes are down 2% as higher merchant volumes, I'd like to repeat, higher merchant volumes and new plants partially offset the impact of Lu'An being shut down. Merchant volume improvement in the region has been encouraging, particularly in light of the strong rebound following the expected Lunar New Year slowdown. But the recovery is not consistent across all product lines.
Additionally, we brought on stream a number of new smaller plants that contributed to our results. EBITDA was similar to last year, as strong price and favorable currency helped offset the impact of lower volumes. EBITDA margin of 46.4% was 330 basis points lower than last year, primarily due to lower volume driven by Lu'An. Sales and profit were down sequentially, primarily due to Lunar New Year.
Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to talk about our Americas results. Scott?

Thank you, Simon. Now please go to Slide #21. Unfortunately, as everybody knows, the world continues to struggle with the COVID-19 pandemic. With widespread vaccination efforts, some regions have been able to reduce the spread of the virus, while others are experiencing an increase in number of cases. Against this backdrop, we take pride in our ability to deliver consistent earnings and cash flow. Our on-site business, roughly half of our total sales, remained stable and our price continued to be strong. We have also seen signs of improvement in merchant volumes.
As we look forward, although we still see uncertainties ahead, our confidence in major economies around the world is growing, particularly in light of the increasing pace of vaccination. Therefore, we have resumed providing EPS guidance this quarter. As I mentioned earlier, Lu'An has asked us to restart our facilities, and we expect Jazan to close during this fiscal year. 
However, there remains some uncertainty to the exact timing of these events; therefore, we are providing our EPS and CapEx guidance, excluding Jazan and Lu'An restart. In other words, the restart of Lu'An and the financial close of Jazan, if they happen within this fiscal year, they will be accretive to the guidance that I'm giving you.
Our quarter -- for quarter 3 of fiscal year 2021, our earnings per share guidance is $2.30 to $2.40 per share, which is up 14% to 19% over last year. And the guidance for our fiscal year 2021 is $8.95 to $9.10, up 7% to 9% over last year. We see our CapEx at approximately $2.5 billion for this year, again, excluding Jazan. Meanwhile, we continue to execute our other projects, bringing them on stream and finalizing agreements with our customers. We are committed to the capital deployment strategy and to growing our pipeline of our projects.
Please turn to Slide #22. As always, the success of our strategy is rooted in the great team we have at Air Products. We believe strongly that our only sustainable long-term competitive advantage is the degree of commitment and motivation of our people, the people who work hard every day to bring our strategy to life. I am very proud to be working with this team.
Our deep commitment to sustainability creates exciting growth opportunities driven by the energy transition to a lower carbon world. Our gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen growth platforms are at the core of this transition. In the past 5 years, our differentiated strategy and our core competencies have positioned Air Products to lead across these areas.
Now at this time, we are very pleased to answer any of your questions.

Well, Kevin, thank you for your question. I see that we are focused on gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen and, obviously, our underlying standard business. We think that our underlying business will require investment of approximately $500 million to $700 million, $800 million, with all of these smaller plants and generators and all of that to grow with the overall economy in the world. Then in terms of the other 3 opportunities, in terms of capital allocation, I don't want to kind of prefer one over the other because it depends different parts of the world. Obviously, we are not going to spend any money on significant gasification project in some of the more developed coal gasification in, for example, Europe or the U.S., but there will be coal gasification projects in India and Indonesia and the other -- and China.
Carbon capture is going to require a lot of capital, and that will be very, very prevalent in -- I foresee, in Europe and in the United States, specifically. And then obviously, green hydrogen and blue hydrogen, it will be all over the world. So I would have a balance with them. But since these are all mega projects, for 1 year or 2, one of them might be higher than the other one. But in the course of 5 to 10 years, if you take all of the capital allocation, I think that most of the capital will go to carbon capture, then hydrogen and then gasification.

The benefit could actually be very positive. The only caveat over here is that there is a lot of talk about this thing. There is a lot of interest in it. But I'm a conservative person, I want to wait and see how many of these projects actually do materialize.
But as I think Scott mentioned when he was talking about the Americas, the intensity of hydrogen requirement per barrel of renewable diesel versus per barrel of ordinary diesel is almost 4 to 5x. So if these refineries in a major way convert to renewable diesel, the demand for hydrogen will actually go up. But again, I just don't want to get ahead of ourselves because there is a lot of talk, but we'll see how many of these projects will actually materialize.

Are you talking about Jazan?

Okay. So first of all, if I may answer the second part of your question, we had given some general guidance about the profitability of this project to the investors almost 2 years ago. During the period of the negotiations and so on, that expectation is still correct. So secondly, the first part of your question, once we close on this thing, the day we close, the next day, we will get our fixed fee, and therefore, it will be accretive to our EPS.

No. I think we explained to you that when we renegotiated the contract, we renegotiated that we have a structure for, if the plant is down, what we get paid. We have a structure for when the plant is up and running for a period of time, and then we get back to full payment for -- per the original contract. So there's kind of 3 levels.

Because then we don't have to consult with somebody else in terms of what we do and what we don't do. Because when you are a 50-50 joint venture, you have to have a consensus when you're going to different projects in different parts of the world and different people have different preferences. But then it is 100% owned, then we can decide on our own what we want to do. Therefore, I think that is why I said it will facilitate us in terms of getting additional projects.

Not particularly, no, for neither one. We are assuming that things will be approximately -- there might be some improvement, but that is not the driver for the forecast. We are taking a conservative approach there.

The volumes would have been down.

You are referring to our hydrogen business, Jeff, right?

I think our merchant business -- I mean, our LOX/LIN business would have been kind of flat and then our hydrogen business would have been lower. Because as you know, we have some refineries like the Shell refineries, which was a customer shutdown. And then out of the 100% volume, some of the volume on the pipeline is not contracted long term. It is a spot sale and the refineries, considering their level of operation being low, they had cut back on their spot sales. So the hydrogen volumes would have been lower, especially on the Gulf Coast.

The equity income is so high, Jeff, because I explained that last time, because our equity affiliate in Americas is Mexico. And Mexico, unfortunately, because of COVID, the demand for oxygen was phenomenal, just the way it is right now in India and the way it is for -- in Brazil. Quite frankly, that is why some of our competitors are having very good results because of that. It's a very unfortunate situation. But I mentioned last quarter that if you are in the medical business right now, Mexico, Brazil, India will make you a lot of money. And we saw that benefit in our joint venture in Mexico.

Well, I think you should -- you are on the very right track, and let's look at the causes. Number one, the margin comes down when Lu'An is shut down because Lu'An is a very, very high-margin business. So that Lu'An, by itself, has a significant effect when it is down.
The second thing is that when natural gas prices go up, we end up showing more sales because we are buying natural gas and then the customer reimburses us for that. But it shows us higher sales, but it doesn't affect the profit line. So if natural gas, every dollar of natural gas going up, affects our sales by $350 million in a year. So if natural gas prices continue to go up, then our margins for our hydrogen business looks lower because the profit doesn't change, but the sales go up. So those are the 2 effects that you need to think about.
So as we go forward, if natural gas prices come back to the levels they were, and if Lu'An starts up, then you're going to see our margins go up. So I still feel very good about our margins. We haven't seen a fundamental change in the profitability of our business.

Well, the thing is that with a plant that has been shut down and then you start it up, you never know which pump works, which pump doesn't work. But as I mentioned in my comments, as of this morning, we do have one of the gasifiers online supplying their product to our customers. And I'm hoping that the other 3 will come on stream in the next few months. We don't want to be too specific because we can start up and one pump can have a failure and then you have to recommission or change the pump and all of that. But overall, it's not going to take years, it's going to be a relatively short period of time.

Fiscal '21, which is the one we are in right now versus fiscal '22, right?

Versus next year? Well, this year, I mean, we haven't made a lot of money in Lu'An because, in fact, the plant has been shut down for 6 months, and now we are starting it up. So I think that fiscal year '22 will be significantly better than '21, barring any plant breakdown or anything.

I don't want to confirm that because it depends on how much we run and all of that. But John, the biggest issue over here was the fact that people thought that gasification is dead, the plant will be shut down forever. 
That -- we always said that's not the case. We always said that this is due to change in management and so on, and that has proven to be correct. So the fact is that the customer wants the plant running, the plant is viable. It is going to produce product. And now how much is our profitability, '22, I'm sure, is better than '21, but it also depends on how well they we run the plant and how many times we can keep the gasifiers on the stream and all of that. So I don't want to give you a definite prediction. Obviously, we will give you a much more accurate prediction in October when we give you our guidance for 2022.

John, the demand for those kind of projects never slowed down during the COVID. It continued to be very strong. It continues to be very strong. And we are optimistic about -- very optimistic about the deployment targets. Scott mentioned that we have almost 95% delivered 2 years in advance, and we are very bullish on that. We see a lot of very large projects that we are working on, and I think those will bear fruit as we go forward.

That's a very good question, actually, Mike. What I said was that we saw a very strong recovery in China and other places after the Lunar New Year. The thing that I said is that the recovery is not even across all product lines. That specifically means that our LOX/LIN business is coming on strong. Our argon business is coming strong, but that is not necessarily true about our helium business in that part of the world. And that is because some of our -- because we have -- as you know, we are holding very firm to our pricing strategy. And as a result, we might be losing some market share there.

The demand for electronics and the electronics on-site business for high-purity nitrogen is very strong. We are participating in that. We have won a lot of contracts. Some of that, we cannot announce because the customer doesn't want to announce it because they want to keep their clients kind of confidential. But we are not losing any market share in that area. We are -- we have proprietary products, which are actually very competitive, and we remain very bullish in that area.

You're talking about our capital expenditure?

That is going to grow my friend, it's not going to come down. We are going to continue to invest heavily for the next 10, 15 years because the opportunities are huge. Our financial capacity is there, and we are not going to be buying shares. We will maintain our dividend and increase it, but we are not going to waste our money buying shares. We are going to invest in high-return projects, which there are plenty of them for us. 
And what we will do is that, in a few months, we are going to give you a plan for the next 5 years, the same way that we did in 2018. In 2018, we said between '18 and '23, we will spend about $15 billion. We are already ahead of that. And in a few months, we will give you a plan for 2020 -- for -- a 10-year plan, 2018 to 2028. So don't expect -- yes, go ahead.

Well, if everything goes fine, and Lu'An -- we are totally successful in bringing Lu'An online, and we signed all of the final contracts and finished the financing, 2022 will be a good year because then Jazan and Lu'An will be there compared to this year. Not a bad assumption.

First of all, I don't want to make any comment about the bigger NEOM project because I don't know enough about it, and that's not something that we are involved. The one thing that I can confirm is that our project has nothing to do with the city. Whether the city is delayed or built or not built, it doesn't affect our project at all. We are self-contained. We are going to be desalting our own water. We are going to produce our own power. And so we are totally self-contained. So that -- any kind of any issues with the city will not affect our project. In terms of our project, we have placed orders for some of the long-term items, and we are making progress. And in terms of cash flow, it is -- already we are spending money on that project right now.

On that one, I think the -- you know the number of sources of helium and all of that. The biggest question about supply/demand in helium is not a secret. It is what is going to happen to the project that Russia is doing, the so-called Amur project. That project will produce a lot of helium when it is online. The issue is when is it going to be online? Is it going to be -- end of 2021? 2022? 2023? At what rate, that is in Siberia and all of that. So I don't want to make any predictions on that, but that is the only other major project that is underway.

No, it does not allow for that. Our contracts are take-or-pay. So while people contemplate different things, that doesn't affect our contracts, John.

They are on schedule, on plan.

Well, thank you for the question. And also thank you for providing the answer because you kind of answered the question by saying that we are in a unique position. We are operating the largest carbon capture facility in the world right now. Operational. We have been running it for several years. We capture 1 million ton a year of CO2 from the SMRs that we have in Port Arthur. So we know how to do this thing. 
Secondly is that we have many, many SMRs that put out CO2. Therefore, the CO2 is there that can be captured. The other thing is the fact that there is significant focus on this because by capturing CO2, you can make blue hydrogen. And therefore, the transition to the hydrogen economy can happen very quickly using hydrocarbons. And a lot of people are very interested in that. People who make hydrocarbons are very interested in finding a way to produce hydrogen, capture the carbon and say here is the hydrogen, which is almost -- is not as good as green hydrogen, but it is hydrogen with significantly reduced carbon footprint. So that is why I am -- I think that there will be a lot of big investments in that area, and we are very well positioned with our core competency, with the plants that we have around the world to be a major player on that, and we intend to be a major player on that.
Our goal is very simple. Gasification, we have put ourselves in a position that we are the major -- the leading company for gasification. Any gasification project in the project -- in the world, probably Air Products will do that. We plan to be the leader in blue hydrogen, which means CO2 capture, and we plan to be the leader in green hydrogen, which we already are with the plant that we are building in NEOM.

You're raising an excellent question. The issue is that, in terms of the economics, you would expect that U.S. will be ahead of Europe because of the cheap natural gas that you can convert and all of that, you can capture the carbon and have blue hydrogen and all of that. But then there is the fundamental element of the government interest. And what we are finding out is that the governments in Europe are a lot more committed to green hydrogen. They are really committed to green hydrogen, not blue. They want green. 
And as a result, I think our hydrogen business, our green hydrogen business, the biggest potential will be in Europe rather than in the U.S. or any other part of the world. That's the way it is developing right now. But things can change. Government policies can change. If in the United States, all of the states or at least the majority of the states adopt the LCFS plan that California has put in place, then you are going to see a boom in terms of hydrogen in the U.S., but I don't know whether that happens or if that happens.
But in Europe, we see that. And then in Japan, they are going with the idea of taking blue ammonia and putting it in their power plants to reduce their carbon footprint. So the different parts of the world are doing different things. But what you are delineating is a very logical economic thing, but on top of that, you have to put the layer of where the government pressure is. And I think for a project like NEOM, the biggest potential market will probably be Europe.

Well, we are expecting that the COVID impact would be a little bit less in the U.S. because of the vaccination and an improvement in Europe because of the vaccination. And then in China and the rest of Asia, that COVID impact is not as significant anyway. So we have kind of considered some improvement because of COVID impact, but still having, in mind, that there will be some.

Well let me just focus on making sure I understood your question correctly. You are saying how come these renewable diesel projects are not happening faster? I think the main reason is that right now, the only place that it makes sense to sell renewable diesel and still be profitable is in California. 
So people -- I mean, Valero, when they are producing this thing in Texas, they don't sell it in Texas, they sell it in California because if they sell it in Texas, they lose money because just the cost of the raw material for making renewable diesel is probably $2.50, $3 a gallon. 
So -- and so right now, everybody is making things to go to California and sell it in California. And therefore, people are sitting down and saying, "How many -- how much capacity does California have?" Because if you add all of these renewable diesels in 4 or 5 years, 100% of the diesel sold in California will be renewable. Then what do you do? 
So people need to get themselves comfortable that this policy that California has will be picked up by Oregon and Colorado and New York and all of that, which I think it will be. But until it is done, I think you're not going to see a significant growth on this thing because people are going to say, well, how am I going to -- where am I going to sell it?

You are very right because when people talk about capturing carbon, so we can capture carbon for you. Anywhere there is a plant which puts out CO2 out of an SMR or a chemical unit, we know how to capture that. That's the easy part. The question is that what do you do once you have captured it. You need to have a place to sequester it. And the biggest question is that where is it possible to sequester it? Where is it possible that there is enough pore space to do that? That is the biggest -- that is the major question that will come into play in terms of how many of these projects can you do, where can they be done and all of that?

Well, that is the question that I tried to answer before, that when we renegotiated or reconsidered the arrangements with Lu'An, I don't want to go through all of the details because the customer doesn't want us to disclose that. We said that we have come up with 3 stages. One is when the plant is shut down, what do we get? The second thing is that when the plant is up on stream, what do we get for a certain period of time and then we go back to the original contract.
So I do not want to represent to you that if we come on stream 100% in 2022, we will make as much money, the $0.25, as we did in 2019, it will be less than that. How much less than that, I cannot disclose to you. But there is a period of time where we have agreed to reduce our fee to help the customer. And then we will -- but then the overall return on the project is still as good, if not better, because the customer has agreed to extend the term of the contract, which means that our return on invested capital for the length of the contract is still intact. Okay?

Well, the one lesson that I have learned all my life, it's not just -- is that you always need to tell the people the truth at the time that you are talking to them. And therefore, maybe we overdid it, maybe it was -- could have been handled differently, but I believe we handed the right way. In November of 2020, I was very concerned about Lu'An, and I was very concerned about Jazan and I told the investors. 
Now I did explain to them, put the caveat in them that some people didn't listen to us that, look, I don't think these -- this is what I know right now, but this doesn't mean it's the end of the world. This doesn't mean that it's the end of gasification. This doesn't mean that we are not going to do Jazan, but some people took it like that and our stock got hit by $50. But quite honestly, if I had to do it again, I would always tell the investors what we know at the time that we are talking to you, and we should be transparent.
But I think maybe we can do a better job -- we can always do a better job. Maybe we can do a better job on putting it in the right context, not to kind of create panic. But one other thing that I'm sure the investors appreciate is that as we go forward with all of these big projects and so on, these kind of things is normal that it happens. It's just my request to the customers -- to the investors is please just don't panic. I mean we will tell you what it is and make a judgment based on the facts rather than suddenly other people who have always been saying that gasification doesn't work and then we say, Lu'An is shut down, and they say, "Look, I told you so, this is it. This is the end of it. Nothing else is going to happen. These guys are going through the wrong track." But again, as I said, we will always tell you exactly what we know at the time we talk to you. 
We are significantly over time. Can we say this is the last question, please?

Do you have another question?

No, then that's the right time to end this. Well, I'd just like to again thank everybody for being on our call and listening to our presentation. We sincerely appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. And as I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy and all the best. Take care. Thank you.