Thank you, Simon, and good day to everyone. Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today.  
Our fiscal year 2022 third quarter results are the latest demonstration of the strength and resilience of our business portfolio, despite all the well-known and visible headwinds on the global stage, such as rampant inflation, supply chain constraints, currency headwinds, COVID-related shutdowns in China, the war in Ukraine and the significant rise in energy prices in Europe.  
The people of Air Products delivered excellent results, with earnings per share up 13% versus last year. In addition, as you can see, we delivered very strong cash flow that will support our energy transition growth projects. I do want to thank all of the people at Air Products for the total commitment to excellence and service to our customers.  
Now please turn to Slide #3, our safety performance. Our highest priority at Air Products is the safety and well-being of our employees. We have made significant progress to improve our safety performance in the last few years. But we are working even harder to achieve our ultimate goal of zero incidents and accidents.  
Now please turn to Slide #4. This is our historical performance over the last 8 years and the best indication of our commitment and the resilience of our business portfolio. 
We have increased our earnings per share by an average of 11% per year over the last 8 years, despite all of the ups and downs in the world economy, geopolitical tensions and COVID. This performance is better than what we promised investors 8 years ago. 
Now please to Slide #5, which clearly indicates that we have shared the success with our investors by increasing our dividend per share by an average of 10% per year also.
  
Now please go to Slide #6. My favorite slide that shows our EBITDA margins. You'll note the significant improvement over the years, and please also note that about 3/4 of the recent decline is due to higher pass-through energy costs that increase our sales but not our profits.
I have, as usual, included Slides #7, 8, 9 and 10 to emphasize our continued commitment to the basic management principles that have guided our performance up to now and will continue to be the key principles that we will follow in the future.
Slide #11, 12 and 13 represent our new sustainability commitments that we shared on Monday, July 25 at a conference call. The transcript of that call explains all of these slides in detail. So I do not plan to go through that again today. 
But I do want to reiterate that sustainability is our growth strategy at Air Products, and we are committed to improving our performance and enabling our customers to do the same. We are proud to have set additional ESG goals and increased our total capital expenditure for projects driving the energy transition to $15 billion or more.
Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Melissa Schaeffer, our Chief Financial Officer, to go through the details of the fiscal year third quarter results. Melissa.

Thank you, Melissa. Now please turn to Slide #18 for our Asia results. As I mentioned earlier, currency was a major hurdle for Asia this quarter. Sales were flat as positive volume and price that offset by weaker currency.
Volume was up 2% as we continue to successfully bring on -- being onstream a small- to medium-sized traditional industrial gas plants in our on-site business across the region, which more than offset the reduced merchant volumes caused by COVID restrictions in certain parts of China in the last quarter. 
Our merchant price was up 5% compared to last year, which resulted in the 2% overall price improvement for the region.
Costs were unfavorable, primarily due to higher planned maintenance, inflation and supply chain inefficiencies caused by COVID restrictions. EBITDA was 5% lower, mostly due to currency, and EBITDA margin decreased 230 basis points as better price and volume only partially offset the higher costs.
Now, I would like to turn the call over to Simon to talk about our Europe results. Simon?

Thank you, Dr. Serhan. As I have mentioned previously, our strategy for the company is fundamentally based on doing two things at the same time, 2 pillars. 
Number one, is to operate our base industrial gas business in the most efficient way and continue to invest and grow that business, something that we have been doing, and we will continue to do.
The second pillar of our strategy is to focus on zero and low-carbon hydrogen projects that produce the hydrogen energy of the future. Air Products today is the leader in the production of gray hydrogen worldwide. 
Our strategy is to have a natural extension of that leadership position and to be the leader in the production of green hydrogen, based on renewable resources, and blue hydrogen, which is the production of hydrogen from hydrocarbons combined with CO2 capture. 
That is our growth strategy for the future. We are very much committed to this strategy. These 2 pillars are part of the same thing. They fit together. They align with our core competencies as a company and they give us the potential to grow significantly. 
As the world's largest hydrogen supplier, with over 60 years of experience with hydrogen, we are uniquely positioned to be successful in implementing this strategy.
We have the know-how to carry out our mega projects and implement them successfully, as demonstrated by the successful completion of several major projects recently, including a more than $2 billion air separation project, the largest in the world, which was completed on time and in their budgets, recently. 
We can also leverage our existing assets as many of our energy transition projects are connected to our own pipelines, which can readily supply the low-carbon hydrogen to our existing customers. 
Now please turn to Slide #24. Like everyone else, we see significant economic challenges as we go forward. COVID restrictions in China remain uncertain, and we expect inflation, currency and supply chain constraints to continue to be headwinds. 
Although we have only a very small business in Germany, the fear of energy supply disruptions is weighing on all of Europe. Despite all of these headwinds, I remain confident in the strength and stability of Air Products business. 
We will push for price increases to compensate for additional costs, pursue additional volume opportunity and pay very close attention to our costs. 
As a result, for the fiscal year '22, we have kept our guidance unchanged despite not only all of these headwinds, but also the more than $0.10 of negative currency impact that we see, which is different -- which is higher than when we gave you the guidance last quarter. 
Our range of $10.20 to $10.40 represents a 14% increase at midpoint over last year. We expect to see our CapEx in 2022 to be slightly above $4.5 billion, including the approximately $1.5 billion previously invested for Phase 1 of the Jazan project. 
Now please turn to Slide #25. To make this energy transition a reality, we need people who share the same vision for this important undertaking. 
Recently, I've been hosting strategy discussions with our employees around the world. These are extensive thoughtful dialogues with small groups of people at a time that allow me to share our strategy with our people and as always, to answer their questions and get input from them. 
I have already met with approximately 2,000 of our employees in the last 2 months, and our plan is to talk to all of our 20,000 employees in small groups in the next year or so. I'm happy to say that our employees are excited, motivated and confident to take on the bold challenges ahead of us. 
Their commitment and motivation is our long-term competitive advantage, which is going to make us successful in implementing our strategy. I am, have been and continue to be very excited about the future of Air Products. 
Now before we answer your questions, I do have an announcement to make. As all of you on this call know -- all of you on this call know my friend and colleague, Mr. Simon Moore very well. He has been responsible for Investor Relations for the last 12 years. He has been a significant contributor to the success of Air Products over the last 33 years. 
Recently, Simon informed me that he plans to spend more time with his family and therefore, he wishes to retire from Air Products at the end of March 2023. We have decided to announce this decision early so that we can go about finding a successor in an open and public manner and also to give his successor plenty of time for the transition. 
I do want to publicly acknowledge and thank Simon for the outstanding and valuable contribution he has made to Air Products and also acknowledge the key role he has played in developing our sustainability program. 
All of us at Air Products wish Simon the best in his retirement and look forward to working with him over the next 8 months to identify and transition to a strong successor. Simon, thank you again for all we have done for Air Products, and I invite you to make any comments you would like to make at this time.

Thank you very much, Simon, for your kind remarks. I do appreciate that. 
Now, we are pleased to answer your questions.

Thank you, Chris. Chris, thanks for your comments. I appreciate that. We are very confident that we will be able to continue doing what we have been doing in the last 3 quarters in order to deal with all of the headwinds that we are dealing with. We have significant headwinds in currency, COVID, energy costs and all of that. 
We believe that we have the capacity, the resilience, the strength and the market position to continue to increase prices to compensate for energy costs and other inflationary factors. So we are not going to fall behind on that as we have demonstrated in the last 3 quarters, and I expect those efforts to continue. 
The second thing is that our people are phenomenally focused on our costs, making sure that we have every -- really count for every penny, and Melissa, in her role as CFO, is playing a leading role in interacting with our businesses around the world to make sure they understand their cost. 
And we keep our eyes on the ball in making sure that we are not spending on any money that we don't have to spend on. 
So putting all of these together, that is why we have had, quite honestly, the courage, considering everything that is going to be thrown at us in the next quarter, not to change our forecast for the year and stick with the $10.20 to $10.40, which means at midpoint $10.30 and knowing full well that we are going to be hit with at least $0.10 of currency headwind. 
So we are going to keep doing what we have been doing, and I'm very confident that we should be successful, Chris.

Sure. We fully expect Lu'An to go back to the original contract, starting October 1. And all of those other projects that you mentioned, we expect them to come on a screen in 2023 and contribute to our increased EPS versus this year. So we look forward to having a good year in 2023.

Vince, I see two things, number one, our ability to make sure that we increase prices to keep up with inflation; and the second thing is that there are pockets of our business which are doing better than we expected, to be very specific, the hydrogen pipeline in the Gulf Coast because of what you know very well about increased activity for refineries. So that is helping us.

Yes, sure, go ahead.

No, I was done. Thank you, Vincent.

But we have a lot of flexibility to deal with that if that is what the customers want to do because they have many, many operations that can be -- we do that all the time in order to manage our electricity costs because when electricity costs go up significantly during the night or during the day, depending on where you are, we shut down some -- slow down some facilities and ramp it later. 
So we have a lot of flexibility to deal with that. You must be referring specifically to any possible electricity shortages in Europe as a result of the cutoff of the natural gas to that region. But if that happens, then we just -- we'll adjust our operations to what the customers wishes.

Well, obviously, the dividend is at the discretion of the Board of Directors of the company, but we expect to be getting a regular dividend. That's the expectation. And we got the dividend this quarter, and I expect -- I don't want to say this every single quarter. 
But in general, over the course of the year, we expect to get the dividend that is necessary or expected as per the -- our investment agreement. 
As the company -- the good news, as Dr. Serhan mentioned, is that the plant is operating, the commissioning is going well. And we have an outstanding customer in Saudi Aramco, which happens to be generating a lot of cash themselves. So...

David, I'm -- I would not want to venture into that. You have to give me until beginning of November to give you a guidance for that. So I don't really want to comment too much on that, but I am optimistic because we do have significant plans coming on the stream and therefore, I'm expecting good 2023. 
But in terms of exactly where we will be, it depends on the world economy and all of that, but we will obviously give you a forecast for that in -- when we announce our results at the end of October or early November.

John, you're asking a very good question. Give us a really bit of time to sort out the details of that before we make any public comments. 
Yes, we are looking at possibility of a green hydrogen project in the Netherlands, using the wind energy that they have. But we haven't finalized everything. We just wanted to let people know that we are working on those. But once we have finalized the details, we will make an appropriate announcement.

Kevin, you're asking a very excellent question. I think as the demand goes up, the ability to finance these projects become easier. And I think, in time, we will obviously tell you, for example, how we are going to do the project in NEOM and so on in detail. 
But I think as the Board and the -- all of the infrastructure funds and everybody sees that the demand is real, and it is going, then you'd be able to finance these projects -- project finance these projects. 
And therefore, I think we will -- we certainly at Air Products are confident that we will be able to keep up in terms of the capital with the demand. we don't think we will be capital constrained. 
And I think the rest of the industry, those who wish to play on this thing will participate. I think there is a lot of cash, as you know better than I do, a significant amount of cash available around the world, who is looking for investing in green projects. 
The issue is lack of projects or lack of credible projects. And that is why I think, in time, you will see that the sum of our projects been -- we want to finance them. There will be a lot of demand for people to project finance them. 
So I don't expect -- at least speaking for Air Products, I cannot speak for the industry. But [ speaking ] for Air Products, I don't think we will have the problem of lack of cash.

Jeff, overall, that math makes sense. And actually, that math, if you take the $25 and the $35, that applies to significantly more than the $5.5 million that you're talking about for the [ Valero ] project because we also have a lot of CO2 in other places. 
The bill that is in front of Congress is about 750 pages. I do not want to claim that I know that everything that is in all the 750 pages, but we have been involved significantly in the details of that bill. 
But the bill is not passed yet. So it will be premature to comment on it. Once the bill becomes law, I promise you that we will have a conference call and we as Air product will delineate for you all of the aspects of that bill that would affect our business because it's not just only the CO2, there are things in there about hydrogen and other things. 
So I'd just like to wait. We know a lot about that bill, but I'd like to wait until the bill becomes law. The President signs it, hopefully, in the next few weeks. And then we will, as I said, [indiscernible] will have a detailed conference call, where we will delineate the effect of that across our business.

Well, that is a little bit of a secret that we have. But order of magnitude, let me tell you that the agreement that we have with the State of Louisiana allows us to put in and store significantly higher CO2 than the 100 million that you quoted, significantly high. 
I don't want to give the exact number because we are under confidentiality, but it is significantly higher than the 100.

Well, in China, I think, as we mentioned before, the impact of the COVID shutdowns, we were able to deal with that and actually, with all of the rest of our business growing, the effect was not that material. 
In terms of what is going to happen in the fourth quarter, it all depends on what would be the Chinese government's reaction to any additional outbreak of COVID and how many massive shutdowns they would implement or they would not implement. 
So I cannot predict that, but we are prepared for that. We understand what that involves. And obviously, we have taken some of that into consideration in terms of our guidance, but that is totally unpredictable in terms of what will happen. 
Otherwise, China's -- our business in China has been doing fine, especially the major customers that we have are running very well. Some of the coal gasification projects are running at full capacity because of the price of oil.
So overall, as I said, except for the unknown in terms of dealing with COVID, otherwise, it seems to be fine in terms of China. 
In terms of Europe, energy costs are obviously showing but much to our surprise, the economy has not suddenly tanked. The economy is still, our volumes have not significantly dropped, which is a little bit of a surprise. It can as we go forward, but we are optimistic that, that will continue to be the case. Is that enough color?

That is exactly what will happen, yes, if the bill's getting enacted in the form that it is being talked about right now                 until it becomes off.

In China, electricity cost has not been a major factor. And in China, about 69% of our business is on-site. So up to now, energy cost, electricity cost in China has not been a major factor for us. And obviously, that is regulated by the government. A little bit more control there.

Well, we kept -- you are very right. We usually have a tighter range as the there's been                 to get to this stage, more like $0.10. But we kept it at $0.20 because of the uncertainty that we are facing because we cannot obviously predict the future. But obviously, our goal is to at least get to the midpoint. That is our goal. 
But we just didn't want to pretend as if we know more than we do. And we do have the uncertainty in terms of what is going to happen not only in China but also in Europe, energy costs. What will happen to the supply of natural gas? Is Russia going to squeeze natural gas supply to Europe so that they cannot store it for the winter? I don't know. 
Some of those things are very big unknowns. And also, the U.S. economy, the U.S. economy -- nobody talks about it, but they just increased interest rates, what effect is that going to have on consumer spending? Are we going to see a contraction? We did see the GDP slowdown.
So all of those are unknowns, and that is why we kept the range. But obviously, our goal is to at least get to the midpoint at this stage. But we just wanted to make sure we are very -- don't pretend as if we know more than we do.

On the large projects and so on, we are very optimistic. And I think it will be -- we will be developing and announcing a lot of new projects because we are in a good position. We have technologies that people need, and we are focused on the right sector in terms of green and blue hydrogen. So you -- on gasification. So I think you'll hear a lot from us in the years to come.

John, Dr. Serhan in his comments mentioned that we are seeing a lot of inquiries about our LNG business. What I can tell you is that historically, the peak performance of that business was approximately $200 million a year of contribution in EBITDA.
Today, it is -- I don't want to quote the exact number, but it is obviously not there. So -- and it is a lot lower than that. So we expect that business to do better. 
We -- but it is in the context of the $4 billion of -- or $4.5 billion of Air Products EBITDA, it's not going to double our EBITDA, but it is a good business. It is an excellent business, and it could significantly increase its EBITDA contribution as we go forward. We are looking forward to that. 
There is, as you said, there is a lot of interest, and we are in a very, very good position. We have a very good management team there. And we have very good [ solar ] technology, which is sought after by everybody. 
Something like, I think 85% of all of the major LNG facilities around the world use our technology. So that's -- on a day-to-day basis, Dr. Serhan runs that business. Samir, do you want to make any additional comments?

John, there is obviously no question that there is inflation, and that inflation will impact the capital cost of some of the projects that we are doing. 
The point that we are making is that with a significant amount of the capital that we are putting in the ground, we have not committed to the price of product out of those facilities, especially our blue hydrogen and green hydrogen projects. 
Therefore, in case inflation drives up the capital, that automatically means that product out of those plants will be more expensive than we sell it. And therefore, it -- so I'm not worried about losing the margins that we expected on those projects, which is most of our investments. 
Then there is a significant amount of our projects that are almost at the end. I mean, Jazan Phase 2 is fixed price because we are purchasing something we are not building. That is a significant amount of money that we are going to deploy. And then projects like Gulf Coast Ammonia and some of the other projects are almost done. 
So what we are left is -- we have quoted a number publicly, I think that approximately $3 billion of our projects are projects that we already have a fixed-price contract with our customers. 
So if you take that $3 billion and you say that, well, inflation is going to cost you 10%, yes, we might have to spend $300 million more on those projects. And going by the rule of [ ton ], that would be an effect on our bottom line of about $30 million in terms of operating income. So that can happen. 
Obviously, the team at Air Products is very, very focused to minimize the effect of inflation and also to go back to some of those customers and try to increase the price to get any compensation for that. But that is order of magnitude, the extent of our exposure, John.

Well, thank you very much. I would like to thank every one of you for listening to our presentation. And also, thank you very much for your good questions. I would like to once again thank Simon for his outstanding contribution and wish him -- well, he is obviously going to be with us for a few more calls as we go forward. 
And we look forward to talking to you sometime at the end of October or early November when we announce our results. And in the meantime, have a safe, healthy and enjoyable summer. Thank you.