Thank you, Simon, and good day to everyone. Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call today. 
I am extremely proud to say that Air Products, with grit and determination, has again made great progress this year despite macroeconomic headwinds. We exceeded our financial goals, had great results and, at the same time, reached many key milestones that significantly advanced our growth strategy. 
I would like to thank each one of our talented, dedicated and motivated employees at Air Products for their exceptional efforts. I'm proud to be working alongside them as they continue to deliver strong near-term results as well as executing our long-term strategy.
Before I discuss our results, I would like to share some good news. In his opening comments, Simon mentioned that Mr. Sidd Manjeshwar is joining us on our call today. In addition to Sidd's existing responsibilities as our Corporate Treasurer, he will also be taking on the additional responsibility for leading our Investor Relations team. As we shared last quarter, Simon is planning to retire at the end of March 2023. For the next few months, Simon and Sidd will be working closely together to ensure a smooth transition. Sidd brings a breadth of knowledge and expertise across finance disciplines. And since joining Air Products in April of 2021, he has played a key role in supporting our financial policies and strategies. I know he will be an exceptional and excellent resource for our investors and analysts as we continue to communicate and execute our growth strategy. 
Sidd, congratulations from all of us. And would you like to say something at this stage?

Thank you, Sidd. 
And now please turn to Slide #3. Before I will discuss our results, I would like to highlight our safety performance, which is always our highest priority. We continue to make progress, but we can always do more to ensure the safety and well-being of our employees. Our ultimate goal is zero incidents and accidents.
Now please turn to Slide #4. For fiscal year 2022, our business delivered strong earnings per share of $10.41, an increase of 15% compared to last year. Price and volume both improved across the regions, and the Jazan project contributed as expected. Our team delivered these impressive results despite a $0.24 per share headwind from currency and challenging macroeconomic environments. These results for sure confirm the resilience of our business portfolio and the absolute commitment of our people to deliver near-term results.
Now please turn to Slide #5. These excellent results confirm once again that Air Products has the capacity to deliver near-term performance while executing our ambitious, long-term growth strategy.
On Slide #6, you see that since 2014, our goal has been to deliver an average EPS growth of 10% per year. In the last 8 years, we have exceeded this goal and delivered 11% for this time period. 
As you can see on Slide #7, we have consistently delivered positive earnings growth since 2014 regardless of the macroeconomic conditions. Our on-site business with its take-or-pay contracts gives us downside protection, and our merchant business, having volume and price flexibility, can provide upside potential. In addition, our backlog of nearly $20 billion will add significant long-term growth in the future.
Now I'm on Slide #8. For fiscal year 2023, our guidance is to continue this trend and deliver adjusted earnings per share of $11.20 to $11.50. I would discuss our guideline in more detail later in the call.
Now please turn to Slide #9. The strength and the stability of our business provides a secure, steady cash flow, and we are committed to reward our shareholders by paying a healthy dividend. The whole team is very proud that we have provided 40 consecutive years of dividend increase to our shareholders. This extraordinary achievement is a testament to our people and their strength and the stability of our business.
On Slide #10, you can see that our dividend has grown 10% per year on the average in the past 8 years, mirroring our earnings growth. We expect to return more than $1.4 billion to our shareholders in calendar 2022 and still have significant cash flow to support our growth opportunities.
I would like to point out that on Slide #11, which is still my favorite slide, about 3 quarters of the decline since the peak margin was due to higher energy cost pass-through, which increases our sales but does not impact profit.
On Slide #12, you can see a summary of our management principles, which I have shown to you every quarter in the past 8 years. These principles have guided and will continue to guide our performance as we go forward, and we intend to follow these policies consistently as we go forward.
Now please turn to Slide #13 for a brief overview of our latest green hydrogen project that we announced recently. We took another significant step forward toward a clean hydrogen future by announcing our investment of about $500 million in a new green hydrogen project in Massena, New York, located on the banks on the St. Lawrence River. The facility will produce about 35 metric tons of green liquid hydrogen using almost 100 megawatts of hydroelectric power provided by the New York Power Authority. 
We are excited about this project since it broadens our renewable energy sources to include hydropower in addition to solar and green energy. It also demonstrates the growing support for the energy transition in the United States, which has been further reinforced with the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act. We are actively pursuing other project opportunities for green hydrogen in the United States, driven by this world-leading legislation. I look forward to sharing more information about these projects as we go forward.
Now please turn to Slide #14. As you know, we announced our sustainable aviation fuel project with World Energy in April. This project is another great example of the investment opportunities that further support -- that is further supported by the Investment Reduction Act (sic) [ Inflation Reduction Act ] legislation. We are -- as a result of that legislation and the incentives put for sustainable fuel in aviation, we are expanding our scope. And now with investment -- we'll increase our investment from $2 billion to $2.5 billion in this project. We still expect that this project will contribute more than the minimum returns that we have promised you before. Projects like these are aligned with our energy transition strategy and will continue to drive our earnings now and well into the future.
Now with that, I would like to turn the call to Melissa Schaeffer, our CFO. Melissa?

Thank you, Melissa. 
Now please turn to Slide #18 (sic) [ Slide #21 ] for our Asia fourth quarter results. Sales and profit both improved double digits despite the continued currency headwinds. Volume and price together were up 19%, but they're partially offset by 7% weaker currencies. Volume by itself was up 15%, benefiting from new, small to midsized traditional industrial gas plants in our on-site business across this region as well as an increase in spot opportunities for sales. Merchant price was 9% stronger than last year, which increased the region's overall sales by 3%. Price was up across the key countries and most major product lines.
Continued COVID restrictions in certain parts of China modestly reduced volumes and created supply chain inefficiencies that contributed to higher distribution costs. EBITDA was up 13% after -- even after absorbing 7% of negative currencies as favorable volume and price more than offset unfavorable costs and a lower contribution from our equity affiliates. Sequentially, the strong volume drove both sales and profit increase versus the previous quarter.
Now I would like to turn the call to Simon to talk about our European fourth quarter results. Simon?

Thank you, Dr. Serhan. 
We believe that investing in high-return projects is a better choice for our shareholders and share buyback in the long term. We are also confident that we can deliver on near-term results while achieving our long-term goals. Although the projects that we seek to execute are large and take time, we have the competencies and the people to execute these projects and have been diligently working on them for many years to get to where we are.
Now Air Products has entered a new phase of our company's evolution, in which we expect a steady stream of meaningful contribution from these new projects going forward and for years to come. By choosing capital deployment over share buyback, we believe that we have traded quick gains in the near term for greater reward in the future.
Now please turn to Slide #27. Economies around the world continue to face considerable obstacles. The conflict in Ukraine persists, COVID restrictions in China may continue, we see that inflation, currency and supply chain issues will remain as headwinds. As always, we will push price -- we will push for price increases to compensate for additional costs, pursue additional volume opportunities and obviously pay close attention to our costs.
With that background, for fiscal year 2023, we expect our earnings per share to be in the range of $11.20 to $11.50, representing an 11% increase at midpoint over last year. This includes an expected roughly $0.50 of negative currency impact. I would also like to add that our projections for next year are based on the fundamental assumption that the economies around the world performed as we see them today. That means we don't have a crystal ball, so we have not projected any economic growth around the world, neither have we projected a significant recession. Our guidance is based on what we see today in the economies in Americas, Europe and China.
For quarter 1 of fiscal '23 -- for first quarter of fiscal '23, our earnings per share guidance is $2.60 to $2.80, up 5% to 13% over last year. Please also note that our prior results for the first quarter benefited from a gain of roughly $0.20 related to the finalization of the Jazan suppression unit joint venture. In terms of CapEx, we see our CapEx expenditure for next year to be approximately $5 billion to $5.5 billion, including the approximately $1 billion for the Phase 2 of the Jazan project.
Now please turn to Slide #28. As you may recall from our last earnings call, I have been hosting in-person discussions with our employees across the regions to share our strategy and answer their questions. My goal is to talk with our more than 21,000 employees around the world over the course of the next year in small groups. I am happy to say that our employees around the world share our core values and focus on our common goals. Their commitment and motivation are truly a long-term competitive advantage. As I stated at the beginning of this call, I am proud to be working alongside them to make Air Products the leader of the clean energy future for the world.
Now we are more than pleased to answer your questions.

Excellent question. First of all, in terms of the capital cost, this is a greenfield site. Number two, it includes -- if you're comparing it, for example, to what we are doing at NEOM, it includes liquefaction because we believe that the future of hydrogen for mobility is in the form of liquids rather than gas hydrogen. Therefore, the facility is designed to include the liquefier, and it also includes auxiliary investments in order to develop the site and also in terms of how we get the product to the customers. 
The primary market that we are targeting is obviously hydrogen for mobility. The site might seem remote, but once you have liquid hydrogen, the cost of distribution of liquid hydrogen is not that significant. We, right now, have liquid -- make liquid hydrogen in -- near Toronto in Canada and sell it in California. So the location, we chose it because of the proximity to the power and the site that was there and access to the water. So I'm not concerned about the distribution cost because that is not going to be that significant in the overall scheme of things. 
And besides that, 35 tons a day, considering that any heavy truck on the average uses about 60 kilograms per day, you need about 600 trucks and it will consume the output of this facility. So we are very optimistic about it, and we are very thankful to the state of New York, to NYPA and to the Governor for facilitating us locating in this location and using hydropower.

Well, the price increases in Europe are mainly on liquid oxygen, liquid nitrogen and liquid argon and helium, and obviously, hydrogen, all related to the cost of electricity. And in addition to that, there is general inflation. So the cost increases are a reflection of the increase of our overall cost. So if electricity prices go down, it doesn't mean that all of our costs are -- necessarily have gone down. And therefore, we are going to try to hang on to the price increases for as long as we can because a lot of it is justified just based on inflation rather than just purely power costs.

Jeff, the numbers are very clear in the Inflation Reduction Act with respect to CO2 sequestration. For every ton, you get $85. And obviously, our project in Louisiana is going to produce 5 million tons a year of CO2 that we plan to sequester, so your math is exactly correct. We will get a benefit of about $425 million, $430 million a year for 12 years in doing the sequestration after tax, that is correct.

I can answer that question, but you wanted Melissa to answer, that's not a problem. 
Melissa, would you please take that question?

For the hydrogen business? No, I think that it will be a mixture because I think some customers, even for when they are using it for fuel, like large trucking firms and all of that, they would want to and they have talked about the possibility of long-term contracts to ensure supply. So I think that we will have a combination of both, John.

The main reason is that the total capacity of the plant is approximately 340 million gallons a year. But the portion that will be SAF has been increased because with the IRA, as you know very well, there is going to be $1.25 incentive for making SAF. So we have changed the design of that plan to make more SAF, and that is adding to the cost. Is that okay?

It's basically COVID-related and the COVID shutdowns that China is going through.

No, we are not assuming any improvement in the markets. We are assuming improvement in our results. But we are saying that we have made our forecast for next year based on what we see today that, you're right, economic activity is down in Europe, it's down in China and it's debatable where it is in the U.S. We are basing our assumptions on currently what we see, that's correct. We are not assuming any significant economic growth, and we are not assuming any significant deterioration for where we are. Where we are is not a good place to be, but we are not expecting that to get much worse.

You mean the contract amendment with respect to what? I'm sorry, I didn't...

Are you referring to our on-site business or our merchant business? I'm not relating to the contract amendment. 
Simon, can you help me?

Right. Okay.

John, very good question. I would like to say all of the above. That means that the IRA is very favorable about pursuing green hydrogen opportunities. And we will do, as you saw with the announcement about the project in New York, and we will do additional green hydrogen projects in the United States. And then they had coverage sequestration and the $85 a ton will help us do additional blue hydrogen projects. We are -- as you know, we are committed to the transition, and the IRA provides opportunity for us to do both of those things. Is that okay, John?

Yes. There has been -- especially since the war in Ukraine, there has been significant additional conversations about the need for green. Some countries in Europe are very much committed to green. Some countries are considering also blue. But -- and level of conversation in terms of significant demand for green and blue hydrogen in Europe is noticeable. Yes, you're very right on that.

Well, obviously, we have the liquid hydrogen. In order to sell it, we would need hydrogen refueling stations at different locations so that the trucks can come and stop by and get fuel. There are a lot of options about how we are doing that, and we are exploring all of those options. This is something that we know how to do. I think we already have about 112 of these stations or more than that around the world. We have patents. We know how to build these things. We know how to design these, and I have to say that I think we are at the forefront of technology for this kind of especially liquid stations. So we will be building those in order to be able to sell the product.

Well, I think in the context of the U.S. economy, even you add up that all of those projects are real projects rather than just MOUs, but I mean, it's not enough to kind of affect the inflation of the cost of a plant that you're going to build in the U.S., I don't think so. We are not focused on that. We don't think that's relevant.

Yes, Melissa should answer that. She does a better job than I would do on this. 
Melissa?

Mike, I think the natural gas prices increases in Europe have moderated, but there's still natural gas prices in Europe at around $30 per 1 million BTU, which is 6 or 7x what they used to be. In terms of the natural gas prices, as you correctly said, it's mostly attached to us -- for us. The relevant thing becomes if that higher natural gas costs affect the cost of electricity, which they do. And we haven't seen the electricity prices moderating as much as obviously we or the other people would like to see it. But I do not expect a significant change. But energy prices, as we all know, are pretty unpredictable. It depends on a lot of things, so I don't want to speculate on that. But the one thing that I hope, Mike, we have demonstrated is that we have the ability, the agility and the determination to be flexible and react to that and recover the cost increases, which we have done. I think that's the good news.

Sure, Mike. I would like to have Dr. Serhan answer that question. He mentioned something about that in his prepared remarks. 
But Dr. Serhan, would you like to kind of expand on your remarks about hydrogen demand?

Duffy, I -- you're asking a very, very good question, and thank you for noticing the fact that we have grown our traditional business. We are not just focused on large projects in that part of the world. Theoretically, what you are saying is correct. The only unpredictable thing in this is what is going to happen to these shutdowns in China because, right now, one of the provinces that we operate, the Changxing province, they had found some COVID cases in some of the coal mines and then now the whole state is shut down and all that. Those things do affect our business in the short term. So -- and they are totally unpredictable. But if you assume that none of those things will happen, obviously, the fact that we are bringing these new facilities online, they have helped last quarter and they will help in the future, absolutely.

So Duffy, I'm a little bit hesitant to predict that because, obviously, with our business, we are a leading indicator in terms of -- since we don't have any inventory. I can tell you exactly what is happening now, and now you know the state of affairs. But predicting what is going to happen in the next month or 2 months or 3 months, especially both in China and also in the U.S. and all of that, with so many different things moving, would be very difficult. But this is why, as I said, for our guidance, we assume that things are the way they are right now rather than predicting any up or down. So we have to wait and see. Sorry about that. I can't be more specific, though.

Sure, Chris. Yes, I can give you that. I mean right now, if you look at all of Asia, we are at around 77%, 78%. Europe is, depending on which country you are, it goes somewhere from as high as maybe 81%, 82% in U.K. to as low as 72%, 73% in certain parts of Europe. And in the U.S., we are at around 77%, 78%.

Well, Chris, thank you very much. Obviously, in China, everybody is obviously -- when they talk to you, nobody wants to be pessimistic. Everybody wants to be optimistic. So it's very difficult based on the input that you get talking to different people to make an estimate of what the real economy will do. I do not expect a significant change up or down, I think it will be steady. But who knows what's going to happen? 
But right now, it's -- my best estimate is exactly what we have put in our -- for our guidance is that things will stay the way they are currently in terms of utilization and in terms of the GDP growth. Okay?

Sure. In terms of the Canadian operation, the increase was a little bit of changes in scope and also with respect to once we got finalized with our customer about what they wanted. The return on that project is still very good because we adjusted the prices to compensate for that. So I don't expect any downside on that. And actually, we'll have some more to say about that project in the next few weeks.
With respect to the electronic projects, I can't say more than what we have disclosed because we are under confidentiality agreement with the customers. And the customers don't want us to talk about the project because they don't want anybody to know where it is and what they are doing. But you have the details. It's the $900 million in Taiwan for the very big semiconductor manufacturer, so you can almost guess what that is, and the other one is for some other people. So I can't give you any more -- be any more specific than what we have already been because of the restrictions by our customers, if you don't mind.

Well, the reason we mentioned it is that because they did affect our operations because it caused -- most of these lockdowns affect our distribution costs. And sometimes it causes some of the plants to have to shut down. So the reason we mentioned it is because they did have an effect on our operations, yes.

Well, our debt is in form of bonds. It's not a -- most of our debt -- we have approximately $7.5 billion, $8 billion of debt. Most of it is corporate bonds, which is -- where the interest rates are fixed. And we will pay them down based on the schedule that we have in the bond payments. And we disclose those, so you can see when you're supposed to pay down significant amounts of our debt. Okay?

They are working on it, and they are -- they have the trucks under development, and we are looking forward on receiving the trucks. I think they are a little bit delayed in terms of the schedule that they have promised us, but we are -- we continue working with them. And I have to say that we also are working with other people, too. It's not just Cummins.

Well, the cost is very much location-dependent in terms of how much work do you have to do, in terms of greenfield site, existing sites, what are the things that you have to do in order to get a real project going. But I don't expect the cost of building green hydrogen projects to significantly come down. There is no reason for that. We have inflation. And this thing about the fact that cost of electrolyzers will go down is a myth, number one; and number two, the electrolyzers are not a significant part of the cost of building the green hydrogen facility. So that is just something promoted by somebody, I don't know who. But in the real world, the cost of building a plant 2 years from now or 5 years from now or 3 years from now will be higher because of inflation. So the sooner you build these things, the better it is. That okay? Sure. Thank you.

Okay. I will have Melissa answer the first question that you had. And the second question that you had with respect to the project in Louisiana, we are looking based on the Investment Reduction Act (sic) [ Inflation Reduction Act ] about the scope of that project. And we might actually change the scope and increase the scope, and as a result, increase the capital cost for that project. So that all depends on what we conclude in terms of what is the best options for us to take advantage of the legislation. So yes, it is possible that we would, say, a year from now, 2 years from now, that we have increased the scope of that project and we will spend, I don't know, $5 billion or $6 billion on that project, depending on what we decide to do.
So now Melissa, would you like to answer the first question, please?

Thank you very much. I would just like to thank everybody for listening to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. As I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy, and all the very best. Thank you very much. And also thank you very much for the very good questions, we appreciate it. Have a great day. Thank you.