Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. We do appreciate your interest in Air Products.
The talented, motivated and committed team at Air Products delivered yet another excellent set of safety and financial results in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018.
Our adjusted earning per share of $1.71 were up 20% versus last year. This is the 16th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year EPS growth, and the fourth consecutive quarter we have delivered EPS growth of more than 15%. We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, with EBITDA margins over 34% for the quarter. And most importantly, we have a great team of focused and committed people at Air Products who work hard every day to serve our customers and create value for our shareholders.
Now please turn to Slide #3. We continue to improve our safety results, with a reduction of 71% in our lost time injury rate and a reduction of 57% in our recordable injury rate. These results can only happen when all of our 15,000 employees around the world are totally focused on safety and continuous improvement. This same commitment to operational excellence is what is driving our strong financial performance.
Now please turn to Slide #4, which is our goal for the company: To be the most -- the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers.
Now please turn to Slide #5, our overall management philosophy that we have talked to you about many times in the last 4 years. We continue to be focused on shareholder value, cash generation, capital allocation, and an empowered and decentralized organization.
On Slide #6, you can see our 5-point plan, which has been the road map to our success over the last 4 years.
Now please turn to Slide #7. We have delivered on the promises we made over the -- more than the -- the promises that we made to you over 3 years ago. We have become the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world. We have delivered -- we have divested our non-core assets and created the best balance sheet in the industry. And we have delivered greater than 10% per year earning per share growth in each of the last 2 years, with our guidance for this year implying yet another year of over 10% growth.
In summary, we have delivered what we have promised. And as a result, we now have the balance sheet and are well-positioned to grow Air Products as we move forward. We continue to see great opportunities in the 3 areas that I have talked to you about previously. To mention them again: First, acquisitions of small and medium-sized industrial gas companies or assets or businesses from other industrial gas companies; second, the opportunity to purchase existing industrial gas facilities from our customers where we own and operate the plant and sell industrial gases to the customer based on a fixed fee under a long-term contract. This is what we call asset buybacks, and we see opportunities for oxygen, hydrogen and syngas plants around the world in this category. And the third area of opportunity is very large industrial gas projects around the world, driven by demand for more energy, environmental requirements and emerging market growth.
Now please turn to Slide #8, where I would like to provide an update on one of our exciting projects, that is a great example of the growth opportunities I just talked about. We announced the $1.3 billion Lu'An syngas joint venture in September of last year. As a reminder, the joint venture will be 60% owned and majority controlled by Air Products. Lu'An provides coal, steam and power to the joint venture, and the joint venture will supply syngas to Lu'An. The joint venture will be paid a fixed fee by Lu'An under a long-term contract. Our team has been working closely with Lu'An and the many government agencies in China to get final approval so that we can formally close the transaction. We had indicated before that we expected this to be done by this summer. I am very pleased to announce today that due to the outstanding efforts of Air Products' team and the efficient and cooperative support of government entities in China, we formally closed this transaction just a few hours ago. I'd like to repeat that since this is not in our press release because it happened just a few hours ago: We now are formally closed on the transaction with Lu'An, and the owned -- the facilities.
Now that the transaction is closed, we will begin receiving our monthly fee from Lu'An based on the gradual start-up of the facility. That is why we have included a modest contribution of about $0.04 in our updated 2018 full year EPS guidance, as well as including approximately 400 -- $500 million in our CapEx guidance. I would like to confirm that we expect this transaction to contribute about $0.25 to our earning per share for full 2019.
This project is a perfect fit with our strategy and a great example of the investment opportunities in our core Industrial Gases business. It is an asset buyback of an expanded scope project under the onsite business model.
Now please go to Slide #9, which shows you the results of our 3 key metrics for the quarter and the year. We remain committed to our goal to be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world, as measured by each of these 3 metrics.
Finally, please turn to Slide #10, which obviously continues to be my favorite slide. It's great to see sustainable margins in the mid-30s range. The chart also reminds us how far we have come in only a few years.
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon to make some closing remarks, and then we will be pleased to answer your questions. Scott?

Thank you, again, Simon. Let me take a few moment to talk about Air Products' exciting future. Our team around the world feels very proud of what we have achieved in the last few years. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide us the opportunity to build on our success. As I said before, we now have the balance sheet and organization to aggressively pursue growth. We remain very optimistic about Air Products' future. While we cannot predict or control worldwide political or economic developments, we do have control over the operational performance and growth of Air Products. And we are confident that we will continue to deliver to our -- on our commitments.
As Scott discussed, our very strong balance sheet and cash flow provide us the capacity to invest at least $13 billion over the next 5 years. I continue to believe that we will be able to develop, win and execute projects in our core industrial gas business so that we can deploy all of this capital in the next 5 years. We continue to see great opportunities in mergers and acquisitions, asset buybacks and large new projects, as well as significant number of more typical industrial gas projects.
Now please turn to Slide #20. We are all working very hard every day to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers.
Continuing our positive momentum, we have again increased our guidance for the year to a range of $7.25 to $7.40 per share. At midpoint, this is up $0.08 from the guidance we gave you last quarter, in part due to the closing of the Lu'An project. Our new guidance represents 15% to 17% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to grow EPS by at least 10% each year in the foreseeable future.
For quarter 3 of fiscal year 2018, our earning per share guidance is $1.80 to $1.85, up 9% to 12% over last year.
Including the Lu'An project, we now expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion in fiscal year 2018.
Now please turn to Slide #21, where I want to point out, as I have done before, that we believe our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to generate the superior safety and operational performance that you can see today.
I want to thank all of our 15,000 people around the world for their total commitment and hard work, and I'm very proud to be part of this winning team.
Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Scott, would you like to...?

Don, this is Seifi, if I may add, we do see positive momentum in volumes. And obviously, if there is positive momentum on volumes, pricing will follow. So we are actually more bullish than we have been before.

Well, the competitive environment hasn't changed that much. Our major competitors are all very strong, and they compete with us on every project, and the customers make sure that they get competitive bids. But as you know, we have a return expectation on these projects, which we have disclosed very publicly, at least 10% internal rate of return. And if because of the competitive pressure, the returns are below that, we just don't take the projects. So that's our guiding principle, whether there is competition or not. We obviously have had a lot of good projects at significantly higher than that. But that is our threshold. And if another one of our competitors wants to take a project for lower return, then they get it.

John, I cannot comment on that, please.

We have been working on this thing for a while. It's a matter of the consolidation of some of the subsidiaries that when you consolidate it, you get a tax benefit, and that is what the number is.

We will continue to have those kind of costs, because -- I mean, it is a fact that we are working on a significant number of projects. And as you know, the current rules are -- in the old times, when you were working on these projects, out of your legal cost and your people cost and so on, you used to charge them to the project. Now you can't do that, you expense it. So if we are going to deploy $13 billion, we need to do -- to bid on a lot of projects, and we are bidding on those, and we are expecting the cost. So that is a natural thing that is going to be with us as we win these projects.

Corning is kind of in charge of our business in Mexico. He will make a comment. Corning?

We continue to make progress. That is a huge project and it involves a lot of different entities. I don't want to put a time line on it because from a negotiating point of view, we don't want to sound too anxious. But we are working on it, and it is moving forward there, Duffy.

Well, there are several benefits. One is, obviously, operational efficiency and all of that, that you mentioned. But the fundamental driver is that when we were just supplying the oxygen, we had deployed $300 million of our business at a return. Now we are deploying $800 million of our business, at the same kind of return or even higher. So that means that this is an opportunity for us to create growth so that we can invest more capital at the kind of returns we are talking about. So I mean, everybody gets excited about GDP going up 2% and creates growth. But like this, we are creating growth despite GDP, gives us opportunities to significantly deploy additional amount of capital.

Well, of course, because look at our EBITDA margin. We have gone from 23%, 24% to 34%. That is almost $700 million, $800 million of improvement. Obviously, that has come up through the fact that the company is running better and is much more efficient, yes. I think that is one of the reason -- I mean, safety is a moral responsibility. We don't want anybody to get hurt. But a company who has a good safety record at the levels that we are achieving, definitely has excellent operational efficiency.

Corning can comment on that.

Jim, we've always said that crude oil prices doesn't affect our business that much, because we are not very involved in the upstream side of the oil business. So that's not going to be material to us.

I'm sorry, Chris, the connection is not that great. So I didn't fully understand you. Simon, can you help me out?

Yes, sorry, Chris, I didn't hear you on the phone that I am on. Chris, we are making...

No, no, no problem at all. Not your fault. We are making excellent project on Jazan. We are ahead of schedule. We are close to 90% done with the project. And we fully expect that to come onstream at the time that we expected. So we are -- it's a very positive story for us. It has demonstrated to our very, very important customer, Aramco, that Air Products can deliver, and Air Products is capable of executing a $2 billion project in the middle of the desert. So it's a very good story for us, and it's a great achievement for our people. So we are all very proud of that.

Absolutely, Chris. In -- on a very macro basis, we always say energy, environment and emerging markets. But particular sectors, we are very focused on the oil and gas sector, obviously, in the downstream side, especially chemicals, and also coal gasification. Those are the areas that we are very focused, and there are significant amount of projects, as you know. A lot of the major oil companies are switching from just providing crude to going downstream. You see a major shift in what Aramco is doing. There is a shift because of the cheap natural gas in the U.S. And there is, obviously, the coal gasification in China, and there are significant large projects in emerging markets. So as I said, energy, environmental requirements and emerging markets, that's what we are focused on. And we obviously like the onsite business.

David, pricing, we are selling in LOX and LIN and LAR, basically, we are selling a commodity. Pricing is subject to supply, demand and utilization of our facilities. Industrial production in the United States in the last year, 2 years, is up around 4%. And we've always said that if you see industrial production go up, utilization rates going up, then pricing will follow. So that's just the natural course of it. And we seem to be in that cycle right now. And if you see the results of everybody else, it points to that direction. It's just overall industrial production activity.

Quantifying it would be difficult because then we give too much information very competitively. But the fact is, as Corning mentioned, a lot of these plants that are undergoing so-called turnaround are very old plants that we have won contracts 20 years ago. The good news is that all of these contracts have been renewed, and therefore, this is a little bit of a life extension. Some of that we report in maintenance CapEx and some of that is on ordinary maintenance expenditure that goes to our bottom line. It's a positive development, that isn't a negative development.

To answer your question, Vincent, when we say 10%, 10% is the minimum. We have won a lot of projects higher than that rate. So whenever we are bidding on a project, we obviously -- we do not price things on a cost basis. We price things based on the competitive nature and quite honestly, what the market bears. So we have had projects which have been 15%, 16%. And the 10% that we keep mentioning is -- that is our kind of bottom line, that below that, we don't take projects.

Scott, you want to mention this?

No, we do run into them. They have their ambitions of their own and in a lot of the projects that we've done, they have been there. They have relationship s with these customers. So it's not as if we have a totally open field. And a lot of times, our customers don't share with us exactly whom they are talking to. But we operate on the basis that on every project that we do, they are there. And our competitors are very smart people, they see this thing as an opportunity, and they are active.

Right now, the highest incremental margin that we have is actually the United States for the total business, which is around 42%. But as we move forward, we think the highest growth area for us will be emerging markets. It will be China. It will be Middle East. It will be places like, I mean, Russia and places like that. Those are the markets where there are significant growth opportunities in terms of the actual sales dollars. But in terms of margins, currently, our highest margin region is the United States.

For us, that is not an issue, Kevin. You know our business very well. Our business is very, very local. And the logistics would apply if you have a extensive packaged gases business, which we don't. So for us, that is not an issue, Kevin.

There is no impact on us. You can rely on historical factors. And beside that, the more pressure environmentally, the better it is for us for the long term, because then coal gasification becomes even more pronounced.

Bob, we did -- we are raising our -- by 8% our guidance. So we were at $7.15 to $7.35. Now we are at $7.25 to $7.40. So we have increased the bottom of our estimates by at least $0.10. So we -- as we go forward, obviously, it's very difficult to predict exactly what the economy does. We are seeing a positive momentum, and obviously, at the end of next quarter, if things are positive, we will increase our guidance. But at this time, we thought it's prudent to stay where we are, but we have given you all of the elements. But you can make your judgment about where we are conservative and when we are not.

Well, obviously, I would like it to be better. But we have, as Scott mentioned, Corning mentioned, some of the costs that we have in terms of some of the turnaround costs and some of the costs for pursuing other projects and all of that. And the fact is that we did have some one-offs that helped us last year that do not exist this year. So if you really take the one-offs off, we are up, and we are -- I, obviously, go through the details of this thing. For every dollar of -- incremental dollar of sale, we are getting $0.40 to the bottom line. So I'm not worried about the fact that we are losing margins and so on. But when you put all of that for a big company like us in aggregate, the result is what you see.

Scott is most qualified to answer that. And then if there is anything, I will make a comment.

One other thing that I would like to add, Jeff, is that the return on capital, the way you calculate it, if you're comparing us to others, since we have a lot of cash, we are showing a -- that decreases. If you actually -- if we calculate our return on capital the way other people are calculating it, our return on capital is about 15%. So there is that subtle thing also.

We do not take any ownership of the raw material.

Yes.

No, it's not a start-up headwind, Mike. It is there are 4 gasifiers, my friend. And we get paid the monthly fee based on these gasifiers coming onstream. So obviously, we are not starting all of the 4 gasifiers at the same time. So when the first gasifier comes onstream, we get a certain amount. The second, the third and the fourth. And we expect to have all of the 4 gasifiers onstream by 2019, which is in October, and then we will get what we will get on an annual basis.

We have not seen, and we are not expecting any substantial increase there. Therefore, we have said that we don't really expect that business to come out of the doldrums until 2020. But if it comes sooner, that would be a positive. But I don't expect it.

We don't disclose that specifically. But I have said that we expect 2019, that we increase our EPS by at least 10%. So some of that will come from those. But if you don't mind, we don't want to disclose the specific contribution from new projects, because then it makes it very easy for people to calculate exactly what our returns are, and we don't want to do that.

Well, that market is growing very fast right now. I think this year, if you add up, we probably have contributed more than $300 million of new projects in there. And what will happen next year depends on the new fabs that people build and all of that. But I'll let Corning to make a little bit more comment on this.

Yes, and I would like to add that we are very, very well-positioned, by the way, on that one, with the customer and all that.

No, no, no. Sorry to interrupt you. That is not the case. The reason that we are getting the fee is we are getting the fee right now for the start-up. Once we get -- we have all of the 4 gasifiers running, then in 2020, if because of the customer demand, only 2 gasifiers are needed to run, we still get our full BFC. So the model is exactly the same. It's just during the start-up period.

I think I don't want to confirm or not confirm the exact numbers that you quoted. But we do see the positive effects of the FX. We do see the positive effect of Lu'An coming onstream right now. But as we have been saying, we do see higher maintenance cost because of the turnaround of some of the hydrogen facilities, and we do see higher cost in terms of pursuing other opportunities. I mean, like Yingde last year costed us 50 -- $5 million that we had to absorb in our results. So those are the 2 principal reasons that we haven't increased our guidance by more than $0.10.

Very good. Well, in that case then, I would like to thank everybody again for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your very, very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your interest and look forward to discuss our results with you again next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you very much.