Thank you, Simon, and good day to everyone. Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. I am proud to say that despite significant challenges, including unprecedented energy cost increases, and I mean unprecedented, especially in Europe, supply chain disruptions and the continued adverse effects caused by the pandemic, the talented, committed and motivated people of Air Products continued to deliver excellent results, including earnings per share this quarter in the top half of our guidance range.
This quarter, we closed on Phase 1 of the Jazan project, which is the single largest project in our company's history and will create significant value for many years to come. As always, I want to thank our more than 20,000 employees around the globe for standing together, working hard, staying agile and delivering for our customers and shareholders.
Let me start this presentation with our highest priority, which is obviously safety. Please take a look at Slide #3. Although we have made significant progress in this area since fiscal year 2014, our first quarter safety performance was slightly behind last year. That is not acceptable. Our goal remains 0 accidents and 0 incidents. And we are committed to drive towards that goal across the organization, knowing that the right attitude and constant attention to safety is absolutely necessary and required.
Slides #4, 5 and 6 include our goal, our management philosophy and our Five-Point Plan. We have shared these slides with you before, so I'm not going to go through the details. But these are the principles that we follow every day, and they will guide us in the future.
Now please turn to Slide #7. We are focused on making Air Products a leader in providing solutions to today's significant energy and environmental challenges through gasification, carbon capture and clean hydrogen. I am proud to say that we have continued to create and win projects that help customers and countries meet their growing needs for cleaner energy and environmental solutions.
Last year, we announced 2 landmark blue hydrogen projects, one in Alberta, Canada and the other in Louisiana, United States of America, adding to our slate of broadscale megaprojects supporting the energy transition. At the beginning of our fiscal year, this fiscal year, we successfully closed on Phase 1 of the $12 billion Jazan gasification and power project, fulfilling one of our major commitments.
We continue to expect Phase 1 of this project to contribute $0.80 to $0.85 per share on a full year basis, consistent with what we have committed to you before. We also continue to make great progress on this -- our significant project backlog.
Now please turn to Slide #8. Creating a cleaner future requires experience, investment and innovation on a broader scale. At Air Products, we have the technology, the track record, the capital and the ambition to execute our bold strategy in bringing people around the world together to collaborate in an inclusive environment and help solve sustainability challenges. We are living our higher purpose as a company. That is our higher purpose.
Now please turn to Slide #9. It is clear that at Air Products, sustainability is our growth strategy. Sustainability creates our broad opportunities, and our growth opportunities support our sustainability goals and focus.
We are very proud to help drive the energy transition, in particular through our world-scale hydrogen megalo-projects. Our NEOM project in Saudi Arabia, Alberta project in Canada and Louisiana project in the United States of America represent almost $10 billion of direct Air Products capital to create zero- and low-carbon hydrogen needed to drive decarbonization and accelerate the energy transition. These projects will significantly reduce CO2 equivalent emissions for our customers, for Air Products itself and for the world.
As a first mover taking real action through these real projects, we can bring a portfolio of experiences and technologies together to provide lower carbon forms of energy, improve our customers' sustainability and help solve significant energy and environmental challenges. As I said, this is our higher purpose as a company.
In addition, it is important that our commitments are aligned with our strategy. We introduced our Third by '30 carbon intensity reduction goal more than a year ago. And I'm very proud to say that the major projects we have announced, along with our day-to-day focus on operational efficiency, puts us in a great position to meet or exceed this goal by 2030.
But as a company, we are never satisfied with our current performance. Therefore, we are taking another look at our opportunities to make even more meaningful progress towards higher environmental growth. Under the purview of our Sustainability Leadership Council, we are reviewing additional areas of opportunity, which could include a Scope 3 emissions goal, the benefits of avoided emissions and/or other potential scenarios. I expect to share more with you on these exciting topics by midyear.
Now please turn to Slide #10, which shows our EPS growth. While we focus on our strong long-term prospects, we remain vigilant and motivated to deliver excellent near-term results, consistent with our strategy and what we have already promised to investors. As you can see, we have delivered on what we promised you in 2014 and achieved an 11% annual cumulative EPS growth on average since 2014 while building a strong foundation for our future growth.
The excellent results and key projects we have executed represent the initial stages of our strategy to advance the world toward a cleaner energy future. I am very optimistic about our company's prospects to capitalize on these growing opportunities by being a meaningful player in the energy transition.
Now please turn to Slide #11. As a reminder, we do share our earnings growth directly with our customers through our dividend, while we continue to invest in growth opportunities. The whole team at Air Products is very proud that we just announced our 40th consecutive year of dividend increase. This tremendous long-term record is a testament to our people and our strength and consistency of our business model.
The most recent increase is 8%, which increases our dividend to $1.62 per share per quarter, which we expect to -- will translate to directly returning more than $1.4 billion to our shareholders in 2022. And as Melissa Schaeffer, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will share with you in a moment, we have significant remaining cash flow to support our many project opportunities.
And finally, please turn to Slide #12, still my favorite slide since it captures in one chart the progression of our business since 2014. We continue to deliver strong underlying results, but our margin declined in recent quarters primarily driven by higher energy pass-through, which increases our sales but doesn't impact profit.
2/3 of the margin decline from our peak is due to the impact of this higher energy pass-through. But as I indicated last quarter, we are continuing to take action to improve our margins through controlling costs and increasing prices to cover cost increases.
Now I'm happy to turn the call over to Melissa to discuss our results in more detail. Melissa?

Thank you, Melissa. Now please turn to Slide #18 for our Asia results. Sales were up 9% compared to last year. Volumes grew 4% due to strong on-site volume as a variety of the small- to medium-sized new plants came onstream across the region.
The Lu'An facility continues to operate at full capacity under the interim supply agreement. We continue to recognize that reduced fee in quarter 1, consistent with this interim supply agreement. We expect this to continue through fiscal year 2022 before returning to the full fee in 2023.
We saw the best price performance for Asia in nearly 2 years. The 3% overall price increase improvement for the region equals to about 8% price increase for our merchant business. Our team has implemented price action in response to higher power costs and general inflation.
China's government has also relaxed its power tariff program to allow local power costs to fluctuate. This market-oriented approach may result in more variability in our power costs going forward. We are monitoring this situation very closely.
In addition, China's effort to reduce energy usage and intensity through its dual control policy continue to impact customer demand and caused isolated disruptions of our plants. This had a very modest negative impact on our plant efficiency and supply chain costs. This impact was more prominent earlier in the quarter and seem to ease in December.
Costs were also unfavorable due to resources that we needed to add to support our new project start-ups in the region and were higher without the COVID-related government incentives that we received last year. EBITDA was up 2% as better volumes, price and currencies more than offset higher costs. Sequentially, sales and profits were up as strong price more than offset higher costs.
Now I would like to turn the call over to Simon to talk about our European results. Simon?

Thank you very much, Dr. Serhan. During my nearly 5 decades in business, I have learned that the world changes all the time, sometimes in very unpredictable ways as we have seen in the past several years. Therefore, for an organization, the ability to anticipate, plan and react to change with speed and resiliency is key to success.
I have also learned that all challenges can be addressed by staying focused and united and calm and by working towards a common goal. That is why I'm proud that despite the continuing adverse effects of the pandemic, the rising costs, inflation, supply chain disruptions and all of the challenges facing us, our people at Air Products have done just what we expected them to do. That is, they have adapted to the change and are acting accordingly. This is why we delivered strong results despite all of these challenges.
Our volume, price and profits all grew this quarter versus last year even as we have stayed the course and added resources to support our opportunities and world-scale projects for the cleaner energy future. I truly believe that our company has become even stronger in the past 2 years and fully expect to deliver significant earnings growth as the economies around the world normalize and our new projects come onstream.
Now please turn to Slide #24. As I said, I remain highly confident of Air Products' resilient business model, our strategy and our execution. However, I do have some concerns on the economic backdrop driven by continued COVID challenge, the impact of supply chain constraints, inflation, energy costs and geopolitical tensions.
Therefore, for quarter 2 of fiscal year 2022, our earnings per share guidance is $2.30 to $2.40, up $0.11 (sic) [ 11% ] to $0.15 (sic) [ 15% ] over last year. For fiscal year 2022, our earnings per share guidance remains unchanged at $10.20 to $10.40, which is 13% to 15% better than last year. We continue to see our capital expenditure in 2022 to be around $4.5 billion to $5 billion, including the approximately $1.5 billion for Phase 1 of the Jazan project.
Now please turn to Slide #25. The opportunities created by the energy transition are immense. That is why through our mega projects in gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen, we are acting as a first mover. We are taking real action through real world-scale investments in projects that address significant energy and environmental challenges.
We have the portfolio of experiences and technologies that we can bring together in an optimal configuration for a project. Working with customers and countries around the world, we will deliver low carbon forms of energy and improve their sustainability.
In addition to investment and technology, we know that as always, the real enablers of this transition are the people who work alongside our customers and bring our opportunities and projects to life. At Air Products, we have consciously increased our talent and resources to take on these urgent challenges, adding over 3,000 people over the past 2 years.
As we drive toward a clean energy world, we need talented people to help us accelerate the progress. We are continuing to build a diverse and inclusive culture that our people feel they belong and know that their contribution matters. As I always say, our long-term competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of our people. I know that through their hard work and contribution, we will continue to succeed.
Now we are pleased to answer your questions. Operator?

Well, P.J., thank you for the question. The NEOM project with respect to the downstream side, obviously, we are working in developing the infrastructure needed to bring in the green ammonia, crack it and then sell it to our customers. So those projects are underway.
In terms of any contract signing and all of that, we have said from the beginning 2 years ago that we are going to be very cautious about saying anything about that because that is an issue of competitive advantage. And we certainly don't want to give all of our secrets away.
With respect to the question that you asked about energy costs, obviously, the significant fluctuation in energy costs and especially them going up is going to make it more competitive for the green and clean products. So from that point of view, the level of interest in green hydrogen and blue hydrogen has significantly increased around the world.

Melissa will address that, but that's a very, very complicated transaction and I'm not sure she can -- she will be able to answer all of your details of your question on the call. We can always have another call with you on the side to give you the details. But I'll turn it over to Melissa to say what she can at -- on this call. Go ahead, Melissa.

Sure. It's actually pretty straightforward. What happens is that we anticipate energy cost increases and the announced price increases. But energy prices have been going up significantly higher than our anticipation. Therefore, we need to take a delayed action to increase prices to recover what has happened in the past. That is why there will be a delay in recovering the cost.
We will take the action. But obviously, from the time we take the action and invoice the customer until we get the money and all of that, there is a delayed action. But fundamentally, we can't increase prices every day. We do that every quarter.
And what we anticipated for the first quarter of this year was significantly lower than what actually happened. So now we have increased prices starting January 1, and we will increase prices starting April 1 and as we go with different customers, and that is why there is a lag.

Well, the merchant business, a lot of it is not contract. The pass-through, which is per contract, is for our on-site business. That is pass-through. That hasn't affected our results, and all of those pass-throughs have happened. That is why our results on our on-sites are very good.
On the merchant side, which in Europe is approximately 60% of our business, that is where we execute price increases. And over there, most of the contracts do not have kind of official pass-through, it's a merchant business. Yes, sir?

That is an excellent question. At this point in time, we are doing carbon capture in order to produce green -- I mean, blue hydrogen specifically. So I don't see us branching into that. But if that becomes a very attractive sector and we have the technology, we take a look at it. But right now, we are doing carbon capture, those projects, in conjunction with producing blue hydrogen.

Jeff, the thing is that everything obviously depends on your view of the world and in terms of what will happen. Look at this quarter, we had high expectations for this quarter, but then COVID came in and Europe got shut down. And energy prices went up significantly higher.
I am not shy to say that I am very concerned about some of the geopolitical tensions, what would be the implications of that for energy prices. Heavens forbid, if anything happens with Ukraine and so on, what would that do to Europe energy.
So as a result, we are trying to be balanced and give people projections that we realistically believe we can meet. Now you can say we are conservative, but we might not be. But we didn't see any reason at this point in time, considering what has happened in the first quarter, to change our guidance. Now if next quarter, things change, we will obviously share any thoughts that we have with you.

Okay. Jeff, I'll answer your first question, and Melissa will answer your second question. The thing is that, that corporate sector, obviously, from my point of view, I'd like to see the number to be basically an EBITDA thing to be balanced. That means that we make enough money on the other parts of the business in order to balance our corporate overhead. That's our goal.
But obviously, because it is -- some of it is sale of equipment, it goes up and down quarter-by-quarter. But overall, we would like to see that number to be just flat. Basically, we don't make money, we don't lose money. So with respect to your second question, Melissa, would you like to address that, please?

With respect to the question that you're asking, you always get it right. That is exactly what we're trying to do. That means that we are increasing the prices. And then hopefully, as energy costs goes down, we expect to keep some of those prices because -- to make up for the fact that we didn't get enough of it in the previous quarters.
So you're right. If energy prices go down, if they go down, then we will have an upside. But that's a big if, John. But that is exactly right. You have it -- you are thinking about it exactly the way we are trying to execute.

Well, John, that is an excellent question. First of all, in my comments, you're very smart, you read through it, I was saying I look at the projects that we are doing, we think we can meet that target and exceed it. And therefore, we are going to give you an update by midyear. So you're right. I mean we are doing a lot of good projects, and that would help us.
With respect to your second question, it depends on how the contracts are structured, John, because countries will come to us, have come to us and said, "I want you to do this project. It's coal gasification, and you are not responsible for the CO2. I give you the raw material, and you give me the product. You are just the toller, and the CO2 is my responsibility." If people are willing to do it like that, as they have been, then we do the project because then we are not adding any CO2 to the world, somebody else is doing that. You see what I mean?
But if it turns out that we are doing a project where the CO2 is our responsibility, then we would think twice about doing it, John, because we are about reducing CO2 in the world, not adding to it.
But there are circumstances that the customers, a country comes to us and said, "Look, I don't want to take the coal and make methanol out of it. And I'll take the responsibility for the CO2." Okay, John? Makes sense?

But the thing is that I gave you an update on Lu'An, that the project is -- the plant is operating at full scale and all of that. And we had consciously given a break for the -- to the customer for 2 years for a lot of good reasons. And now we expect that to be going back to normal at the October of 2022.
The other projects are being executed on plan. We don't expect any major issues with those. So up to now, we are -- we don't have any significant disruption that we need to talk about.

Well, we have decided not to talk about those projects, and there are a lot of them, as you alluded to, until we sign a final contract. So we don't want to announce MOUs or we don't want to announce every time that I have a video conference with a minister or anything like that.
So those -- the opportunities are there. And when those contracts get to the stage that they are definitive contracts, then we will obviously announce them. But those projects are there. We haven't seen any slowdown, but they are delayed because of COVID in terms of getting to the final stage of a contract. But I expect that they will.

Yes. David, I'm very glad that you asked the question. When we say the delay, please, it is not as if we are delayed in price increases. We are following -- let's say, here is the month of -- end of April, right? And our team gets together and say, "We anticipate that prices in June, July and August, the price of energy will go up 10%." Therefore, we announce a 10% increase on prices on June 1, right?
If the price during that quarter of June, July and August goes up 20%, then we have fallen behind. Then in the month -- the next quarter, now we need to raise the prices 30% to catch up again. But then the energy prices -- so what our issue in Europe has been that every time we anticipate price increases, the actual price increases goes way beyond that. There was no way that we would have predicted, no way, that natural gas prices in Europe will go up 6x. There was no way that we would have predicted that the electricity cost in Europe will get to $0.20 a hundred -- $0.20 a kilowatt.
So that is the delay. It is not as if we are delayed in action. It is the fact that our anticipation of price increases were lower because we thought it was pretty robust, but the real world got ahead of us. That is why we are lagging behind.
We think that we will see a significant improvement in the performance of our business in Europe in the quarter we are in. I fully expect that. But who knows what happens with the energy price?
That is our inability. That is where we are falling short, in terms of ability to predict energy prices. But nobody could do that because they have been so unprecedented that if at the beginning of last year, you would have told somebody that electricity costs for Air Products will go from a few cents a hundred to $0.20, we would have thought that was unreasonable. But that's the way it has worked out. I hope I made myself clear, David, rather than doing a lot of talking [indiscernible].

Very good question. The thing is that there is a list of about 30 items in there, and we can go through that with you off-line in terms of some of that. Some of that has got to do with the fact that we had some one-off benefits last year.
So when you compare this year to last year, those numbers look as if the costs have gone up significantly. But there is no question that the -- our underlying costs are higher because of all of the money that we are spending in the development of the projects that -- the megaprojects.
I mean each one of these projects takes $5 million, $10 million to develop. As I said before, we have added 3,000 people to our organization in order to deal with that. Now as some of these projects become investment projects and approved by our Board, then some of these costs will go into capital rather than just being charged to the bottom line. But while that is going on, they are charged to the bottom line. They are ongoing costs.
So I don't expect the number to be as big as it is this quarter. But underlying, we probably have $20 million, $30 million a year of additional cost because of what we are doing with the megaprojects.

Well, again, thank you for the question, Kevin. I mean we thought 8% is pretty robust. You're saying that your dividend is not growing as much as your EPS. But we obviously want to have some cash for growth.
But there is another measure that we have talked about. This is not how we decide on dividend. We have a lot of factors into that. But overall, we have always said that we want the dividend to be something between 2% to 2.5% of the stock price in terms of our dividend yield.
So if you take $1.62 times 4 and divide it by the stock price, we are at around 2.3%, 2.4%. So that's another measure. But as I said, that's not the only way that we decide on EPS. There's a lot of factors in terms of cash flow and all of that. But that's -- and besides that, we are way ahead of everybody else in our sector in terms of dividend. So we didn't want to overdo it, Kevin.

I don't think so, John. I mean at the end of the day, this is all a function of the competitive environment and the utilization of your facilities. In China, right now, our utilization of our merchant facilities is at -- in mid-80s. So at mid-80s, if power costs go up, I think we will have the ability to pass that through.

Well, there is a lot of reason because we have a lot more people. We have 3,000 more people that we need to -- people say that, okay, you need to provide for these people and so on. But we don't have too many defined pension plans.
But I'd like to see if Melissa has anything else to add to that. This is a function of actuaries doing all the numbers, how long people are going to live and all of that. You know all of that. But Melissa, do you have anything else to add?

Well, on -- for that to materialize, we need to get COVID to go away so that the economic activity goes up. And then usually, inflationary environment is a good thing for industrial gases, usually but not always. But we think that if the inflationary environment continues and we are able to increase prices and then if the cycle turns and we keep some of those price increases, that might be a positive. It's very difficult to quantify that right now.

Yes. That's most of it, yes.

Mike, in my comments, I tried to shed some light into that by saying that, first of all, the impact -- there was an impact, but it was not material in the first quarter. The impact was a lot more in the month of October than it turned out to be in the month of November and December. And it seems that the harshness with which the government was trying to implement that back in September, October has subsided a little bit. And as a result, we don't expect any material effect of that on our results in the next quarter.

Well, first of all, when we did some of these projects, we obviously have made provisions for possible inflation and all that. But at the end of the day, it is a fact that some of the costs are going up.
In terms of how much of it we can pass on to the on-site customer and so on is very much dependent on the details of the contract that we have negotiated with the specific customers. So I cannot make a general statement. But overall, there is pressure on us to be very diligent to make sure that we stay on top of the cost for our projects and all of that and make sure that they don't eat into our returns, as you alluded to.

Well, I -- to some extent, you can calculate it in the sense that for the first quarter, you have 2 months of Jazan. So for the next quarter, you have 3 months of Jazan. And most of that cost is Jazan. So you can kind of triangulate that approximately to come up with that number you are looking for.

I expect that number to be pretty stable because it's basically a facility fee. And I don't expect that to change significantly, and our maintenance cost shouldn't change that significantly.

We will try for sure.

I have no idea because it depends on what gets allocated, how much of that will be for hydrogen, where the locations will be, what would be the criteria. I mean we are -- these projects, as you know, there's sometimes a lot of strings attached that some of it might not be acceptable to us and all of that.
So it is very, very difficult to project at this stage because they have just started. We obviously are engaged with the Department of Energy because we have some real hydrogen projects. It's not theoretical. But I have really no visibility into what that number could be or should be.

Something in the order of magnitude of about 5%, something like that. Dr. Serhan, do you want to add to that?

Sure. I mean there is 2 pipelines. Obviously, we go through all of this thing before we give you guidance. And because of what you said, that's why we didn't change our guidance for the year.
But number one, you know the results for the first quarter. We have given you guidance for the second quarter. So you can add it up, and you get to what we expect to make in the first half. Usually, from a seasonality point of view, approximately if you take all of the years, we make about 47%, 48% of our profit during the first half and 52% to 53% of it during the second half. So that is the seasonality kind of a thing that you can take a look at.
And then the other thing is that we do expect that we will get ahead of this energy cost in Europe a little bit and therefore, recover some of that. And therefore, the performance of our European sector will be better. When you look at this quarter, actually, the performance of our business in Asia and in the United States were very good. It's just the Europe that hit our results. So if you put the combination of the seasonality and the recovery in Europe, then we have a reasonable chance of doing the guidance that we have given you.

Nothing that substantial because over there, those customers on our on-site business are obviously paying for the higher energy costs. We are not receiving any special compensation or anything like that. They're just paying for the additional energy cost, and we get our fee -- our contract.

Well, thank you very much, everybody, for participating in our call. We appreciate your attention and your good questions. And we wish you good health and success for the balance of the quarter and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you again.