Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for joining us on our call today. We certainly do appreciate your interest in Air Products. 
The talented, committed and motivated team at Air Products delivered another excellent set of safety and financial results. Our record adjusted earning per share of $1.95 is up 18% versus last year. This is the 17th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year EPS growth, and the fifth consecutive quarter we have delivered year-on-year EPS growth of more than 15%. 
We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, with a record quarterly EBITDA margin of over 36%. We continue to generate significant cash, which supports our robust dividend policy. And we do have the strongest balance sheet in the industry, which gives us the ability to commit a significant amount of capital to grow Air Products in the coming years. 
And most important, we have a great team of hard-working, dedicated, talented and committed people at Air Products, who have stayed focused on working hard every day to serve our customers and create value for our shareholders. 
Now please turn to Slide #3. We continue to improve our safety results with a reduction of 67% in our lost time injury rate, and a reduction of 52% in our recordable injury rate. These results can only happen when all of our 15,000 employees around the world are committed to safety and continuous improvement. 
On Slide #4, you can see our goal for the company: to be the safest, most diverse, and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. And I want to emphasize that the most diverse in our goal refers to our people. We value a diverse workforce. 
Now please turn to Slide #5. You can see our overall management philosophy that we have talked to you about many times over the last 4 years. But it is worth repeating because we continue to be focused on shareholder value, capital allocation, and an empowered and decentralized organization. 
Now please turn to Slide #6. It was almost 4 years ago that I shared our original Five-Point Plan. We have successfully focused on Air Products core Industrial Gases business, we have restructured the organization, changed the culture, controlled capital and cost, and aligned our rewards. 
We have done what we promised to do. 
Now please turn to Slide #7. Our journey is never complete and it's time to evolve our Five-Point Plan to guide us to over -- to guide us over the coming years. Let me explain each of the points on this slide one at a time. 
First, in term -- from the left side, in terms of sustaining our lead. We will keep our focus on safety. We have done well, but even one injury is too many. Accidents don't happen by themselves. Every incident or accident is preventable. 
We want to be the best-in-class in everything we do. We need to be the best-in-class operationally. For example, to make sure our plants are running all the time. 
The same thing with our human resource processes, financial processes, safety processes, everything that we do, we should aim to and we will be the very best in the industry. 
And productivity, we obviously need to continue to focus on productivity to maintain our margins. Second, in terms of deployment of capital. As you have heard me say before, we believe that we have at least $15 billion of capital to commit over the next 5 years. 
This includes cash and debt capacity available today, and the investable cash flow we expect to generate in the next 5 years. I remain very confident, and I'd like to repeat this, I remain very confident that we will be able to commit the full $15 billion to very high-quality industrial gas projects over the next 5 years. 
It is obviously [hard] to know exactly what will be the breakdown of the $15 billion. But based on our view today, I could see something approximately $1.5 billion for acquisitions on industrial gas companies, $2.5 billion for asset buybacks, $4 billion for traditional industrial gas projects, such as new liquid oxygen and nitrogen plants, packaged gas depots, high-purity nitrogen generators, and small scale oxygen and nitrogen plants. And then about $7 billion for larger-scale energy, environmental and emerging market projects, including coal gasification. 
We continue to execute on our overall growth strategy, acquiring the Shell gasification technology, and closing on the Lu'An project in the past quarters. 
The third point is the evolution of our portfolio. Most of the types of the projects, I mentioned before, are in our onsite business. These are the very large projects around the world. To be clear, we do intend to continue investing in our merchant business when we see good opportunities to invest in liquid capacity around the world. 
And the same goes for packaged gas opportunities in locations where we are already in that business. However, given the relative size and number of onsite opportunities, I expect the outside portion of our portfolio will grow faster, which means more of Air Products will be the onsite business in the future. 
This is good because onsite business is very stable during the ups and downs of the economic cycle around the world. 
Fourth, in terms of changing the culture. This remains a focus of our original Five-Point Plan that requires more work. We have to continue to improve our 4S culture, meaning safety, simplicity, speed and self-confidence. 
We will work to further build a committed, diverse and motivated team that brings their positive attitudes and open minds to work every day. 
And finally, on the last point on the chart on the right, at Air Products, we do have a higher purpose in addition to creating value for our shareholders. The higher purpose is to create an open and diverse environment for all of our people so that everyone feels that they belong, and their contribution is recognized. 
In addition, all of us at Air Products are committed to make good products that benefit all humanity, and we certainly are committed to sustainability. In summary, at Air Products, we do want to do more than just making money. 
As I said, we are proud of what we have accomplished with our original Five-Point Plan and are confident that we will continue to deliver with our updated Five-Point Plan as delineated on this Slide #7. 
Now please go to Slide #8, which shows the result of our 3 key metrics for the quarter. We remain committed to our goal to be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world, as measured by each of these 3 key metrics. 
Now please go to Slide #9. Since I started as the Chairman, President and CEO of Air Products more than 4 years ago, I have stressed the fact that we are committed to deliver at least 10% per year growth on our EPS over the long-term. 
You can see that we have delivered better than that in the last 4 years, and we will continue to pursue strategies, which will drive our EPS by at least 10% over the coming years. We are very committed to that. 
Finally, please turn to Slide #10, which is always my favorite slide, especially this quarter. It is great to see our record margin of 36.3% and the progress we have made over the last few years. 
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to results -- to discuss our results in detail. Scott?

Thank you, Scott. Now please turn to Slide #15, our Gases Americas, where we continue to deliver strong sales and profit growth. 
Sales increased 16% versus last year, driven by higher volumes, positive pricing and favorable currency impact. Volumes were up 6%, excluding the impact of the onetime equipment sale steer. Volumes were actually up 16%, if you exclude the equipment sale, as I said. 
New projects were responsible for about 3/4 of this 16% increase, while gases business and acquisitions were roughly equal to the rest of the business. I believe at the beginning, I said Gases Americas, I mean -- I meant Gases Asia, so there is no confusion. I'm talking about our business in Asia. 
I wish our Americas business volume was around 16%, that is not the case. Okay. 
Pricing for the region was up 4% versus last year, the fifth consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement, which was primarily driven by better supply-and-demand situation in China's merchant market. 
Strong volumes, higher pricing and favorable currency more than offset the prior year equipment sale headwind and drove nearly 30% increase in EBITDA. 
EBITDA margin was strong and up 400 basis points. Sequentially, both volume and price increase increased as China emerged from the Lunar New Year holiday. As mentioned in our last call, we close the Lu'An project during quarter 3. The team is making great progress as it bring the full gasifier trains onstream in stages. 
As we shared in April, we still expect about $0.04 earning per share contribution in fiscal year '18, and we expect the plant to be at full run capacity by the end of September and, therefore, expect at least $0.25 per share of accretion in 2019 from the Lu'An project. 
Now I would like to turn this call back to Scott to discuss our Americas result, please.

Thank you, Simon. Our team around the world is very excited about Air Products future. Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the foundation of our continued growth. And the evolution of our Five-Point Plan provides the framework to drive our success going forward. 
As I said before, we have the financial capacity, the opportunities, and the team to successfully win key growth projects. 
Let me just address the current state of global trade relations and tariffs. Very simply, we have not, and I'd like to express -- to stress, we have not seen any impact on Air Products at this point. 
Our business is local, so we don't have any direct exposure to import/export tariffs. We have not seen consumers changing their behavior, and as I mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to close the Lu'An joint venture in China earlier this quarter, as we expected. 
There is no doubt that there is uncertainty in the world and while we cannot predict or control worldwide political or economic developments, we do have control over the operational performance and growth of Air Products. And we are confident we will continue to deliver on the commitments that we have made. 
Now please turn to Slide #20. We are working hard every day to be the safest, most diverse, and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. That continues to be our goal. 
Continuing our positive momentum, we have again increased our guidance for the year to a range of $7.40 to $7.45. At midpoint, this is up $0.10 from the guidance we gave you last quarter. 
Our new guidance represents 17% to 18% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. As I said, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitment to grow to -- to grow our EPS by at least 10% each year for the future. 
For the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018, our earning per share guidance is $1.95 to $2, up 11% to 14% over last year. We continue to expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion in fiscal year 2018. 
Now please turn to Slide 21. I've talked about this many times, I don't need to repeat that. And please turn now to Slide #23. You can see that we believe very strongly that our real competitive advantage is the degree of commitment and motivation of the great team that we have at Air Products. 
This is what allows us to continue to generate superior safety and operational performance. I do want to thank all of our 15,000 employees around the world for their total commitment and hard work, and I'm very proud to be part of this winning team. 
Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Bob, good morning. Thanks for your question. I'll answer your question #2 first and make a comment on question #1 and then turn it over to Scott to elaborate. On question #2, when we talk about the $15 billion of investment capacity, that does not include any acquisition or anything by our affiliates. That's just Air Products. Then with respect to your question #1, we have always said that we see a strong economic activity in India, and I -- that has obviously contributed to affiliate and we had some obvious growth in Italy and Mexico, which are our big equity affiliates. But Scott, would you like to expand on that, please?

Okay. There is nothing unusual about the run rate, first of all, Jeff. So the -- we expect our equity affiliates to do well. With respect to the Americas, we have an issue in terms of mix. That means that our volumes are up because we are selling more to customers who have a lower price basically, that is the fundamental reason why you don't see the EBIT growth. We are not particularly excited about that, but that is the explanation. Overall, Jeff, you know the business very well. Fundamentally, our prices are going to be the same as other people's prices. We are not going to fall behind on that because if our prices are lower, we will get significantly higher volumes, but the -- I just like to turn it over to Scott to expand on what I said.

Okay, Jeff?

No, we have not. Because I mean share repurchase, obviously, what does it do for you? It artificially improves your EPS. We are taking the position that of the cash that we generate, we are giving half of that in dividend to the investors. So it's not as if we're hoarding all the cash. So half of that is going to a very generous dividend policy that we are saying, we give 2.5% of the stock prices dividend. The other half we believe very strongly that we have opportunities to invest that capital on projects that we will create significantly more value for the shareholders than buying the shares back. So that is our position, that hasn't changed and we do not see any change in the outlook for the deployment of the capital. So therefore, that's where we are.

Obviously, we are very pleased with the EBITDA margin for the quarter. But for the long-term, we have always told the investors to please, when you make models for Air Products, our EBITDA range is going to be somewhere between 33% to 36%. It's not going to go down and it will be within that range. On some quarters, like this quarter, we had 36.3%. I hope it repeats every quarter, but I don't want to give the impression that our margins are now suddenly going to be several basis points higher than what our run rate has been for the last few quarters. And obviously, now our EBITDA margins are almost 300% better than the next [ people. ] Okay?

About 2%, but the thing is that -- that usually we don't like to make too many comments about pricing, but we, obviously, fully understand that higher prices means higher profit, that's why our organization is focused on that. But they need to have a balance between what we can charge and what the supply/demand situation is. But our utilization rate in the U.S., please consider that it is still in the -- around 77%, 78%. Now in places where our utilization rate is about 80%, like in China, we are getting significant price increases, as you see.

Well, I mean it's very difficult to kind of pinpoint that, but order of magnitude, obviously, we would like to invest as much as we can in the U.S. But right now, from what we see, order of magnitude, probably about $2.5 billion will be in the Americas, about maybe $2.5 billion to $3 billion in Europe, including Russia and then the balance of it in Asia Pacific. Because anything that we invest in India is with the equity affiliates and it's not part of the numbers that I've given you.

Well, since Simon was talking about Europe, I'll have him answer that. Go ahead, Simon.

Duffy, I give more details, and obviously, the investors want even more details. We thought we have gone a long way by actually breaking down that. But out of the $7 billion, I expect approximately $5 billion will be in China.

Sure. Our utilization rate in the Americas is around 77% to 78%. Utilization in Europe is around 80%. In China, the industry utilization is around 55% to 60% but Air Products' utilization rate -- because we haven't built a lot of merchant plants, our utilization in China right now is at around 82% to 84%. So that is where we are and you can, obviously, correlate pricing to the utilization rate. I mean it's obvious, if you are selling a commodity in LOX/LIN and that is totally subject to supply/demand.

P.J., I cannot -- now that the deal is closed, this has been a fantastic deal for us and it has created significant opportunities, and we are seeing a lot of things that we didn't see before. So I'm very happy with the acquisition. In addition to that, that has opened up significant opportunities outside of China, yes. We are very pleased with the acquisition. It was the right thing to do. We have gotten a lot of very capable and very talented people and that has given us, I think, at the end, it will give us a significant competitive edge.

Outside of China, it will be -- it is places like Indonesia, Australia, Middle East, Europe. It's all over the place -- and the United States. But please it's -- but, please, when I'm talking about Shell, I need to clarify. We bought 2 technologies from Shell, one is for coal gasification and the other one is for liquid gasification. The liquid gasification is also important because P.J., as you know very well, a lot of the refineries need to upgrade their bottom-of-the barrel because of the IMO 2020. One of the ways to solve the problem of dealing with high sulfur residue is better than coking it is to use that liquid and gasify it. That is what Saudi Arabia is doing with the Jazan project. So that, I think, it will open up opportunities for us because we own the Shell technology for liquid gasification.

Well, thank you very much, Chris. In terms of the day-to-day things, obviously, we are seeing economic development in the U.S., which is helping with the utilization rates a little bit, although, it's not as robust as we hope. But in China, the growth has not slowed down, and we are growing very well there. In India, we don't consolidate, but the growth rates are very good. And, quite frankly, as I think I have mentioned to you before on one-on-one, Europe has been a surprise on the positive side because, quite frankly, we thought that with the Brexit and all of that, that European economy will suffer, it has not. So as a result, it's not growing very fast, but it is tightening, and you can see that the pricing is improving there. So those are overall, the positive things. Then with respect to the very big projects, yes, we are very optimistic about that. There is significant activity with respect to big projects in China and in Middle East, in Russia, in the U.S. So you see a lot of so-called megaprojects.

Sure, Chris. Obviously, if you go on my wish list, I hope that 5 years from now, 75% of our business is onsite. And I think that will probably happen with the way that we are deploying the capital. Our base business, merchant business and packaged gases business will continue to grow. We are not growing more onsite at the expense of that business. But that business, which is our liquid business and our packaged gases business is going to grow with global GDP, 2%, 2.5%, 3%, 3.5% a year. But our ambitions are significantly higher than that. We want to grow the company by more than 10%, as we have done in the past 4 years. That means that by default, although our base business is not -- is continuing to grow, our onsite business will grow faster, therefore, when you put it all together, hopefully by 2023, 75% of Air Products business will be onsite, which will be very stable and very profitable in terms of not only margins, but also in terms of internal capital employed.

Well, first of all, I'd like to make a comment. I just landed from a 14-hour overnight flight, and I just came to the office. So I think you need to give me a little bit of a break for not having -- mixing up Gases Americas and Gases Asia. But Simon was -- the slides are in the right order, but I just -- when I was looking at that, I just read Gases Americas rather than Gases Asia. But right now, when you look at our Americas business, I think we have disclosed that, that's about a $4 billion business. Our Asia business is right now, running at around 2.2%, 2.3%. With the capital deployment programs that we have, our Americas section will grow, but I think in 5 years, I don't expect Asia to be double in size, but it might. It might become our biggest region by '23, '24. And right now, we are -- I mean if it grows with the kind of EBITDA margin that we have, which is 43%, that would be very good.

That is not the case. We just lost a big coal gasification project to one of our competitors. I, obviously, don't want to mention who it is. But if people are telling you they are not pursuing coal gasification in China, you should ask them again. Everybody is there. Everybody is eager to win a project, and as I said, we just, last month, we saw -- we lost a coal gasification project in China, in southern China, to one of our competitors who claims they are not that excited about China. So everybody is there, my friend. Nobody -- when people look at these projects, and the size and the profitability, they are not going to give us a break. They are following us where we are going.

Well, I would say good execution, but again, since Simon made comments about Europe, Simon, would you like to answer that?

Yes. And from CO2, it was, David, not significant.

What we are talking about is projects that would take the -- would help with solving environmental issues. The biggest thing that we are referring to is, number one, this IMO 2020, where people have to do something with the bottom-of-the-barrel. And the second thing that we are talking about is coal gasification, which is a much more environmentally friendly, of using the coal rather than burning it in a power plant to generate power.

Yes.

Well, John, you're putting me in a position that especially my lawyer is sitting here and saying, don't make too many forward-looking statements here. But we are working on, obviously, on a lot of projects. But, quite frankly, John, this is a formal call. This is not a casual conversation. I'm the Chairman of the company, and I'm saying that we feel very confident about deploying the capital. So I can only say that if I see a backlog of projects that we are working on. Now when they are going to come to fruition, and when are we going to be able to announce them? I mean I, obviously, can't mention -- can't predict that, but we definitely have a robust number of projects that we are definitely working on. No question.

Well on that one, Andrew, one thing that we have said, and we stand behind that is that we want to grow EPS at least 10%. So you should expect that our guidance for 2019 will be 10% higher than 2018. I mean unless the world falls apart, but other than that, in terms of the specifics, I think we are very specific in terms of the timing of these things. But to break it down by quarter, well, this -- these are plants, new plants, start-up. The customer has to be ready and all of that, so I will be a little bit hesitant to start pinpointing it by quarter, but overall, as I said, on overall basis, obviously, we need the contribution of these projects in order to deliver the 10%. And Simon, would you like to make...

Well, the reason is that we are not very big in CO2 in Europe, so the whole event didn't have too much of an impact on us at all.

We didn't take a pass. The regulators decided to give us a pass. We would -- yes, we would have -- we have always said we are very interested in that, but the regulators decided that we should go do other things.

Simon?

Scott?

Around the world -- we don't usually comment by markets, but overall, in the U.S., it's really most of the sectors, whether it is food, whether it is steel, whether it is -- all of the other things. In China, it is obviously consumer demand for the products that they have, and around the world, so it's a mix. It's not any very particular market that suddenly has started contributing to our bottom line. As you know, we have more than 60,000 customers around the world, so -- we do not see any suddenly one sector growing 10%. It's just across the board, and that's the good thing about our company because we had exposure to all of these businesses.

Well, that's a very good question and since it's a difficult question, I'll give it to Scott to answer.

Well, right now, the way we see it, China is going to continue to be as strong. We don't see any sign of slow down there. I hope Europe stays where it is, which means that, although it's not growing very fast, it's not going down. And the U.S. obviously, depends on the effect of the tax cut and all of that. But right now, it looks okay. So we continue to -- go ahead.

I can't give you an exact number on that because then you'll pretty quickly figure out what we should do next year. But overall, I -- we usually don't give that number out, so if you excuse us for that. We don't like to break that down because then people can figure out exactly what the return on the projects are and all that. Well, thank you. With that, I think there are no more questions, and we -- I just like to thank everybody again for being on the call. Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentations. We very much appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a great day and all the best. Thank you.