Thank you, Simon, and good morning, everyone. As always, we thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call today.  
Before we talk about our results this quarter, please turn to Slide #3. As I said last quarter, the true character and leadership of individuals and companies are revealed during times of crisis. And unfortunately, this crisis continues at different levels in different places around the world. Our #1 priority has been and will continue to be the safety and wellbeing of our people. We have provided all the necessary protective equipment and instituted protocols focused on the safety and health of our people. I want to thank our employees for following these procedures and working hard to serve our customers under challenging conditions.  
In addition, as we mentioned last quarter, to ensure the peace of mind during this time of high stress with COVID-19, we have not reduced the staff nor cut anybody's salaries. Our people are doing a great job in keeping all of our 750 plants running around the world. All of our corporate and business functions are running smoothly, we continue to win mega projects around the world and serve our customers and deliver good results despite the significant crisis facing our world.  
Our robust business model is proving its resilience globally. Our onsite business remained stable. In addition, we have maintained our focus on pricing discipline, despite the lower volumes. And as you can see, our merchant businesses delivered improved pricing in all of our regions. Our business model supports and enables our strong financial position and we successfully accessed the debt markets in April to ensure we are ready for our exciting growth opportunities, which there are plenty of.  
We continue to execute on our growth opportunities, including the $7 billion carbon-free hydrogen project we announced earlier in July, and a $2 billion coal-to-methanol project in Indonesia. We remain confident and optimistic we can successfully deploy our very strong balance sheet and ongoing cash flow to create significant value for our shareholders.  
As Scott will explain in more detail later, we set a goal for ourselves in 2018 to commit $15 billion of growth projects by end of 2022. We are actually 2.5 years ahead of schedule. And as of now, we have already committed almost $16 billion, a great job by our business development team around the world. And while we are proud of succeeding our -- of exceeding our goal, we still have substantial capacity and projects for additional projects to continue our growth path.  
Please now turn to Slide #4. I'm pleased that our team stayed focused on working safely throughout these challenging operating conditions.  
Look at Slide #5, which is the goal we set for ourselves in 2014. I am proud to say that today, Air Products is the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world.  
At Slide #6, we have showed you many times before, and we continue to believe in our management philosophy that cash is king and that prudent capital allocation is one of the most important jobs of any CEO.  
Slide #7 lays out our 5-point strategy moving forward with an emphasis on our higher purpose as a company.  
Now please turn to Slide #8, where you can see the exciting innovative carbon-free hydrogen project we announced a few weeks ago. This is a unique world-class project to produce carbon-free hydrogen with 0 carbon -- 0 footprint carbon hydrogen for the global markets. Air Products, NEOM and ACWA Power will invest about $5 billion to produce green ammonia from wind and solar power in NEOM, Saudi Arabia. Air Products will take all the green ammonia and invest an additional $2 billion to develop the infrastructure to convert the ammonia to carbon-free hydrogen and deliver it to bus and truck peoples around the world. Therefore, Air Products' overall investment in the total project will be about $3.7 billion, and we expect the financial returns to exceed our previous commitments.  
This project is a true game changer for the carbon-free hydrogen market, which as we have always said, we expect to grow significantly in the next decade. And we are positioning Air Products to continue to be the leader in the hydrogen space.  
On Slide #9, you can see another great project, a $2 billion investment in Indonesia to gasify coal to methanol. Air Products will take coal from Bakrie and Ithaca and provide methanol under a long-term onsite business model. Once again, this demonstrates the expansion of our onsite business model, enabling us to offer customers a one-stop and complete solution, providing the products they need from the feedstocks that they have. The fundamental drivers of this project are the national security and energy independence policies of the government of Indonesia, and we expect to do more projects like this in Indonesia.  
Please turn to Slide #10, our gasification strategy. All the projects you see here continue to move forward. There are fundamental drivers creating significant growth opportunities in gasification. Countries and large companies around the world continue to focus on gasification to utilize the abundant natural resources they have to produce chemicals, transportation fuels and energy in a sustainable manner. We continue to make progress on our important $12 billion Jazan gasification project for Saudi Aramco. Despite the current challenging times, I am very happy to report today that we have now launched the $7 billion financing required for this project and we expect to close the transaction in October of 2020. Scott will have some more to say about this thing in his portion.  
As I am sure the investors and analysts will notice, we have removed the YK project from our project list and our backlog. This was a large coal gasification project in China. We have always told investors over the past 2 years that we will only do this project if we can get formal allocation of coal reserves dedicated entirely to this specific project. We have now come to the conclusion that this might not happen in the near future. It might happen later, but it's not happening in the near future. And as a result, we are removing this project from our backlog. If we ever get the allocation, then we can add it to our backlog. But right now, it is not appropriate to count on it.  
Now please to Slide #11. Thanks to the hard work of our team and the strength of our business model, our EBITDA margin remained over 40%, which is up 1,700 basis points from early 2014.  
Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to provide a financial overview. Scott?

Thank you very much, Scott. I am very pleased to say that our teams have done an exceptional job proactively responding to the current crisis. All 3 regions delivered strong pricing results and higher EBITDA margins this quarter. In addition, our costs are under control and we also brought new projects on the stream and acquired assets, which have added to our results.  
Now please turn to Slide #19, our Asia results. Our volumes in the third quarter were down mainly due to some negative impact from COVID-19 and planned maintenance shutdowns in 2 of our large facilities in China. Our team in Asia has stayed totally focused and disciplined on pricing, like the rest of the regions. Our merchant pricing in this region was up 4% in the quarter versus prior year. I would like to emphasize that this is the 13th consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement in this region. Our EBITDA for the region was down 2% versus prior year, primarily due to unfavorable currency. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 50% was up 100 basis points over prior year, driven by pricing and favorable costs.  
Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to discuss Americas' results. Scott?

Thank you, Simon. I do not need to tell any of you about the current crisis and its significant impact on the world and global economy. You see it and read about it every day. The COVID-19 recovery is very mixed around the world, with some areas back to normal activity, some slowly recovering and some unfortunately, seeing significant community spread and having to implement or reinstate restrictions.   
We are clearly living in uncertain times and that makes it very difficult to make any reasonable projections for the future. Therefore, we are not providing any guidance for our fourth quarter performance. But I can and will tell you about what we are seeing so far in the month of July. As of today, the 23rd of July, the 52% of our sales that is our onsite business is doing well, and we expect this to continue. In Asia, our merchant volumes are at similar levels as we saw in October in quarter 3. In Europe, our merchant volumes have been improving and are now down about 10% so far in July versus last year. In the Americas, where we see the greatest uncertainty on the future economic recovery, our merchant volumes are down about 10% so far in July versus last year. As a reminder, we do not have a packaged gases business in the United States. However, we do expect higher maintenance costs in the fourth quarter, as a number of plant outages by our customers were delayed from quarter 3.  
I would also like to add that although we are concerned about the short-term effects of COVID-19 and its impact on the world economy, we do not see any slowdown on the demand for our growth opportunities, the mega projects around the world, hydrogen for mobility, gasification, carbon capture and all of that. Therefore, I remain -- continue to remain very optimistic about prospects for future growth for Air Products.  
Now please turn to Slide #24. Now more than ever, our real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. Our business model and strong financial position will allow us to continue to execute our strategy to create long-term shareholder value. A top priority is the ongoing growth of our dividend also. We are committed to increasing our dividend as we go forward. The projects in our backlog continue as expected and we continue to win significant projects to create long-term shareholder value. Most importantly, we will continue to protect our people's health and safety and take care of their welfare and their families.  
Let me end today by thanking our 17,000 employees around the world for their dedication and commitment. Their work will drive us forward. We are proud to play a critical role and make a difference to the world during this challenging time and into the future. That is our higher purpose at Air Products. All of us at Air Products, we all stand together to make a difference.  
Now we are pleased to answer your questions.

Vincent, no. It is just the fact that it is a lower margin than the other parts of the world. I would like to ask Scott, do you have any additional comments on that? But...

No. I think those opportunities are still there, Vincent. It's just that some of them take a long time for it to happen, but we don't see any slowdown on those and some of those [ decapitations ] are fundamental to strategic decisions by some of our customers of divesting of their noncore business. It's not so much driven by COVID or cash flow issues. I mean Saudi Aramco doesn't have any cash flow issue, but they do want to get rid of some of their noncore assets or other companies. So we continue to look at those and if anything happens, obviously, we'll tell you.

Well, thanks for the kind comments, I'll take it as a positive comment. We have always said that if you do the math and take the projects that we have announced, calculate the EBITDA for them and then obviously, our capacity goes up and so on, you can come up with the fact that Air Products can invest $30 billion in total. So we are just going to continue doing what we are doing. And as I promised you last time, next summer, we will give you another 5-year plan in terms of what we want to do for the -- for another 5-year period, now that we have achieved our goal. 
But the opportunities are there. They are very significant. And we are not running out of capacity and so on. The math that Scott is doing is very appropriate, but he is only allowed to use our current last 12-month EBITDA. And I'm sure you have done the math, a lot of the investors have done the math and they say, "Seifi, you're going to spend $30 billion?" and I said, "Yes, it's possible." So we continue to be very optimistic.

Well, you are very familiar with the impact it had when the number went down, so you can just reverse that. And you would also need to realize that more than 60% of our business, almost 70% of our business is outside the United States. And therefore, the tax rate in the U.S. does affect our results, but it's not as significant as if you had 100% of our business in the U.S. But you have a very clear reference point. I mean, when it was reduced, you saw how much it benefited us. We were very open about that. So...

Kevin, first of all, that is a comment which we made about Americas. In the U.S., there are some plant -- as you know, our maintenance shutdowns are determined by the customers. We can't take our plant down unless they take it to paper. Some of the customers decided they were going to do that in the U.S. in the -- or fiscal year third quarter, now they have decided to do it next quarter. So that comment is related to Americas only. And the effect of that is some -- the -- are -- they are always very transparent. We do that, but it is not a material effect.

We don't see any significant change. We are a global company. The Chinese look at us as a global company. We have invested more than $10 billion in China since 1988, in the last 32 years that we have been there. Our business is very local. And therefore, at least up to now, the so-called tensions between the 2 countries hasn't affected us at all. And there are plenty of opportunities that we are pursuing there. 
The fact that we took YK out, I've been talking about that for the last 2 years to the investor that it was just a matter of the coal allocation, and we don't want to do a big project in China if we are not assured of the supply of coal. So that -- don't read into that as if our opportunities in China has reduced or anything like that. Now we are working on projects in China as we are working anywhere else in the world.

Thank you for your question. Number one, technically, it is feasible. But with respect to us, we were very, very clear when we announced the NEOM project that we are not in the business of selling ammonia. We are selling carbon-free hydrogen. So whether it is technically feasible or not, those are not the applications that we are looking at because we don't think they are as highly value-adding as hydrogen for mobility. Our ammonia for us is just a transport medium to take the hydrogen gas from Saudi Arabia and convert it to something that can be transported. So we are in the business of selling hydrogen, not ammonia, whether it is green or blue or anything like that. That's not our business.

Well, first of all, we are not getting into the methanol business, as you know, very well. The only thing that we have added to our scope is building the plant and operating the plant. The product is going to be sold by other people and the variations on that is the responsibility of other people. In terms of the unit operation of methanol, obviously, people are running methanol plants all over the word. But we did realize that we did not have that experience directly and that is why we made the strategic alignment with Haldor Topsoe, who is the leader in production of ammonia and methanol and all of that. And therefore, we are using their technology and their help in enabling us to do that part of unit operation without any risk.

PJ, you're asking an excellent question, but it is very much -- I don't want to oversimplify but it is like when people go buy a car. Some people like to buy a Rolls-Royce and some people like to buy a Bentley, and some people like to buy a Toyota Camry. Therefore, we are there to serve the market. People are going -- some people are going to say, "I don't care about CO2 emissions. I just want the hydrogen because I'm worried about pollution in my own specific city. Therefore, give me hydrogen, and I don't care how it is made." And some people might say, "No, I want blue hydrogen," and some people say, "No, I want carbon-free hydrogen." Therefore, we are the largest producer of hydrogen in the world and therefore, we feel obligated to have all 3 options available and sell it to the market. As I said, it's just like -- not everybody wants the same thing, and therefore, as a result of that, we don't want to kind of walk away from business by saying, "No, we only sell carbon-free hydrogen." Why not? The other things we are making -- selling hydrogen right now, gray hydrogen in California for mobility, and it's very profitable. Why shouldn't we continue doing that if the customers demand that? So that is our philosophy to be able to sell in a spectrum of customers. And that it's like -- yes. You know what I mean. Yes.

Yes. Sure. Scott, do you want to answer that?

But the thing is that next year, you know that we have our costs under control. So we are not going to have an issue with the cost. Then our onsite business is going well, and it will continue going well. Then it all becomes the issue of mix and volume. You know that we are committed to pricing. That is a principle that I've been talking about in every call. We are committed to that, and you see that we are delivering 4% price increases during the time that the world is basically shut down. 
So we are committed to that. Then the only thing that is there is the volumes and merchant volumes and the merchant volumes, as we have always said, is directly related to industrial production activity in different regions. So right now, China is almost back to normal. So next year, it will actually -- our team will be better than this year because they are talking about now China growing about 8%. I had a conversation with a very high level person last night that was predicting about 8% growth in China. So I think that will be there. 
And then you need to kind of figure out how would Europe come out of this thing and how would the Americas come out of there. So we are very much at the mercy of that. I mean, if you want to have a rosy picture that there will be a vaccine and everything will be back to normal, which I hope is the case, then we'll be doing great next year. Plus the fact that in addition to that, in terms of growth of our EPS, please don't forget that if we are able to close Jazan, which we announced the fact that we are in the market for the financing sometime in October, then that will give us a significant boost in terms of EPS in 2021. Okay?

Well, I don't know where it will go because it's just like a little bit the last time we had our results. It was a question of whether America seems to be on demand, but now we bend the other way. But I don't want to predict that, but I kind of honestly, right now, I don't see any reason why it should get worse, but who knows? We can't predict it.

The thing that turned out differently -- you're asking an excellent question. Number one, the hydrogen for mobility came sooner than I thought. I thought the hydrogen for mobility will be more like 2023, 2024. But fortunately, we've been able to put that project together and announce it. Then the other thing is that the so-called asset buybacks ended up to be bigger than we thought. Because at the time we announced it, I didn't expect us to do a $12 billion asset buyback from Saudi Aramco with the Jazan project. So those are the 2 main things that has -- was a little bit different than what we talked, which has allowed us to be 2.5 years ahead of schedule.

First of all, in terms of long lead items, we are already talking to people. And then secondly, in terms of what needs to happen in Saudi Arabia, they just need to give us a piece of land. That's it. We are going to be self-sufficient. There, we are going to build everything. We are going to build the power plant, we are going to build the water desalination plant, we are going to build the roads. We are going to build the port and the whole thing. So we are not dependent on anything specific happening there. We'll be very much self-sufficient.

Well, yes, you are asking me, first of all, hope all is well with you. Secondly, you're asking me a question that gets me into confidentiality and all of that with our partners. You obviously do not need 4 megawatts of power to produce 650 tons a day of hydrogen. That is very easy to calculate. You know that every kilogram of hydrogen requires approximately 60 kilowatts. That can be calculated and then we say 75%, and that means you need to multiply by about 2, just to make sure that you have enough power to run your facilities. And then it's not difficult to calculate how much power the ASU needs or the ammonia plant needs. So you obviously do not need 4 megawatts. Therefore, there are other plans for the excess that I cannot talk about.

Which would be accretive to what it is. Anything else will be additive rather than subtractive.

As of right now, Scott is sitting on $6 billion of cash, not a little bit more than that. And we do generate a lot of cash even after paying dividends, and you should all see the slides. So we have plenty of cash to do all of the projects we have talked about and still continue to pay dividend and increase the dividend.

No, no, no. There's plenty of room because we can always go and issue additional bonds because our EBITDA goes up. We have plenty of room. The company right now, our net debt is about less than 0.5 EBITDA. So we have a lot of room. I think that's a very important point there to make that we are not constrained for additional growth, and you should expect us to continue to announce mega projects as we go forward. We are not slowing down.

Yes. Next summer, we will do that. Next summer, we'll give you another 5-year plan. So that you have visibility to 2026 or something like that.

Well, the thing is that what makes it unique is the fact that we have come up with a practical solution that you can actually execute. I mean, people are talking about a lot of different theories, but we have come up with a way of taking green hydrogen and actually converting it to something that can be transported and delivered through a different station in -- whether it is in Frankfurt or Tokyo or Shanghai. I mean that is the innovation and the fact that the hydrogen refueling stations are self-sufficient, that means we are not going to require power from the grid, which is not clean power. And we are not going to require power from the grids around the compressors because those compressors use a lot of power. In order to put hydrogen into a truck, you need to raise the pressure to about 10,000 pounds per square inch. That requires a lot of compression. So if somebody says, "Well, I'm going to connect to the grid." First of all, that requires a lot of voltage and a lot of electricity. And secondly, that grid have the -- have power produced from that grid. 
So what we have come up is a unique thing that we just don't touch anything related to carbon, produce the hydrogen and put it in somebody's truck. Some people put a lot of value on that. As I said before, to another answer to another question, some people might say, "No, I don't care how you make the hydrogen. I just want you to make it somewhere else and then I want to convert the buses in my city to hydrogen because then, there is no pollution in my city." But the fact that the world is getting warmer, that is somebody else's problem. But that is -- but the uniqueness of the NEOM project is that we have come up with something practical that 4 years from now, you can actually deliver hydrogen, carbon-free to a truck  wherever it is. It's not a theory, it's a practical way of doing.

We are very, very enthusiastic about carbon capture. We have a lot of projects in development. And when the time comes, we will announce them. We have -- we are very excited about that because that is another significant solution because if you can capture carbon, and kind of create -- you can create blue everything. You can capture carbon, you can make blue methanol. You can then make blue urea, you can -- yes. I mean, the carbon capture is very, very essential part of everything because no matter how many NEOMs we build, the world has 1.2 billion cars running around. So carbon capture and hydrocarbons are still going to be used. And if you can find a way of capturing the CO2, that can be a huge business. We have always said that, and we continue to work on that and develop the projects for them. And I think in the next 2 or 3 years, you will hear about us coming out with real commercial proposals on that.

Well, with Jazan, when it comes on, it is going to -- I mean, if we close, we close and then we get our DFC. And we have given you some guidance, you know how much capital we are employing. You know the kind of the rule of thumb of $0.10 of operating income per dollar of investment. And then you can calculate what the effect will be.

No, no. Go ahead please.

Well, the thing is, I don't want to make any comments about what our competitors are doing. I mean they should answer that about what is the difference between an MOU and a signed contract and what is aspirational project and a real project. But that's up to them. I don't have any comments about that. But in terms of our prospects in China, we are working on many, many, many opportunities in terms of supplying hydrogen. We are building hydrogen fueling stations there. Most of them are so-called gray hydrogen, but that is what they want. They are not -- in China, they are not yet too enthusiastic about green hydrogen. They seem to be happy. They are more focused on carbon capture and so-called blue hydrogen. 
But we are there, we are working. And as I said, we want to supply the broad spectrum. We actually have a lot of activity in terms of hydrogen fueling stations in China. I think if you count them, we probably are working on 120 projects. But we don't put out -- any time we do something, we don't put out a press announcement.

Approximately, that's a correct statement.

Well, the thing is that absolutely -- we wouldn't have ended the conference call until we got a question from you. I'm sure it's a difficult one, but I'm getting myself ready for you.

Well, Bob, excellent question. The thing is that in order to make or bring about a project like NEOM, what you need, number one, you need to have a building partner who is going to give you access to a location, which has the sun and the wind. That means we need to have access to the government. You need to convince the government. This is not something that you go there and you buy a piece of property and try to do something like that. You need vast quantities of area, and you are going to be doing things in very sensitive areas and all of that. So that is the first requirement. And with NEOM, I think we were able to do that. It's very difficult to come up with, and if there are places in the world that might have those kind of capabilities, you need to have a relationship and be able to convince the government to support you. That's the first. 
The second thing is obviously the idea of how to do this thing. Now that we have announced it, I guess, everybody said, "Well, I knew all about it, yes, we can convert it to ammonia." But I think that was what sold the NEOM project because we demonstrated to the Saudi Arabian government, which is really NEOM, that look, you are talking about a practical problem. You're not just talking about, okay, we make hydrogen gas. And then we are day dreaming about the fact that someday, somebody will build a ship to liquefy it and take it to the market. It was a real solution there and a real project. 
Then the third thing is that we have tied up with the largest and most credible producer of electrolyzers. There is no other company in the world right now that can match the capacity of thyssenkrupp in making these stuff. So -- and they have -- as you know, we have an exclusive arrangement with them. So that is the second thing. And then the third thing is, obviously, the fact that we have been doing hydrogen fueling, and we have more than 50 patents, with respect to actually hydrogen fueling stations and how you put this stuff in somebody's trunk at 10,000 psi. And therefore, those are the competitive advantages that we have. 
But the most important thing is being the first starter, and that is what we have done. So it's a little bit like gasification because right now, any country, believe me, any country or anybody, anywhere in the world, and I have examples of this, anybody in the world who is thinking about gasification, whether it is a country, whether it's a company, whether it is a chemical giant or a refinery giant, they pick up the phone and call Air Products, and that gives you a significant advantage. And we hope to be the same thing with respect to -- and over there, we have the tech -- we need to -- hope to be the same thing with hydrogen for mobility. And don't underestimate a lot of other people wanted to do NEOM. It was the nicest here, the only one.

Bob, I think this is public information. The people who have this technology, thyssenkrupp has been doing this thing for 60 years. They have been doing it for making chlorine and all of that. So their technology is very known and their manufacturing capacity is very well-known. Obviously, Siemens is talking about their PEM technology. We did look at that and we decided that thyssenkrupp was a better option for us at this stage. Now would that PEM technology develop in something later on? It might or it might not. The other people are small operation research professors doing things. There is nobody there, which is quite honestly, credible.

Pricing, my friend. Focus on pricing. We are not focused on volumes. We are focused on prices. And if we lose market share, we lose market share. That is the philosophy that we announced about 2.5 years ago. You know very well. And we said that, look, the time has come for us to increase prices on our products because we haven't increased prices for 10 years. Our costs are going up. We are spending a lot of money on development, our cost of driving the trucks, our drivers cost more, our operators costs more, and all of that. And therefore, we have been very focused on pricing, and that is what is driving this thing. And you can see the pricing, I mean, when you look at the history of the industrial gas businesses in the last 10 years, there aren't that many places where even under normal times, people got 4% price increases every quarter.

I will take that question because I don't think Scott will answer that question because we don't want to disclose that. But Mike, you can calculate that, right? We told you, it's $530 million. And we keep saying that the minimum thing is $0.10 for every dollar of capital. So you can calculate that pretty easily, right? And you know our tax rate is about 20%. So you can come to the conclusion and then figure out that it was in the quarter for about 1.5 months, and you come up with a number. But we don't want to go through the details of that because we do not want to exactly talk about the profitability of that project.

On that one, you can make a good guess, my friend. But we cannot go there. Sorry about that. You can give us a break at least once in a while.

We are going to do better than $0.10. The next phase is going to be more profitable.

John, you're asking a very, very good question. Can I just make a comment, not everything is going to come on the stream in '23, '24. We are going to have a lot coming on the stream in 2021, if we close Jazan. Then in 2022, we have Jiutai and several other projects that come on stream. So this is going to be a continuous growth. So we don't have a big hole somewhere. 
The other thing about the EBITDA and the joint ventures, obviously, it depends and we don't have too many joint ventures, but the joint ventures that we have, some of them, we can consolidate. Some of them, we cannot consolidate. And the issue that becomes a very complex calculation on all that. But I don't think you want to take too much of a haircut on the EBITDAs because we did get most of it.

Thank you. So I would have -- in closing, I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for listening to our presentation. We appreciate your interest. And we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. As I said earlier, please stay safe and healthy. And looking forward to talking to you in 3 months. All the best. Thank you.