Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Honeywell delivered another outstanding quarter of earnings per share of $2.12, up 18% year-over-year, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Using our effective tax rate guidance for the quarter of 24%, earnings per share was $2.06 or $0.03 above the high end of our guidance range. Tom will take you through these details momentarily.
Our earnings this quarter were driven by organic sales growth of 6%. The sales growth was strong across the portfolio with double-digit growth in the Aerospace defense business and the SPS warehouse automation business. We expect the sales momentum to continue throughout the second half of the year as our long-cycle orders were up 11% and our long-cycle backlog was up 14% with noteworthy backlog strength in Intelligrated, defense, business aviation, UOP and HPS services. I will touch on our revised full year guidance in a minute.
We expanded segment margin by 60 basis points, which also exceeded our guide. Strong operational performance drove our exceptional margin result, and we benefited from higher volumes, continued investments in commercial excellence and mature productivity. We achieved these results while investing in our future, particularly in connected enterprises, research and development and in our global sales force. So far, we've also overcome the impacts of inflation. Greg will cover that in more detail later in the call.
Free cash flow was again a highlight this quarter at about $1.7 billion, up 42% year-over-year, excluding separation costs. Conversion this quarter was 108%, the highest second quarter conversion we've had in 5 years. This continues the improving trends we saw in the first quarter as our HOS Gold working capital tool set continues to deliver results.
Finally, we continued to aggressively deploy capital, repurchasing about $800 million in Honeywell shares. In total, in the first half, we repurchased about $1.7 billion in Honeywell shares as we continue to take advantage of our opportunities in the marketplace to be more aggressive from a capital deployment perspective.
We're also tracking well against the cash repatriation plan we reviewed at our Investor Day in February, which contemplated more than $4 billion of cash being repatriated in 2018. We brought back nearly $2.2 billion into the U.S. through the second quarter.
Today, we are raising our full year 2018 organic sales growth guidance to a new range of up to 5% to 6%, our segment margin expansion to 40 to 60 basis points, our EPS guidance to a new range of $8.05 to $8.15 or up 13% to 15% and our full year free cash flow guidance to $5.6 billion to $6.2 billion. Compared to prior range, our EPS guidance is now $0.20 higher at the low end and $0.10 higher at the high end. These changes reflect both our second quarter performance and our confidence in the company's ability to continue outperforming for the remainder of the year.
Our end markets are strong. We're executing well, as evidenced by our margin and cash performance, and we have significant balance sheet capacity still to deploy. I'm encouraged by our performance to date and expect more of the same in the second half.
Let's turn to Slide 3 to highlight some of the recent exciting news in our businesses.
In Aerospace, Dassault Aviation launched FalconConnect, a comprehensive solution designed to facilitate use, management of -- and control of in-flight connectivity. FalconConnect is powered by Honeywell's routers, services ground infrastructure and GoDirect connectivity services and is designed to make connectivity as efficient as possible for operators, crews and passengers. It includes both classic and high-speed cabin Internet, cockpit safety links, standard ground communications and a wide range of value-added services designed to maximize data control and minimize costs. FalconConnect is available on all Dassault Falcon jets, making Honeywell GoDirect the preferred service provider for operators flying Falcons.
Last month, Honeywell released a comprehensive study about the connected aircraft, which found that the commercial aviation industry is at the beginning of a 5-year technology investment wave fueled by the advances in high-speed in-flight WiFi connectivity. The study found that about half of the respondents expect to spend up to $1 million per aircraft on connectivity technologies over the next year and 17% of respondents expect to spend more than $10 million per aircraft over the next 5 years. Honeywell is at the forefront of innovation when it comes to connected aircraft, and we are well positioned to continue to win in this fast-growing space.
In Home and Building Technologies, the building owner of the Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest structure, is currently piling a Honeywell connected building outcome-based service, which uses building performance data to focus maintenance activities where they are most needed in order to improve operational efficiency, maximize uptime and improve the integrity of the security systems. So far, the pilot, which encompassed the mechanical components of the Burj Khalifa's HVAC system, has resulted in a 40% reduction in total maintenance hours and a significant reduction in unplanned reactive maintenance, helping the building operators lower their maintenance cost for this landmark facility in Dubai.
In Performance Materials and Technologies, ExxonMobil announced that the Honeywell Process Solutions' Experion LCN software approach to migrate their legacy installed base DCS systems eliminates the need for costly rip and replace DCS migrations. Experion LCN enables infinite longevity of our customers' DCS systems by preserving their intellectual property. ExxonMobil indicated that Honeywell exceeded their expectations, met their challenge 2 years ahead of the schedule and gave Honeywell an A on the development of this unique and cost-effective offering. The comments were made at Honeywell Users Conference Group, or HUG, which took place in San Antonio last month. The event brings together more than 1,300 customers, channel partners, suppliers and other industry participants from 32 countries to discuss the latest technology and innovations in the process automation space.
Finally, in Safety and Productivity Solutions, Honeywell Intelligrated provided the material handling equipment design, installation and support for Amazon's new more than 0.5 million square foot distribution center north of Calgary. Once it opens later this year, the facility will complement a larger network of Amazon fulfillment centers throughout Canada.
The Intelligrated system includes more than 4,800 linear meters of conveyor, an IntelliSort high-speed slide and shoe routing sorter, which achieves the highest speeds of any piece of equipment in the facility while maintaining the precision to handle even fragile items and an even bigger IntelliSort cross-belt shipping sorter that stretches 529 meters in length. This system helps workers efficiently pick, pack and ship orders so they arrive on the customer's doorsteps on time.
Our connected offerings are transforming the industries in which we participate, leveraging our large installed base to help our customers gain a competitive advantage in the markets they serve.
With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom, who will discuss our second quarter results in more detail.

Well, I mean, as you kind of think about that 60-40 split that we talked about before, obviously, I'm gaining more confidence by the day because that kind of backlog growth -- double-digit backlog growth, double-digit growth in orders is tremendous. We're actually very bullish also on the PMT segment kicking in much more significantly in the second half based on the activity of our pipeline. So obviously, as I look forward to 2019, although I'm still focused on 2018, we've got a couple quarters to go, but there's no question that based on what we're seeing, we're -- the things are shaping up nicely for another strong year in 2019 based on current activity.

Amazon has been a great customer. We've had a long-term partnership. We're -- in some ways, we're a supplier and a customer. So it kind of goes in both directions. The Intelligrated solutions are extraordinarily well respected. And they hit the part of warehouse automation that's growing the fastest, and that's around e-commerce. I've talked about that before. That, that is truly the sweet spot of Intelligrated offerings is in the high speed, high throughput. That's a solution that's second to none, and we're seeing that being reflected in our growth rates. And as I've said before on a number of calls, this will turn out to be the -- probably the best acquisitions we've ever done, and I continue to feel very strongly about that.

No, I -- this is -- I'm glad you asked that question, Joe, because that is -- to me, that's a real highlight of the quarter. I mean, I really think that the kind of focus we've had within the company on working capital, on terms, on executing on our inventory, receivables, all those things are really kind of coming together and being reflected. Our working capital turns are getting better. We're getting less -- driving less capital intensity. A lot of the investments we're paying that we've made are paying off, and it's a really, really nice story. And it kind of all came together here in Q2 cash flow, and we expect that momentum to continue. So we feel good about what we're doing. We'll continue to add more tools to HOS Gold to help our teams drive working capital, and it's really gratifying to see a lot of that come through in the numbers. And we're not done. We've got more tailwinds ahead of us so...

Yes. I mean, I think, frankly, it's a little bit of -- we have to do an even better job of communicating the value of our connected buildings. But as we talked about in some of our win examples, when you secure a building like the Burj Khalifa, which is kind of the -- probably as prestigious a building as there is anywhere in the world and the building owner sees the value in our connected building solutions, that tells you something. So I think that there is more headway here for us. Frankly, also in Q2, we had some operational issues on the electronic side. So this print could have been a little bit better than it actually was. We're working through our backlog situation that should correct itself in Q3 and Q4. But overall, we feel pretty good about the kind of offerings we have. And I'd say something else in the Connected Buildings. We're in different steps of evolution of all our connected plays, whether it's connected aircraft, connected buildings, plant and so on. I actually think that a lot of the solutions that we have in connected buildings are more commercial-ready than maybe a lot of the other offerings that we have. So we've installed a new leader in HBT with a great deal of confidence, and Vim always has a tremendous track record in process solutions. And we're very confident he's going to do the same in HBT.

Think about -- yes, it's north of $1.5 billion that's purely the connected revenues. That's not the total software business, just to be clear.

Absolutely.

Absolutely, Steve. I mean, I think this is -- if you go back to that playbook, and I'll say the playbook really came out all the way in Investor Day of 2016. When you think about all the factors that I talked about, right, which is accelerating our organic growth rate, continued margin enhancement, improved cash conversion, transforming to a software industrial and deploying -- be more aggressive around capital deployment, I think we could put all those things together, we can point clear signs to every one of those things that we're doing. And obviously, cash conversion was one of those elements. We committed to be in the 90s this year. I feel even more confident of us being there, and I continue to be bullish about us making progress in '19 and beyond.

No, we're -- I'm -- I have, by no means, given up on getting an acquisition closed this year. I think we still have a shot to do so. We're looking at a number of things. You never know which way they're going to go. I mean, so far, a lot of them have gone left rather than right for one reason or another, but we're far from giving up and getting a decent acquisition done here or maybe even a couple. But the calculus has always been, okay, if we can't deploy capital through acquisitions, bolt-ons, which has always been our preference, then we're going to deploy back in the form of buybacks. And I thought it was a very attractive entry point as I talked about it at the end of Q1 in the $140. So I was more than happy to buy back the shares.

Well, I mean, we've got a lot -- it's -- we've got a lot of cash on the balance sheet, but I'm not planning on spending all of it so...

Yes, I mean, the framework I think that I provided, Steve, just to be consistent, and I'd still stick with it, which is if you think about a dividend someplace around the $3 billion mark for the 2 spins, I'm going to have to use some of that to pay down debt, something in the $1 billion to $2 billion range. The rest of that I'm committing to buybacks. So I'm kind of done that already. On top of that, I would do what I need to do to keep share count flat, which is another half or so. And then on top of that, we might do a little bit more. So that's kind of a rough framework. And it's a little bit -- the calculus gets a little fuzzy depending upon whether or not we do have a transaction. It's going to be a little bit less if we do another transaction. It might be a bit more if we don't. So -- and also, we'll see where the entry points are.

Yes. Well, yes, I mean, obviously, that's something we thought about. We've derisked half of it, so half of that exposure is gone. Our pension is funded at like 113%, 114% range. So even if you think about some kind of a major step back in terms of the market at 20% reduction, we'd still be fully funded. So do we -- there is some benefit to having some below-the-line income as well come through. It does hurt cash conversion, but there are some benefits as well. So obviously, we're thinking about that. No further decisions will be made. But I thought taking at least half that risk completely off the table like we did earlier this year was wise, particularly given were the markets were, and we'll see what we do from here.

Yes. On Defense & Space, they continue to be bullish given what we're seeing in the -- not just the U.S. defense budgets that's certainly positive, but also a lot of the NATO countries' defense budgets. And they -- I don't know if they're all going to reach the 2% of GDP level, but it's very clear that many of them are going up. So that's -- that continues to be -- continue to be bullish on that segment. In terms of kind of the aftermarket part of our business, I think a couple of things to point out. One is we're shifting more of that mix to longer-term contracts. So I discussed this a little bit at the end of Q1. So we're going to see a little bit more of kind of steady-state rather than kind of complete alignment with flight hours. We still feel good about what we did. Two is we have a little bit more of an avionics versus mechanical focus versus some of the others, which probably see greater -- even higher correlation to flight hours. And three is we are still very much in kind of a past due situation on the backlog. I mean, we are seeing some challenges in kind of the Tier 3, Tier 4 supply chains. And frankly, these numbers could have been even better, and we're working through those to -- and we expect to really be in a much, much better shape by the end of the year. But nevertheless, things are a bit too strained on the supply chain and I think that's very consistent with what you're hearing from a lot of the other aerospace players as well.

Yes. Well, a couple of comments. I think certainly, we're seeing better margins there in Intelligrated. But the other thing, let's not forget that, it's been a -- it's a really nice story in SPS throughout all our businesses, granted Intelligrated grew faster than a number of the others. But if you, let's say, look productivity products, which really had a really nice quarter this quarter, double-digit growth, substantial margin expansion, and this is very consistent. If you go back to a lot of the earnings call last year, I talked about us getting that business back on track. And I'm very pleased to see that John and the team really kind of got that business going again. It was a tremendous story. Our SIoT business had another strong quarter. So it's -- the kind of margin expansion growth we're seeing in SPS is just -- it's not just limited to Intelligrated. It's really across the board. There isn't a single business that didn't have a good quarter in SPS.

Yes. Well, let's start with the pricing because it's a couple of different questions. I mean, I would tell you that Intelligrated margins are expansion -- are expanding, not contracting. A lot of that is due to self-help. We're becoming much more efficient. We're leveraging a much broader global footprint to complete the work. And frankly, this is a technology business. When you can process 400 boxes a minute versus 350, customers are willing to pay for that. And I would say that right now, and it's just going to continue to stay this way. This is the best technology available in the marketplace, so it's pretty clearly to see why we are where we are. In terms of the -- that kind of growth, 40%, that's -- it's not surprising to us. We've known that this was coming. We continue to be very bullish about a lot more growth. So you guys should expect kind of double-digit orders growth here in the second half as well. And we've been preparing for it. We're building out capacity, capability and we're staffing up very, very quickly. We're exceptional at project execution. That's also why we win as often as we do. And frankly, the Intelligrated team is using a lot of the HOS Gold toolkit to continue to execute and also leveraging a lot of the things that were done in Honeywell Process Solutions because the leader now of Intelligrated is somebody who was a leader in HPS. So all those things are kind of coming together, and I feel very bullish on our ability to be able to process that backlog successfully.

No. I mean, I think yes and no. China, for example, last year, our growth was in the 20s. Currently, we see it a little bit more kind of in the teens, but I wouldn't exactly call that a slowdown. I mean, maybe relatively speaking, it's a slowdown. India continues to be double-digit growth. LatAm was strong. Central Europe was strong. When I say strong, all double-digit kind of growth kind of figure. So overall, we're not seeing much of a slowdown. Now you couple all that with our backlog growth, our long-cycle order growth, you couple it with some of the past due situations we have in Aerospace, right now, I'm continuing to be bullish overall on the growth. So based on what we're seeing right now, based on the orders, long cycle, short cycle that we're seeing, there's every reason for me to continue to be bullish on our growth. Could that change? Of course, but I'm not seeing it right now.

No. I mean, it's -- yes, it's really both because, as you know, our defense business in Aerospace is really so widespread. So it's not really tied to any one given program. And whether it's tanks, aircraft, all those will drive the right financial outcomes for us. And it's widespread both in the U.S. and the international arena. So it's -- as the defense budgets grow, so will our business, and we're seeing that.

Yes. I mean, we -- by the way, we've also expanded some capacity in Aerospace just to -- especially in the area of industrials and so on. So we've got capacity expansion that's already taking place to keep up with that demand. And frankly, we knew that a lot of the air transport market was going to take off. We've adjusted to that. Now we're trying to pull the supply chain -- kind of the Tier 2, Tier 3 supply chain along with that to make sure that they can keep up, and there's been a lot of energy spent on us working with our suppliers to make sure that they're ready for what we believe is the new normal.

Yes. I mean, HPS performed very, very well in the second quarter. It's up mid-single digit for the first half of the year. It's a business that's been on an absolute tear for a long time now. Our order rates are strong. We're actually even more bullish in the second half of the year. As you know, it now contains the Smart Energy business, which we moved in there, which is also gaining acceleration, and that is part of that management team. So overall, we're very bullish on continued HPS performance. And overall, between HPS and UOP, kind of our quote log looks very strong for the second half, and we expect to convert a lot of that to orders. So overall, I'm very pleased with what we're seeing in PMT.

Can you say that again, Steve?

It is in line with overall PMT margin rates. Maybe a little bit south, but it's -- it isn't accretive or dilutive materially.

For sure. Yes, absolutely. Especially, I think the team is doing a tremendous job and further driving productivity in Smart Energy. I mean, they -- the HPS team really knows how to drive productivity well. The Smart Energy business, frankly, has an opportunity to do a lot of that. It's a projects business, [indiscernible] business, both areas that are very, very comfortable for HPS. And as you know, in the second half of last year, they had taken the business on and are already seeing progress, and there is much more to come. So they're far from done in terms of margin expansion in HPS.

And just to highlight that point that Greg just made, which is we have a structure, for the most part, not perfectly, but we're kind of regionally hub-oriented. So we have kind of a local-for-local sourcing, engineering, marketing supply chain base. So we're -- I wouldn't tell you we're not impacted, but we're a lot more prepared because of our global footprint and how we operate the business.

Thank you. I have full confidence that the strong performance we delivered for our shareowners in the first and second quarters will continue throughout the rest of the year. Our order rates are strong, our backlogs are growing, and we're realizing the benefits from our continued efforts to drive software and connected growth, productivity, commercial excellence and improve free cash flow. Honeywell is well positioned to continue to deliver, and I hope that is evident in both the second quarter performance and the commitments we made to you today.
Before we end, I want to take a minute to thank Tom Szlosek for all his contributions to the company. Tom has gracefully navigated the businesses and the finance organization through some pretty significant changes and challenges over the past 4 years. It has been a pleasure to have Tom on my staff and at the company for the past 14 years and wish him all the best in the future. Congratulations on a successful career, Tom.

On behalf of the entire Honeywell team, I wish you a pleasant rest of the summer. Thank you.