Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. In the past few months, we celebrated 2 significant milestones. First, we celebrated Honeywell's 100-year anniversary as a publicly traded company. We are proud of our longevity and long legacy of innovation. 
Since 1920, we have navigated the Great Depression, World War II, numerous political changes, the Great Recession, the emergence of disruptive technologies in every market we serve. The reason that Honeywell continues to thrive in all these years, plain and simple, has been our ability to adapt to an ever-changing world and to innovate. 
The long list of inventions from the last 100 years and our legacy innovation endures today. For example, we're transforming the way our customers do business through Honeywell Forge, a cloud-based operating model. We are helping the world cope and recover from the effects of COVID-19 pandemic through our new portfolio of healthy solutions. 
In addition, we recently announced a breakthrough in the early area of quantum computing via introduction of the system model H1, our next-generation quantum computer, which offers a proven quantum value of 128, the highest measured in the industry. We also announced new user -- new users, including DHL and Merck, which demonstrate the wide range of quantum computing use cases. 
The second milestone we celebrate was our return to the Dow Jones Industrial Average that S&P Dow Jones Indices announced in August. Honeywell's previous -- Honeywell was previously a Dow component from 1925 to 2008. Our return to the Dow 12 years later reflects years of consistent performance and our ongoing transformation to the world's premier software industrial company. We are proud and honored to rejoin the group of companies that comprise the Dow. 
Both of these milestones serve as timely reminders of our long legacy of innovation and performance. Throughout our over 100-year history, we have continuously risen to the occasion to meet challenges, invented new technologies. We're committed to continue our legacy of innovation to shape the future of the next century. 
Let's turn to Slide 3 to review our third quarter results. I'm very proud of our third quarter performance. We drove sequential improvements from the second quarter in sales, segment margin and adjusted earnings per share. Although the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact several of our businesses and end markets, we began to recover from second quarter lows through a laser focus on demand generation, operational execution, cost management and our COVID-related new solutions. 
We delivered adjusted EPS of $1.56 in the third quarter, down 25% year-over-year, a 15-point sequential improvement from adjusted EPS of $1.26 in the second quarter, which was down 40% year-over-year. Organic sales were down 14%, better than the more than 15% organic sales decline we expected in July and a 4-point sequential improvement from the 18% organic sales decline in the second quarter. 
Our cost plans delivered approximately $450 million of year-on-year benefits in the third quarter. These actions helped us protect margins, limiting our decremental margins in the third quarter to only 29%, an improvement from 33% in the second quarter. Segment margin contracted 130 basis points, also an improvement from the 280 basis point contraction in the second quarter, driven by another quarter of margin expansion in both Honeywell Building Technologies and Safety and Productivity Solutions. 
We generated $758 million of free cash flow, down from $1.3 billion in the second quarter. As we discussed in July, we expected these cash flow dynamics, which were the result of working capital reductions in the second quarter and higher repositioning cash outflows and CapEx growth investments in the third quarter. 
In terms of capital, we deployed approximately $1 billion of cash to dividends, growth CapEx investments and share repurchases. Additionally, we announced our 11th consecutive dividend increase, underscoring our commitment to returning value to shareowners even during the current economic downturn. 
Let's turn to Slide 4 to discuss our recent corporate development activity. I'm very excited about our recent announcements that we recently completed 2 acquisitions and established key partnerships to further drive innovation, strengthen our portfolio and invest in the future. 
First, we acquired Rocky Research, a technology leader specializing in thermal, energy and power management solutions. This acquisition will expand our broad existing Aerospace portfolio and position us with an advanced capability in a fast-growing power and thermal management market, which is critical to meet the growing needs for aircraft electrification, unmanned and autonomous aerial vehicles and related systems. 
We also acquired assets from privately held Ballard Unmanned Systems that extends our presence into the hydrogen fuel cell market for unmanned aerial systems and strengthens our urban air mobility product portfolio. Ballard Unmanned Systems designs and produces industry-leading stored-hydrogen proton exchange membrane fuel cell systems that power unmanned aerial systems or UAS. In addition to the creation of the new business unit specifically dedicated to these UAS/UAM market earlier this year, this acquisition is yet another example of our commitment to invest in our UAS/UAM breakthrough initiatives in a growing UAS market. 
I'm also pleased that we announced a new partnership between Honeywell and Microsoft that will reshape the industrial workplace. Honeywell Forge will integrate with Microsoft Dynamics Field Service to provide cloud-based predictive solutions to building owners and operators through closed-loop maintenance workflows, strengthening business continuity and improving operational efficiency. Moving forward, we're exploring more ways to bring innovation to customers by integrating Honeywell Forge Solutions with Microsoft Azure services such as Azure Digital Twins or Azure Edge capabilities. 
We also announced a partnership with Vertiv, a global provider of critical digital infrastructure and continuity solutions, to improve sustainability, resiliency and operational performance for data center operations across the globe. We look forward to collaborating with Vertiv to offer integrated solutions to make it easier for data center operators to distill the mountains of data they pull from their equipment into actions that create more efficient and environmentally friendly operations. 
The first offering from our partnership will be an intelligent power management solution that features an energy resource management and supervisory control system in a single integrated platform. In total, we expect these investments and partnership to drive over $1.2 billion of sales over the next 5 years. There's a lot of great progress, and I'm pleased by the momentum in these areas. 
Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 5 to discuss our third quarter results in more detail as well as to provide our views on the fourth quarter.

Thank you, Greg. Before we wrap up, I'd like to take a minute on Slide 9 to discuss an important topic: our commitment to a sustainable future, which is one of the key elements of our overall ESG story. At Honeywell, we believe a robust environmental, social and governance, or ESG, framework enables our long-term success. Despite the unprecedented challenges we have faced this year, our commitment to our ESG principles has not wavered. 
To the contrary, I believe our perpetual drive to strengthen the sustainability of our business and uphold the highest ethical standards has only fortified our resilience. Our commitment to ESG is centered on the protection of our people and the environment, achieving sustainable growth and accelerated productivity and developing technologies to expand the sustainability capacity of our world. 
As evidence, we established robust 10-10-10 ESG goals to achieve by 2024, and we closely monitor progress against these goals. Additionally, starting this year, as part of our continued focus on sustainability reporting, we're reporting in alignment with the SASB and TCFD framework. 
As you can see on the slide, we have already worked extensively to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, increase energy efficiency, conserve water and proactively restore former operations or predecessor company sites to produce community assets. Honeywell is uniquely positioned to shape a safer and more sustainable future. 
We continue to invent and develop technologies that provide our customers with adaptable and efficient solutions for their safety, energy and environmental needs. In fact, we focus approximately 50% of our new product research and development on solutions that improve environmental and social outcomes for our customers. Some of our challenges -- some of the challenges our technologies address includes sustainable refrigerants and aerosols, sustainable buildings and building safety, sustainable aviation and aviation safety, sustainable electric power, plant and personnel safety, sustainable freight and worker safety. 
We have also recently created a new business in PMT called Sustainable Technology Solutions to develop and commercialize new technologies that meet the growing demand for sustainable solutions, including plastics recycling, energy storage and renewable fuels. This technology will advance environmental sustainability, contribute to the expansion of our technology portfolio and accelerate long-term growth. 
Now let's wrap up on Slide 10. We continue to effectively manage through the ongoing challenges of this global pandemic and social and economic environment with the strong operational execution that is typical of Honeywell, driving sequential improvement from the second quarter in sales, segment margin and adjusted earnings per share. Our diversified portfolio, innovation culture and significant balance sheet strength continues to provide the resilience and ample capacity as we continue to set ourselves up for the recovery and beyond. 
We delivered double-digit growth in several parts of the portfolio, including Defense and Space, Intelligrated, personal protective equipment and recurring software. We are also continuing to invest in growth opportunities through M&A, partnerships and high-return CapEx. We are gaining traction on our innovative solutions that address the emerging customer needs. We continue to align our cost base with the current environment, and we are now on track to deliver $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion of cost savings in 2020. 
I am proud of the improvements we drove in the third quarter, while effectively managing to the current environment and have positioned ourselves well for the recovery through cost actions and growth investments. In addition, we remain committed to doing our part to ensure a sustainable future by protecting our people and the environment as well as developing technologies that improve the world's sustainability. 
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. I think in short, I think the story isn't any different. I mean we were very pleased that we're able to complete a couple of recent acquisitions. Although they're not enormous, they are meaningful. And as you can see, the impact in the longer term for our business is actually quite significant. It's $1 billion-plus. 
And I think you always have to put these kinds of acquisitions in place that, although may initially appear small, they're really building for the future, and these 2 are very much in that category. I would also tell you that our pipeline is very robust at the moment, probably in better shape than it's been in a long time. 
M&A environment is getting better. There's some real practical challenges to doing M&A because -- especially for international M&A. I mean to conduct due diligence is quite a challenge. I mean with the quarantines in place and travel, and as you can imagine, much of the due diligence team comes from corporate. So they're not necessarily local. 
So that's creating some challenges, but we're working through that. And we're looking at some things that are domestic as well as international. So I think we're going to continue to do that. 
As you've heard through our presentation today, we're recommitting to a 1% share count reduction, at least for the upcoming year. So it's sort of we're getting back to business, and the business is improving. 
We drove nice, I think, sequential progress from Q2. We're going to drive, again, strong progress into Q4. Our decrementals are now going to get down into the low 20s. I think that, that's a fairly good performance, given the cards we have dealt. 
And I think we're going to do what we always do, which is deliver for today, but also deliver for the future. And I think those 2 acquisitions we made earlier this month are indicative of that.

I think the sort of the business models, pricing, value models are still evolving, as you can imagine. I mean they can vary anything from -- we cover some part of the value that you create by solving the problem, which, frankly, is the model we would prefer, although it's a little more challenging to implement. But to leasing time and those kinds of structures and, early on, we're going to experiment. We're going to try it. 
I think the thing that's exciting about our quantum effort is twofold. The first thing is, as you saw yesterday, we're making very strong progress in terms of technology, and we believe we have the world's most advanced quantum computer. 
The second part, and I think this is maybe even more important, we're gaining more and more customers because the people are willing to pay for these services. So you can sort of make all sorts of claims, but if you can't secure customers and revenue, which we're now starting to do, I think that's a pretty good testament of saying that we have something real and differentiated and continue to gain momentum on the commercial side.

Yes. I believe that's true. Yes, that's correct.

Yes. And just maybe to add, Steve, I mean, yes, we were expecting sort of very, very modest improvement in Q4 and then continued improvement on a sequential basis. But that does presume some medical solution starting to get rolled out early in 2021, which, frankly, I don't think it's completely unrealistic based on what I've been reading. And I think it gives our Aerospace business actually a really nice long runway for the next 2 to 3 years as things ramp up. 
So given the adjusted cost base, I think this is actually a pretty positive thing. And I do want to note one thing about the cost because we've been going through something called Honeywell digital automation and so on. This is not just kind of a stupid rip out our cost just to reduce it. 
Much of what we've done is we just accelerated some of our initiatives that we're going to go do anyway. So I think that some of this is sustain a brand that's going to be offset somewhat by investments. But I think it's important to note that this is a bit of an acceleration of some of the initiatives that we were doing anyway.

Yes. I mean, I think -- think about an open pipeline in the $0.5 billion range in terms of some of our healthy buildings offerings, bookings in the kind of double-digit million range, mid-double-digit. We have a potential to approach triple -- $100 million-plus, hopefully, by the end of the year. 
So it's accelerating. It's something that everybody needs. I mean most -- at least in the U.S. and some other parts of the world, people are not back working in the workplace yet. But when they do come back, they do want to come back to a healthier environment. 
I think we're kind of hitting the spot there. And yes, the time to implement those solutions is now, not after people come back. So we're seeing good activity. And we're very encouraged by the year in progress.

Pipeline. Pipeline, Steve. Yes, that is right.

Yes. Nicole, just to add a couple of things. Number one is Q3 was at or slightly even above where we expected. So there's no surprise here, given the cash hit on the restructuring and the incremental investment in growth capital. So that's a key point. 
Second point is, as we get into Q4, although we have some headwinds from this extra pay cycles, we do expect our conversion to be over 100%, kind of get back that on track. So -- and we indicated that Q3 could be challenged, but we knew that we're facing these extra headwinds in terms of cash for, I think, good reasons. 
I mean one is investment in making the business more efficient, and the second investment was in growth capital. So really not a surprise at all to us where we ended our cash, probably a little bit even up from where we expected. 
And last comment on inventory is, as you can imagine, with a long-cycle business like Aerospace, as we kind of started tuning down our outlooks early in Q2, that takes a little bit of time to kind of get through the system. And we expected to see more benefit in terms of inventory reductions as we head into Q4 and beyond.

Yes. I mean, obviously, on your last point, yes. I mean, obviously, some of the Aerospace assets are probably at different value points that we have in a while. So from that perspective, it is appealing. 
Would have our priorities dramatically changed? I would say it's probably too early to tell because I'm not really ready to declare as to what the post-COVID world would look like. And I think we need to see a little bit of what that will look like. 
But I mean in terms of our levels of interest, I mean, they really vary across all our businesses, including HCE. And we envision a scenario where we're going to augment and do bolt-ons for all 5 of our businesses. 
So I wouldn't say it's changed dramatically. Obviously, the Aerospace segment is a bit more approachable from a valuation perspective currently.

Yes. I mean in terms of decrementals, I mean, I think we're expecting those across the business because as you can imagine, a lot of our cost action occurred Q2 and during Q3. So you didn't see the full benefit of those actions until the quarter ended, and that obviously rolls through into quarter 4. 
So we have a lot of confidence in those decrementals dropping into the low 20s from that 29% that you saw this year. That's -- I think we acted quickly, decisively and made those adjustments in our cost base, which, I think, is really going to pay off, not just in 2020, but 2021 and 2022. We really positioned the company well for the future, while still investing for the future, which, I think, is important because we need to do that in '21. 
Yes, so I think that the story is that we're very confident. Maybe one other thing I'll add before I turn it over to Greg here. We're bringing up a lot of capacity in our SPS business. We brought on a lot of capacity in Q3. We're bringing more on in Q4, both in expansion of capacity as well as really maximizing the efficiency of that capacity. Because as you can imagine, when you first bring capacity on board, it is not at its ideal efficiency the first or second month. That takes a little bit of time. 
But the good news here is that, as we get into 2021, not only will we get a substantial expansion in SPS capacity, we're also going to be much more efficient in processing the backlog that we have. And we're already starting to see that, even in this month, but we're still in the capacity expansion. I'll turn it over to Greg for more color.

Yes, a couple of points. First one is, yes, I think the part of PMT that's particularly challenged is our gas processing business because, as you know, the number of rigs and so on, that's way down year-over-year, and gas processing is down year-over-year. 
The other thing to keep in mind is that as the -- a lot of our customers, who are much of the oil and gas customers, was -- they announced their CapEx and OpEx cuts for the year. They're not likely to reverse those in 2020. 
I mean -- so we really don't expect to see an uptick this year. We expect an uptick next year as some of those budgets get normalized. And as you know, when you can't not invest in your infrastructure for too long, you're actually going to have crisis the other way, where your demand is going to dramatically reach flat. 
So we envision an incremental improvement. And obviously, there is an alignment to the overall economic conditions here that -- so as the world returns back to a little bit more of the normal, we also should see that pickup in PMT. The thing that I am very encouraged by is that we have not seen project cancellations. We've seen slide outs and push outs, but we have not seen cancellations. 
Frankly, when I was running the PMT business in '15 and '16, we saw probably more cancellations back then than we are now. So I think that, that's very encouraging. And I'm bullish on PMT for 2021 and beyond.

Yes. Just to add to that, Jeff, and I'd just echo what Greg said. I think that's exactly right. I mean we will drive margin expansion next year. That's -- there's no question about that. How much is still a little bit of a TBD. And that includes, by the way, the impact of those headwinds. So we are accounting for that. 
But we also have to invest in our future. And I think, particularly some areas of R&D, specifically Aero, HCE, Honeywell Digital, those are areas where we definitely want to invest in. And we're not through our planning cycle. 
But what we're going to try to do is offer a very compelling return for investors, while investing for the future. That's always the balance we're going to have, and we're going to do both. And we're pretty confident it's going to be a very compelling year for our investors, also a year where we're going to invest for the future.

Greg, can we expect -- can you repeat that? Because I didn't quite get it. Grow back to what kind of structure, Jeff?

Yes. Yes, I get you. Yes. I mean, yes, I mean -- yes. Thank you. Yes. So I think we're going to return to more normalized levels. I mean this is -- obviously, we pulled some things in that we will probably going to do later. We rationalized our cost structure because, frankly, we had to. I mean we -- that's what we were facing early in Q2, and we did do that. 
So I think as we look in 2021 and '22, I mean, we're going to return to a little bit more of a normalized level. But Jeff, as you know, this never wholly exits our playbook. I mean, in good times and bad, we'll always look for opportunities to be much more efficient. 
So yes, it's not going to be at the same levels as this year, but we still are executing our ISC transformation. We're still executing Honeywell Digital. That's going to be -- yes. So it's all going to continue to pay off in terms of productivity and efficiency. So hopefully, that helps.

No, no. That's not a target. That's where we are today. I mean that is not aspirational. That's currently where we are. 
And I want to point out something that's really, really important, which is we talked a little bit about it in our script is the formation of a whole new business unit, the sustainability business unit within PMT, which really is going to help a lot of our customers really make the transition to sort of the new energy future. So I mean, I think nobody is going to transition this in a month or a year or 2. 
But what we've done and what we're doing is really creating a whole sustainability infrastructure in PMT, and really all our business units, to create a business structure which is going to be much more sustainable, aligning with the needs of the planet and the society in general. I think it might be even the most needed in PMT, where a lot of our customers are really looking at what the future of energy looks like. And we want to be part of the solution to create that bridge.

Sure. No, I think your comment's right. In terms of the overall value and so on, in terms of Honeywell, I mean this is sort of not that relevant. I think you probably saw some of this. 
We -- frankly, there is an offer out there, which is compelling for Garrett. We have -- we're confident we're going to secure a majority of that cash flow. There's a superior offer on the table with a couple of the partners we have out there. We don't believe there is hardly merit in the litigation that Garrett is trying to put forward. 
And we have a level of confidence of preserving those future cash flows. And a lot of this will still kind of be in motion here for the next few months. But we have a lot of confidence in what we're doing there, and we think we're going to recover a majority of that receivable. 
I am pleased with the improvements we achieved in the third quarter compared to challenging second quarter. We are growing in areas not as impacted by the current pandemic, and we're gaining momentum in the new growth opportunities by providing innovative solutions for customer needs. 
We remain focused on continuing to perform for our shareowners, our customers and our employees in any environment. We are well positioned for the recovery, for a balanced portfolio, track record of execution and a strong balance sheet. 
Thank you for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.