Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. We're excited to be hosting our call this morning from Charlotte, North Carolina, which will officially become our corporate headquarters on August 1. It is an exciting time to be part of the Honeywell team as we continue to transform our business into a premier technology company with Charlotte as our home base.
Let's begin this morning on Slide 2. It was another very strong quarter for Honeywell. We again delivered on our commitments, generating earnings per share of $2.10, at the high end of our second quarter guidance, up 9%, excluding the impact of spin-offs in 2018. This strong earnings result was driven by organic sales growth of 5% and 170 basis points of segment margin expansion. 
Notably, our segment profit, excluding the spins, on a comparable basis for 2018 was up 9% this quarter and was the largest contributor of EPS growth. For the first half of 2019, organic sales growth reached 7%, which is a proof point to the investments we've made in our business, in our sales force and new technologies that are winning in the marketplace. 
We continue to see the benefits from our strong positions on key platforms in our long-cycle business aviation and the finance portfolios in Aerospace; in our warehouse automation business, which is up over 20% organically year-to-date and now generates approximately $2 billion in annual sales; in our Building Technologies business, which had another great quarter. 
Our Process Solutions and UOP businesses, which principally serve the oil and gas industry, also both grew 5% organically this quarter, as we continue to be encouraged by the progress we are making in the Honeywell Connected Enterprise, which drove double-digit organic sales growth of our software in the quarter. 
In fact, this quarter, we signed a framework agreement to deliver a Honeywell Forge asset performance management and improve the reliability and performance of over 1,000 industrial assets for a large Middle Eastern refinery.
Segment margin exceeded 21% in the second quarter, up 170 basis points, driven by smart portfolio enhancements we made in 2018, our investments in the commercial organization and the benefits of previously funded restructuring to improve our operations. Excluding the favorable margin impact from the spin-offs, segment margin expanded 80 basis points, which was 30 basis points above the high end of our guidance.
Building on the progress we have seen for several quarters, we delivered 100% free cash flow conversion, and we remain on path to approximately 100% for the second year in a row. I am encouraged by our progress in this area, and we remain focused on continuing to drive improvements in working capital.
We also continue to [ execute ] our capital deployment strategy, repurchasing $1.9 billion shares and closing 4 new Honeywell Ventures investments in the quarter, bring our total to 12 new investments in the first 2 years of the fund. 
As a result of our first half performance, we are raising the low end of our full year organic sales guidance by 1point to a new range of 4% to 6% and raising the low end of our full year earnings per share guidance to a new range of $7.95 to $8.15. We expect to generate approximately $6 billion in free cash flow for the year, so we have narrowed our free cash flow guidance to reflect this.
While we are encouraged by our performance this quarter, we are continuing to plan cautiously for the second half of the year, given the uncertain macro environment in which we operate. We've seen some slowing in certain short-cycle businesses that has been overcome by the strong performance in the rest of the portfolio. We think it is prudent to plan conservatively in the event of a broader slowdown, given that nearly 60% of our business is short cycle in nature. 
I'm very pleased by our performance in the first half. We still have substantial work to do to achieve our plan, but I'm confident that the team will continue to execute. 
I'll stop there and turn the call over to Greg, who will discuss our second quarter results and updated 2019 guidance in more detail.

Thanks, Greg. We are encouraged by the performance from our businesses thus far in 2019. We continue to execute on our commitments to share owners by generating strong organic growth in many end markets and have multiple levers to enable further margin expansion. Our operational performance is generating strong free cash flows and conversion while investing in the business to ensure we are well positioned for the future. 
I'm also encouraged by our progress with the business transformation initiatives we've discussed at our Investor Day, particularly given the -- because of the significant opportunity I see in these areas and the future of Honeywell. 
Let's be clear. We have a lot of work to do to execute these initiatives, but I continue to be excited by the energy enthusiasm I see across the employee population to move the ball forward and truly differentiate Honeywell from our competitors. 
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Well, let's maybe take that kind of 2 segments. So number one is we anticipated some level of destocking to occur. I mean, obviously, the distributor levels weren't supported by the level of business. So what we've projected for Q3 and Q4 is some level of moderation, but certainly a continuation of the trend in terms of softness in that end market as the destocking continues. Well, obviously, our plans are a bit better than that, but what I don't want to do is, in the short-cycle business, I don't want to be forecasting too aggressively and then end up disappointing. So that's kind of what we have baked in, particularly into the Q3 outlook, which is still negative and moderating a bit more into the Q4. Because one of the things we're trying to really assess -- and how much of this is market and how much of this is us. I mean, that's still unclear. Some of the early indications we had that the market is getting softer. But again, until we see all the data points and several competitors' reports and put all that -- piece all that together, we're really not sure. For now, we're going to assume it's us because I think I don't want to just say, "Well, it's the market. So we don't need to do anything." We -- I can tell you we have a very aggressive commercial program to address some of these challenges and to drive business at the end-user level.
The good news here on productivity products is this is not a technology issue. We actually have very good technologies. They've been successfully launched most recently in Q2 around our warehouse business and our [ TLC ], which is our strongest segment. So I'm very encouraged by that. So that's really the story on SPS, I should say, on productivity products.
In terms of Intelligrated, it's a very different story. Intelligrated has been growing by strong double digits like think well north of 20% on average for the last several quarters. And what's happening there is simply some of the orders that we expected in Q2 got pushed out a little bit. They're still out there. We expect to book them in Q3, Q4. We didn't lose them. I know that for a fact, and the business is going to continue to grow. And we're very bullish on the business, so there isn't a greater or different story here. The business is gaining share. It's performing extraordinarily well. We see a little bit of a blip in delay in terms of the order bookings, and that's what we accounted for in our outlook.

Yes. I mean, I think you have it right, Joe. I mean, it's, I think, LST for short-cycle, think MST to maybe even a touch higher for the longer cycle, depending upon those segments, but that's sort of the rough math. So the punchline is we are planning somewhat cautiously for the second half because the geopolitical and the economic movements are pretty volatile right now, and what we try to do is we try to guide that somewhat cautiously based on what we're seeing today, and the short cycle is somewhat unpredictable and can turn very quickly.

Yes. I'll take that one, John. I mean, I think overall, we were kind of pleased. I mean, I'll highlight a couple of things. For example, our PMT bookings in China were around 20% in Q2. So I mean, some real strengths. We had some tough comps, think flattish to slightly up for China for Q2, but that's driven by particularly some of the tough comps that we had in PMT. So I -- overall, I mean, I -- obviously, there's some level of concern for the China economy, but, overall, given the bookings we saw in PMT, that was strong. Europe stayed strong, think low to mid-single-digit for us, sort of some spotty in places. Germany was strong, Italy not so much, but overall fairly good growth rate for us. Middle East was very, very strong. We're very encouraged by that. India was up double digit, very strong growth there, LatAm doing well. So for the most part, we're still seeing pretty good growth around -- across the globe granted China maybe wasn't what it was last year but also not a complete meltdown and move downward. So overall, we're still encouraged by what we're seeing out there.

Yes. Well, I think -- John, I think that's the highlight -- that's maybe one of the highlights of the quarter. I think we really invested in our future this quarter. We had some very, very attractive restructuring projects, and we wanted to make sure we fund them because we probably could have delivered even higher EPS result in Q2 if we didn't fund those. But we thought it was prudent, particularly in this level of economic uncertainty to fund those restructuring projects now, particularly given the kind of paybacks we saw in those.
But the real answer to your question is, I guess, it all depends upon how much of an economic hit we would take. We're kind of protected to the levels we're forecasting. If those economic cycles are deeper than that, then obviously we'd have to do more. So it's a bit of a wild ride as you can see right now with sort of new news items coming every day. But we do what we do all the time, which is we plan cautiously [Audio Gap] work productivity. And if the environment is worse than we anticipate, then we're going to take another round of cost actions to offset those.

Yes. I'm sure -- let's start with Intelligrated. I'm not sure there's a single cause for that. Some of these projects are fairly substantial from a capital perspective. And there's timing around Board meetings and so on, but we have an indication from our customers that these projects will happen. So I don't anticipate that will result in cancellations. The timing is always unpredictable on large projects. We expect some of those to land in Q3. It wouldn't shock me if they land in Q4, but they're not disappearing, and they're not being canceled.
In terms of the large projects, I mean, PMT had pretty good booking quarters overall. It was stronger in UOP than it was in HPS. We're seeing something somewhat similar on the large projects per se. Those are getting -- sliding to the right a little bit. But we saw some other strong bookings, particularly on the shorter cycle, some of our services build business, our advanced solutions, our software businesses. So it's been a bit of a mixed story when it comes to larger projects. Maybe perhaps those are sliding a little bit to the right, but our backlog grew. Our bookings were good in PMT, and we anticipate pretty strong second half of the year.

Well, I think all short cycle isn't the same. I mean, as we look at HBT, I think our short cycles actually stayed fairly strong. I mean, I think the results speak for themselves. It's been a really good first half for our HBT business, and we actually are expecting that to continue into Q3. The business is doing very, very well.
On SPS, it's the productivity products issue that we talked about earlier. I can't really necessarily point to price. I mean, as the market is softer, pricing becomes more of a challenge. Some of that is definitely true, but I don't want to point at competition that this is necessarily any kind of a pricing thing. I mean, yes, there's greater level of competition when markets get softer, that's true.

Yes.

Yes. yes.

Yes, yes. I think let me start taking this. I think in terms of a lot of our ISC transformation, I can't -- we are in the -- we're not even in the top of the first. We're -- I mean, we're just kind of -- we're grabbing the bat at this juncture. So that's something that you're going to see a lot more pronounced really in 2020 and beyond. We're just getting started. So I'm not going to tell you there's a lot attributed to the ISC transformation. You probably shouldn't expect much until 2020 and beyond. In terms of Forge and our software play, I think really the best way to measure that business is growth. That's sort of the single biggest metric I use. And is it profitable growth? And I was very pleased with what we're seeing, double digits software growth, margin that's accretive to Honeywell, margin that's very attractive, and we're gaining traction. We're winning jobs. We pointed to the large Middle East win that we had, which is very large in scope. And our customers trust us, so I'm very pleased with the strategic progress we're making. But our measures are typically financial in nature because you can make yourself feel good by looking at actions, we look at financials. And especially for Forge and Connected Enterprise, ultimately, we look at the growth rates. And they've been double digit, which is good, which is around expected.

It's after the completion and turning over the project over to the user. Because a lot of times, we'll get the service contract as soon as the job's completed. I mean, yes, and granted there's some things that are on warranty, but we're trying to have the same approach with the Intelligrated business as we do with our HPS business, where we have these longer cycle, the assurance 360 type of contracts. And we've had great traction in that, over 20% growth in Q2. And this -- by the way, this I'm not indicating any kind of a slowdown in this business. I don't think we can expect the 20-plus percent growth rates that we've seen, but we think that this is going to be a high single digit to double digit growth kind of business. But what we've seen that although the push-outs of the orders, although disappointing, the good news in the -- and the fact that our strategy is working is this, which is our services business was up over 20%, enabled that, that business to have an accretive margin to what it had last year. And the strategy we're trying to execute is working. Unfortunately, we can't control the timing of when these orders land, but I can tell you that they're not due to losses.

To be honest, Scott, I hope not for a while, right? Because that means that our project cycle is slowing. But it's a bit of a function. Still the projects business is the predominant component in that business. So what would have to occur is the services business, they're already growing at over 20%. The projects business slowed a little bit this past quarter. I actually hope that we get more of the project, and I think that will happen. I don't think that this is now the sign of the warehouse automation segment is slowing. I think that this could be a blip for a quarter or 2. And it will resume, but that's really kind of how things will work is ultimately the projects business will slow down. I don't think that's necessarily now. And the [ LSS ] is going to become a bigger growth component of the business. We kind of saw a little bit of a preview of that in Q2, but I don't think that's a long-term trend yet.

Yes. Well, I think, Steve, let me kind of maybe start the second comment, and then I'll turn it over to Greg. In terms of SPS and more specifically productivity products, I think we called that out both in our Q1 earnings report, and John talked about it at our Investor Day. I think that we were pretty clear that this is going to be another quarter where we're going to see destocking and some challenges on sort of commercial. So I think that -- was this a little bit greater than we anticipated? Yes. Was -- did we signal it? I think we did. And we maybe specifically didn't talked about it at EPG, but we certainly did at our Q1 earnings call, and John talked about it specifically at Investor Day. So I'm not sure that we're shocked by what we saw. It's like I said, a little bit more pronounced than we anticipated, but not totally out of whack with our expectations.

Yes, I mean -- yes, I think that's right, Steve, this story is really about productivity products. That was the -- yes, we -- that was what we signaled. It was a little bit worse than we thought. It wasn't a good outcome, and it was down for the quarter . So it was a little bit down that -- more down than we thought. Some of that is my guess, although I want to emphasize I don't know yet because I always assume it's our issue, not a market issue. I think there was obviously some issues in the market and the market slowing. We've had some early data points which would indicate that and some commercial execution things that we need to fix as well as really the destocking thing was the biggest factor is, frankly, the inventory levels really exiting 2018 are unsupported by the business levels. And some of our distributors are taking actions to do that. So that's really -- it's really kind of the negative story. It's not -- you're right. It's not widespread. It's predominantly limited to one business, which didn't have a great Q2.

That's right, yes.

You got cut off in the beginning.

Yes. I mean, I think that's -- that margin growth is really a testament to the execution prowess of the Aerospace team. And a lot of our strategies are working. I think sometimes we forget that our software business isn't just in Honeywell Connected Enterprise, it's also in our avionics franchise. And that group has done a tremendous job in really shifting its focus through RMUs and upgrades, enhancements. And we saw the benefits in that because it obviously has accretive margin rates. They've done a great job of driving productivity in the business. So although this is that ultimate combination, we also want to see which is you drive productivity while getting good growth. And you really expand the margins. Obviously, focus on the Connected Enterprise and Connected Aircraft is helping margins as well, good growth on spares. The BGA market is very, very strong right now, both in terms of OE and aftermarket. It's a testament to a lot of the great wins we've had on the platforms, but also in supporting our customers on flight. So overall, and then lastly, but surely importantly, Defense & Space has just been on fire. And just about any segment you want to look we've been there. Whether it's helos, whether it's the U.S. international defense, all those segments are doing well. And I think this is really an important fact, Jeff, that as we look from now through the end of 2020, end of 2020, we have more than 50% of the business already booked. So we're really in a really nice shape as we look into the future.

I mean, no, I don't. And I think as Greg pointed out in his -- I mean, I don't -- and I know we received some interesting press on this subject, but we have seen no indication from the China authorities that there are any sanctions coming our way. We have received no sanction. I think I'll point to a couple of things. Number one is we received our first JetWave order in China, and which is very promising. I mentioned that PMT bookings in China were very, very strong in Q2. China is an important market for us. We play it locally. We have a lot of manufacturing, a lot of R&D facilities in China. It's a market that we take great pride in serving local for local, and we expect that to continue.

Yes. And just to maybe to add to that, actually, if you look at June, it's -- on a year-over-year organic growth basis, it was our best month. Now granted you saw some softness in SPS, which was pronounced, and that's why we have a bit more of a cautious guide for Q3. That's really the reason, is we're not expecting a miraculous turnaround in SPS in Q3. We -- with some of the softness we saw in June, we actually anticipate may continue, and that's why you see our guide. But overall, if you look at total Honeywell organic, June, on a year-over-year basis, was actually our best month of the quarter.

Yes. I mean, if you're referring to productivity products, which I think there's kind of 2 different components, we don't expect a major turnaround here in Q3. Like we said, we still expect that to be negative for Q3 and some level of moderation in Q4. As it -- when it comes to Intelligrated, we're still expecting high single digit, double digit growth for the year. Q3 is a little bit dependent upon exactly when we land some of the orders, but think about we're now getting into the tougher and tougher comps, so we're thinking about single digit kind of growth rate for the second half. But again, just to be clear, that's depending upon when those orders come because we're ready to execute those, and we have every indication that they'll land. Obviously, getting those sooner in Q3 would be better. Getting them later or pushed out [ to Q4 ] would be worse. And that's a little bit tough to predict, but I'm very bullish on our ability to secure those orders when they do land. That I'm not that concerned about.

Yes. I would say this. There's probably a little bit of that of where you had more sort of older aircraft flying vis-à-vis, so -- but that's not going to have the kind of dramatic impact on our results. So I wouldn't say that that's really the cause and effect. I think as long as the air miles stay strong, as long as the economy stays in reasonable shape, and people continue to fly business aircraft and buy business aircraft, Defense & Space business, like I said, we're already more than half booked for the next 18 months. Things can always change. But overall, we're not -- this is not an area where we're concerned. And we should have very good visibility to Q3 and Q4. Obviously, this is a long-cycle business. Short cycle continues to look strong. So overall, I don't think that this is some kind of a blip or unusual event here in Q2. I think this is evidence that our strategies are working and that the aero team is executing.

Yes. Like you said, hindsight's always 2020. I mean, I think they have the distributors, to some extent, play the same role we do, is they want to be prepared for good markets and they want to be prepared to sell out products. So could you say that they took on a bit more inventory than they should have? Well, yes. I mean, in hindsight, that's sort of -- that's clearly the case. And yes, and you're right, we are watching days of inventory. We are bringing that down. It came out in Q1. It came down in Q2. We're planning to -- begin to come down in Q3 and get it to a much more lower level. That's really kind of if we want to kind of focus around the punch -- negative punchline of the quarter. And overall, I think this was a very strong quarter for Honeywell. But if we want to focus on the negative, which is fair, that's really the punch line, is we've got to get those inventory levels moderated to levels that our distributors are comfortable with. And we planned that for the first half, got a little bit more to do in Q3, and we'll see around Q4. Obviously, the variable, we don't know is sales out because if that goes up, then we have less of a problem. It goes down, well, we'll have more work to do. So that's sort of -- so short answer is, yes, we're monitoring it, and we're going to have to be very closely watching it here for, well, forever, but certainly for the second half of this year.

I want to thank our share owners for their trust and support of Honeywell. We have made great strides in 2019, but we still have a long runway to continue our progress. We are focused on continuing to outperform for our share owners, our customers and our employees. This quarter marks the start of a new era for Honeywell in Charlotte, North Carolina, and I could not be more excited about what lies ahead for this company. Thank you all for listening, and have a wonderful, relaxing and safe rest of the summer. Take care. Thank you.