Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team produced record results in Q1, demonstrating our traction within the increasingly vibrant and profitable mobile and IoT ecosystems. 
During the quarter, we exceeded $1 billion in revenue and delivered $2 in earnings per share, driven by strong global demand for our high performance connectivity solutions.
Let me begin with a few Q1 highlights. We generated revenue of $1.05 billion, up 15% year-over-year. We expanded gross margins to 51.4% and operating margin to 39.4%. We achieved record earnings per share, up 24% year-over-year and $0.09 ahead of consensus. And finally, we exceeded our free cash flow margin goal of 30%.
In addition to our strong financial performance, we continue expanding our design win pipeline. Our system solutions are enabling everything, from industrial robotics, to drones, autonomous vehicles, wireless infrastructure, home security and virtual assistance.
Last quarter, we broadened our reach across a number of leading mobile and IoT customers. In mobile, we secured strategic design wins, leveraging our fully integrated solutions, including SkyOne, SkyBlue as well as DRx, power management and precision antenna tuning.
Across broad markets, we enabled telematics in support of a leading automobile manufacturer, delivered LTE capabilities within Amazon's newest Kindle and Alexa-based platforms; deployed connectivity engines for Google's new Home Max wireless speakers; developed feature-rich ZigBee and Bluetooth modules for Nest's new connected-home alarm systems; secured multiuser MIMO design wins at Linksys, tripling home data rates; supported NetGear's Orbi WiFi system for outdoor mesh networks; we partnered with Comcast on their premium high-performance XB6 home gateway; and finally, in our infrastructure markets, we secured a number of massive MIMO wins with carriers across Europe and China.
So to summarize, we delivered record financial results, captured strategic design wins across all key markets and substantially strengthened our balance sheet. At a higher level, the ubiquitous connected economy is gaining significant momentum and enhancing the way we live, work and educate.
The Skyworks' vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time is more relevant than ever. This vision is the catalyst behind our recently launched Sky5 platform. Our Sky5 solutions address new 5G spectrum, enhanced carrier aggregation, dual connectivity and massive MIMO requirements, while delivering unmatched levels of integration and performance.
The deployment of our Sky5 platform accelerates our mission to enable the data-driven world, while alleviating the digital traffic jam created in current 4G networks. 5G is critical to resolving this challenge, opening entirely new lanes of spectrum. 5G will represent a significant boost in speed, up to 100x that of 4G networks. 5G will offer extremely low latency, a requirement for mission-critical applications such as the driverless car, machine-to-machine and robotics. 5G will also be a major catalyst to the expansive rollout of IoT, greatly expanding network capacity and improving reliability.
As a leader in unwiring the planet, Skyworks is well positioned with extensive technology, depth and breadth, strategic partnerships with all leading smartphone and IoT customers, differentiated system solutions, enabling unmatched levels of integration and performance, all of which is underpinned by the formidable investments we've made over the past 2 decades: expanding our product portfolio, IP and scale.
As a result, we have the profitability, cash flow and balance sheet to extend our leadership position. Our strategic R&D and CapEx investments will be pivotal as the scale and technology requirements around 5G intensify.
Finally, and most importantly, we are committed to delivering premium levels of profitability with above-market growth as we continue to create shareholder value.
I will now turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q2.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks enters 2018 with strong momentum. Our outperformance is being driven by a vibrant, dynamic mobile ecosystem, one that rewards companies who can resolve architectural complexity with simplified, integrated solutions. 
The value inherent in the connected economy is apparent in our results. Over the past 5 years, our revenues have more than doubled, EPS has more than tripled and our operating cash flow is up 5x.
Our strong cash generation is allowing us the flexibility to continue to invest to win while substantially increasing our targeted cash return to shareholders.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure. This is Liam. Yes, I mean, if you look at the business today, we posted $1.50 billion in Q1 with a solid design win signature. That design win signature carries into Q2, albeit some of the units here with some significant flagship accounts were lower. As you start to move into the second half, there's a new set of products and a new set of design wins that we've consummated that will accelerate our business in the second half. So it's really some unique technologies that we brought forth to some leading customers and there's some broad market activity, but the second half is actually quite visible to us right now based on known design wins and then the continued run rate and on some of our broad markets business.

Sure. Yes. we do think that's it's a 10% to 15% opportunity and we're pursuing that with vigor and success, quite frankly. And if you look out in the 5G, we'll start to see early indications of 5G in the 2019 platforms, more so in 2020. And as we've articulated in the past, what you're going to see, which is great for the industry, is the 5G platform. Our Sky5 will be an addendum to the 4G engine. So you're going to see new technologies, new frequency bands, new devices addressing the 5G spectrum in addition to having backward compatibility to 4G and even some 3G.

Sure. Yes, I mean, as I just mentioned, the design win signature, specifically with the premium flagship models, have been cemented in the December quarter and imputed in our $1.50 billion. And so what you've got in the March quarter are fewer units for the flagship which weighed on us. And to some degree, we were able to offset that naturally through growth in broad markets, which is up year-over-year in March. And also China hasn't been great, but it will actually be modestly up for us again in March. So our March quarter, a little bit of recovery in China. Broad markets, steady, taking some weakness from flagship customers, and all of that nets out into our guidance.

Yes, it will be up in the March quarter, Blayne. And it continues, we think -- I know you mentioned something about June. June should be okay there as well for broad.

Yes, I mean, it's both. It's certainly -- one of the things to remember is that the portfolio that we provide evolves year-over-year. It's been happening forever. There really hasn't been any stagnation there. So we are seeing an increasing demand and burden on the technology. There's been performance-driven solutions that require really creative, elegant, differentiated product. It's great for us. It allows us to really kind of flex our muscles and technology, leveraging our TC SAW capability, our in-house gallium arsenide, our switching, our packaging in Mexicali, all of that. So we're seeing share gains in an evolving set of products that maybe 2 or 3 generations ago have grown up to be more and more rich in content, richer in value. And then we're also expanding into new areas completely. So we're doing more things in antenna tuning. We're expanding in GPS. We're starting to develop higher-band solutions, in some cases, with customers. So it's really all of the above that will put us in great position for the second half.

No, that's a great question, and it does not, actually. We have great position with both Intel and Qualcomm. And if you go into Asia, you'll see us lined up with HiSilicon at Huawei, you'll see us lined up with MediaTek. So we're able to work with all of the above. And again, we have real diversity there with our partnerships. And certainly, there's going to be some companies that do better on the baseband side, and we're right along on track with that.

Sure, I'll start with the competitive landscape. I mean, certainly, what we see in the market today is our customers are facing an incredible opportunity in bringing higher-speed connectivity to the market and moving in into 5G. But it's also a more burdensome challenge for them. So they're selecting suppliers that can do more and suppliers that can resolve this challenge. There's so much interference and crowded spectrum and work to be done to make these great products actually execute and perform in the market. So what's been beneficial for us, Tony, is to have the building blocks, have the capability to do very high-performance TC SAW, stretching all the way to 2.5 gig, covering a lot of spectrum. The ability to bring our crafted gallium arsenide, our assembly and test unique architectures and filters of any nature, to bring that solution, and the configurability that we offer account-by-account has been quite important. So that's something I don't see across the peer group. It's something that we've been [ rewarded ] with. And as Kris mentioned earlier, we're making the investments. We are investing offensively in our technologies to ensure that we can take care of what's on the table today and also be with our customers as we move into 5G.

Sure. Sure Craig. Yes, so we're going through a March quarter where mobile has been a bit challenged on a unit basis more so, I would say. As we get into June, we don't have all of our signals completely aligned on June, but I certainly expect it to be up for the company in total. Broad markets will play a role in that. And I think mobile should also be okay in June, probably up a bit.

Yes. We do think we can sustain. There's just so many more customers and opportunities that we haven't addressed in that space. And mobile is a great business for us. We do see tremendous growth in that market. We know where the dollars are, and we've been very efficient at pursuing those. In broad markets, we're growing mid-teens, but there's a lot of opportunity that we haven't addressed. We continue to pursue it. I'm very pleased with the portfolio that we offer from WiFi to ZigBee to Bluetooth. We're starting to see 11ax technologies rolled out in some of these advanced access points and routers. We mentioned some of the applications in the prepared remarks. Automotive is becoming more and more critical for us, leveraging LTE modules and will certainly be a driver into 5G. So the fact that we have this very, very broad spectrum of connectivity solutions really lends itself well to that diverse applications that we see across broad markets. So that's one of the important parts. And there is only so much blue sky there that we really should expect to be growing mid-teens for the foreseeable future.

Well, we're still working on a number of technologies and solutions to drive higher frequencies and to address 5G, and that's what our Sky5 platform is going to do. In the filtering technology, we have the opportunity to pursue just about every type of filter that we would need. Some of those will be in-house; some will be through partnerships.

Sure, Kris. Well, as you said, we have a discerning view on M&A. Certainly, if the right opportunity presents itself, we're in great position to execute. Our cash balance is strong. Our free cash flow margin is strong. We got some great attributes in our business model that provides powder. So we're not taking that off the table. But again, we still want to be sure that shareholders understand that the capital allocation that we outlined today is aggressive. We have 100% the ability to deliver that. We announced $1 billion buyback as well. So there's a lot of good things happening on that end. But M&A is always something that we look at. But day-to-day, we're driving this business and we like the opportunities in front of us.

Sure, sure. So I would say that the Korean customer is up in March. China is just about flat to up a bit. And China had been a faster grower for us in the middle of the year, cooled off a bit in Q1. And right now, going into Q2, we've got them roughly flattish. We have the Korean customer up year-over-year -- I'm sorry, in March quarter.

Sure. Yes, I'll try to give you a little color on really what we can glean today. I will tell you that the second half of the calendar, and more so even the fiscal and calendar, both, you're going to see accelerating gains in mobile. We have some really powerful design wins that have been cemented, and it's just a matter of time for those to actually make it into our P&L. So that we know. Broad markets, we see a steady path to mid-teens. So I think if you model that in that level, kind of a 15%-ish kind of number through the balance of the year, that's kind of where we see it. And there's a lot of diversification in broad markets. We tend not to see the kind of seasonality that we do see in mobile. And there's a very broad design win footprint across those customers. So mobile is definitely going to be stronger in the back half of the year with known design wins. Broad market, with our current business and growing opportunities, we see as a mid-teen grower.

Yes, no, that's a great question. It's certainly our belief that 5G will be yet another catalyst in mobility. And it's clearly, it's necessary as for all the reasons that we talked about in the prepared remarks and you've heard in our Sky5 presentation. So we know what that needs to happen. We're going to play a pivotal role. We're working with the right thought leaders and customers that are shaping the architectures. We're very much aligned, so we're looking forward to that. But I still think that what we're seeing in today's SAW models, there's great stuff here, there's great content. And the units are down a little bit, but in the second half, I think, we're going to see some catch-up. And then going into 2019 and beyond, you're going to start to see 5G become more and more apparent in architectures and it will be a steady roll over several years before we get the whole market to upgrade.

Yes, no, that's a great question. And I'm going to dovetail back a bit into the margin element, too. I mean, one of the other really critical pieces of the margin fabric is really our integration technology, just as you outlined. So the complexity and the challenge in mobility requires suppliers to act differently and find opportunities to really help the customer, right? If we don't help our customer win, no one is going to win. So we do a lot of work on building these crafted integrated solutions. We started with SkyOne. It took a while for that to get air speed, but it's become our dominant transmit chain solution that goes from mid -- low-band to mid-band to high-band. We've dovetailed that with resolving another problem, on the receive chain in developing our DRx solution, again, leveraging our filters, leveraging LNA technology and a unique craftsmanship that we can deliver through Mexicali. So we see that continued. That creates also a margin opportunity because it presents tremendous value to the customer and it creates a lot of competitive barriers with our peers. That's been helpful. As we start to move out along the curve into higher frequency and into the domain of 5G, the landscape gets even more difficult and more challenging. Fewer companies can put these pieces together. So our ability to go from crafted gallium arsenide, partnerships in SOIs, filter technology, in-housing, growing, and then that ability to configure with our own assembly and test, all of that is really unique. Figure out how to work with every baseband supplier, we do that. We get with the best and the brightest and it comes together. It's not easy, but that's the recipe that's been working for us.

Well, yes. I mean, barring any specific customers, we see a robust market share position for low-band PAD. We also see that product really growing and its reach of technology expanding bands, for example, and delivering higher performance output power to milliamp level performance. So that continues to be an increasingly important product for the industry. We expect to populate that through a number of Tier 1 large-scale players.

4x4 is increasing. Right now, I think we're in the early innings and stepping through that increased performance. We're seeing it with some of the high-performance flagship models. It's starting to become apparent on kind of the roadmaps for the mid-tier customers. But it's another opportunity. I mean, it greatly expands the RF content for all players. But to the point of integration that we talked about in the last few questions, bringing those solutions together kind of in an intricate, size-reduced manner that allows the greatest performance without degradation of signal, I think, is key. So 4x4 isn't just simply putting in more and more radio. It's really about architecting them so that they work in unison at a higher level.

Yes, I mean, the low-band PAD is not a new product for us, but we are, again, raising the performance level each and every year. So what would be launching and being delivered in the second half of '18 is very different than what you'd see in '17 or '16. And it's a product that we see extended reach, as I mentioned. We see this going across multiple customers. There are a few critical ones where it's going to be more of a driver, but for our business right now, it's one of our most important architectures. We're delivering now also mid-band and high-band solutions. If you flip it to the receive side, DRx is kind of following the same chain, where we started with a low band DRx, we're moving to mid and high there. So you've got both sides. You got transmit and you have receive side that will benefit from some of these newer architectures and, of course, low-band PAD. It's been mentioned a few times. And that's to be a key product for us as always.

Yes. Well, listen, I looked at our outlook and the design wins that I know that we've consummated. We feel really good about the second half. We feel really good. I mean, there's going to be competition. This is a growing market that we play in, and there's opportunities for others. But we feel very confident of what we've won. And a lot of the technology you're going to start to see here in the second half, calendar and fiscal.

Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences and events during the quarter. Thanks again.