Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Before I touch on the fourth fiscal quarter results, I want to highlight the significant accomplishments that underpin a record-breaking year for Skyworks. First, total revenue grew to $5.1 billion, 52% ahead of last year, representing an increase of over $1.7 billion.
We increased earnings per share to $10.50, up 71%. Operating cash flow expanded to $1.8 billion, an increase of 47%, and we completed a strategic and compelling acquisition, immediately diversifying our product portfolio and expanding our market reach. Finally, with the investments we've made, Skyworks navigated a complex supply chain environment, leveraging world-class manufacturing capabilities across strategic technology.
Now turning to Q4, where Skyworks delivered record performance. Revenues in our mobile and broad markets portfolios both grew at double-digit rates sequentially and year-over-year as we capitalized on broad-based momentum, fueled by demand for our unique connectivity solutions.  Specifically, we delivered revenue of  -- $1.31 billion, achieved gross margin of 51% and operating margin of 37.2%. We posted earnings per share of $2.62, exceeding our guidance by $0.09 and generated strong operating cash flow totaling $398 million in the quarter.  
The complexity inherent in 5G and the demand for highly integrated solutions were a major catalyst in driving our performance. The momentum in global 5G carrier subscription is building with estimates of 580 million users today, expanding to more than 3 billion users by the end of 2025.
As expected, smartphones are leading the early transition but new innovative use cases are emerging from automotive and industrial IoT, to enhance virtual reality, gaming and telemedicine.   Importantly, the power of 5G is increasingly being harnessed to drive sustainability efforts across industries worldwide, providing the wireless backbone to AI-powered ecosystems, combining measurement, analysis and optimization.  
For example, a major U.S. manufacturer is combining wireless sensor-enabled cameras with artificial intelligence to reduce chemical usage by 90%. And a European start-up is deploying wireless climate sensors and agricultural applications to drive crop yields up to 3x.
Looking ahead, 5G has the capacity to manage diverse connections across industries as it becomes the universal connector from the home to the office to the factory floor and to the farm. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this transformation with decades of connectivity leadership. The acceleration of 5G powered a broad set of use cases in Q4 with design wins encompassing the newest, most innovative smartphones and IoT devices, as well as gains in wireless infrastructure.
Specifically, in mobile, we accelerated the reach of our Sky5 portfolio, powering the latest launches at leading Tier 1 smartphone OEMs supporting more than 20 platforms. In addition, we shipped Sky5 solutions across Samsung Galaxy's tablet portfolio.  
In IoT, we continue to gain new customers and expand content. We delivered 5G CPE connectivity solutions to Nokia. We partnered with Swisscom to launch their WiFi 6 GPON residential gateway.  We ramped WiFi 6 and 6E platforms at NETGEAR and Cisco. Launched connectivity and home security devices with Amazon, Ring and Comcast, and captured design wins at Garmin supporting mobile fitness applications.  
In automotive, we supported autonomous driving systems with a market-leading Robotaxi platform and enabled advanced Charge Control Unit systems for a Tier 1 European automotive OEM. 
Across the infrastructure markets, we provided power isolation solutions to a strategic manufacturer of EV including residential solar and energy storage systems, and we secured multiple design wins in next-generation MIMO and small cell base station installations.
Moving ahead, we see a multiyear secular technology evolution with our aperture widening from smartphones to industrial, automotive and an expansive set of IoT devices.   Skyworks is fueling this dramatic technological shift with our unique capabilities, integrating not only 5G, but increasingly with our other critical connectivity protocols, including high-performance Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and precision GPS.  
As these opportunities emerge, Skyworks is positioned to win. With the breadth and depth of our customer relationships established over 20 years, our experience across multiple technology transitions and a dedicated and talented workforce that executed extraordinarily well during fiscal 2021. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks' record financial performance demonstrates our ability to capture robust demand across a diverse set of customers and end markets. Our execution has been powered and fortified by deep customer relationships, coupled with decades of investments with a square focus on execution and best-in-class performance.
Looking ahead, Skyworks will continue to strategically invest in next-generation technologies and capital expansion, positioning us for market leadership and sustainable growth as a transition to 5G and other advanced connectivity technologies accelerates. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Yes. I mean, to reiterate Kris's comments, we continue to catalyze our broad market portfolio, gaining customers, gaining content, moving into new industries. The customer roster continues to get better and stronger, names like Honeywell, names like Ford, looking at some of the players that we see in the infrastructure space with Nokia and others and plenty of room to grow from there.
So good work in broad markets. As Kris noted, we've got some substantial top line. We're going to continue to drive that. Our research and development folks are driving innovation every day, not just in broad but also deeply in mobile. And that recipe is working very well. 
In addition, the manufacturing assets that we have and the technology development that we put forth really gives us the flexibility to hit each and every one of those customers in a way that they want to see the products.

Sure. Sure, Harsh. Appreciate it. Yes. Well, as you know, we've been a player in China for years and have been able to navigate the ecosystems and the platforms regardless of baseband partnerships. And that continues. So we've got a great position with the OVX portfolios, continuing to drive them up into the 5G lanes, which brings content up for us. The business has been very solid for us.
Now we know there's tremendous upside given the low base relatively in China smartphone. So we're certainly well positioned to navigate through that. We definitely have the technology that is needed to make that lift in China.  And our numbers there continue to look very strong. So it's a great part of the portfolio.  It definitely is an opportunity to kind of enrich the technology within those phones. They're still a little bit lighter than some of the flagships that we have in the U.S.  But we have to know how to do it.  
The other thing about the China market is they want integration. They want labs to fast types of products. They want our applications engineers. They need people that can make the job easier for them and fulfill a smooth transition to the consumer. So all that stuff around the edges, that's our bread and butter. So we are a great advocate there, and we're a great partner to those OEMs.

Yes. I mean the China market is important to us and we've played that quite well. We have great partnerships with all the leading brands. I think the key here, and Kris kind of mentioned it, it's all about performance. It's not just -- it's not phone to phone, it's technology to technology. And you see a very, very different technology in the higher-end players in China, where they are embracing the kinds of increasingly complex signals that Kris mentioned, using bulk acoustic wave, using our TC-SAW, using an integrated approach, a Sky5 approach.
In that side of the field, it's great, and we have a tremendous opportunity. We're continuing to grow the content because the complexity is going up. The complexity is what's driving the content. So we're making that adoption happen rapidly depending -- independent of market conditions. And we're also trying to uplift the lower end. There's still a pretty high percentage of lower-end phones in China that we want to uplift and bring them to full 5G capability. 
And in those cases, you could have a $2 to $3 content that could move to $4 to $5. And so there's pretty good leverage on that side. So you've got multiple market focuses within China. We're able to address all of them from the highest to the most economical. And that's one of the strategies that's worked for us. And very often, the first phone that we may work with a customer, we'll have that customer for 5 to 10 years and continue to move the dial on content and performance as we step along.
So it's really a strategy around bringing the best technology to the customer and having that be enjoyed and celebrated by the end user.

Okay. We'll try to unpack that one at a time. With respect to our ability to execute and deliver in cases maybe where some others were not able to do that, is really about investments that we've made and investments that we made early. So if you let me indulge here for a minute, go back to where we were a year ago. we went from $3.3 billion to $5.1 billion in 1 year, in 1 year with no M&A. How do we do that? Well, we made those investments months and months, 6 to 12 months before to ready ourselves to win. 
And also knowing that we have the right customer set that appreciated the performance and technology that we could bring to the market. And so that worked great for us, and we executed tremendously. So the upside to that is those capital assets and those technology investments are there. They're on the job today, but there's a lot more we need to do. 
So of course, we were nipped up a little bit here in the supply chain issues and shortages. But having our assets in-house, and you've heard me talk about this for a long time, having those assets in-house are strategic. It's critical. It's what customers want to see, all the way from gallium arsenide to packaging, assembly and test, TC-SAW, bulk acoustic wave, standard SAW, all of that. We can mix and match to put the right solution together. 
So that is one of the reasons why our numbers here that we're talking about today, they're very strong. And certainly, we're experiencing the same market environment, but it was the ability to invest early, drive that cash flow, drive that performance to continue to do that and then bring those products to market in ways that are very flexible and having the ability to go from IoT to 5G, to Bluetooth, to WiFi -- whatever the connectivity protocol may be, we will have the technology execution vehicles within our company to execute for our customers.

Yes. I mean we're not going to get into March at this point. March tends to be a little bit of the soft spot in the year. I mean, that's been traditional, but we don't really have a guide here at March at this point.

Yes, Chris, I mean, we certainly see the opportunity to again put forth greater content, greater value, and it comes with technology, right? So I think our teams are constantly crafting and developing next-generation solutions and also broadening the reach. So it isn't just a certain set of customers. It's a broader set of customers.
And what we find is that there's just a tremendous need for performance, right? I mean, performance is really what's going to drive this. And then performance really means that you've got to deliver the technology behind that. So we're spending a lot of money in that area. But strategically, we've got some great R&D folks in-house that are crafty that know how to get stuff done and developing solutions for the next wave, right? Markets like WiFi 6 and 6E are also right now in a great position for growth as we move forward. And I think connectivity around WiFi is going to be great, and we'll complement what we're doing in classic mobile device. 
So I think there's a lot of good stuff going on. The appetite with our customers is fantastic. I mean there's no end to the ideas, on the inquiries and the challenges that we're being asked to address, which is great. I mean, I'd much rather talk about that than worry about supply chains. And I think on the supply chain side, we're doing quite well.
But we really want to continue to raise our bar with our technology and our R&D teams and our execution to bring customers the performance levels that they really need.

Yes. I mean it's a tricky situation. On one hand, the fact that we have our own manufacturing assets allows us to be really close to the demand curve. So we're not subject to these big overhangs where we're waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting for parts. We're making our products. So we're largely an in-house technology company with -- around the edges, we will use some fabless partners. So our exposure to that is much, much lower than others. Do we still have some effects, of course, because it only takes 1 or 2 parts that could muck up a finished product and everybody understands that. 
So it does create some wrinkles. But I would say that given the work that we've done at Skyworks for years and then more lately, as we talked about, as evidenced by the 3.3% to 5.1%, the ability to stretch and scale the business is a pretty good indicator of what our capabilities are.
So I believe that we're going to do very, very well when we've got a tailwind, and we're going to do well when it's a muddy field. We're capable of doing it either way. And again, a lot of that has to do with managing your own technologies, making those investments, with your own people, your own teams and platforms that you know exactly where they're going to go. 
So that's kind of our strategy as we go forward. And I think that going to work very, very well for the future.

Yes, I think there's a lot of opportunity in China. We've been in the market the OVX portfolios and the Android portfolios for quite a while. It seems like over the last year or so, the larger kind of higher-end players have done better vis-a-vis the overall market. Now having said that, we serve everybody. One of the things that is really advantageous for Skyworks, and we talked about the technologies and the in-house capacity and scale. 
It's going to help us quite a bit in China because in China, as you know, the content is not as rich as it is in some of the higher-end phones, but there's a tremendous opportunity to lift that content.
And a lot of that comes down to the technical knowhow in demonstrating what a couple of dollars of incremental content can do to the user experience to the performance of the connected devices. And it's significant. And I think those that are deeply in this industry know that.
So we have to do a little bit of engagement there to continue to demonstrate with our customers what performance can really mean to the user. And we're getting very, very good response to that, and that's going to drive our content because you've got to have a catalyst to get that content up there. And I think when users can see the performance levels that really are right there in front of them, they just need to embrace it.
There's an opportunity for them to see a much better -- and gain a much better experience with connected solutions that we can provide. So -- and we do that with many, many other customers with much higher end performance marks. We know how to do it. We have great application engineers that can work across each baseband as well. So there's a lot to do there. And I think it's one of the markets and one of the areas in the market that still has a tremendous opportunity of growth despite some of the things that we're talking about in supply chains.

Rachel, go ahead and go to the next question.

Yes. And let me add to that. I mean there's a tremendous diversity -- diversification lever here with the I&A business from SLAB. I mean there's tremendous opportunity in the technologies. We have scale that is just incredible compared to the size that had been there before. 
So we are working very closely on the strategic technologies within the I&A portfolio. We're seeing some great, great opportunities there. And we're going to bring a lot of that stuff in-house, into our sites, into our factories and streamline. We're also going to do some strong kind of cross-pollinization of the sales team to make sure that we understand exactly where the opportunities are, and the scale plays are. And I think there's a lot that can be done there. There's great technology there. We just need to bring it to the right customers and raise the game. 
The supply chain issues kind of hit that portfolio a little bit harder than others, but it doesn't take us off our track. And the technologies that we acquired are outstanding, and we're going to cultivate and grow those technologies with customers for sure.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you with you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you.