Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Despite macro weakness across our global mobile business, Skyworks delivered solid financial results, driven by content gains, our expanding footprint in broad markets, the continued execution of our innovative product strategy and the strength of our business model.
Specifically in Q1, we generated $972 million of revenue, delivered gross margin of 51% and operating margin of 36.7%. We posted an EPS of $1.83, and we produced $549 million in cash flow from operations, a new quarterly record for Skyworks.
In addition to achieving strong profitability and robust cash flow, we've clearly expanded our design win pipeline in several emerging high-growth categories. Our solutions are now enabling the newest WiFi standards, along with the latest advances in MIMO base stations and across mobile payment platforms. For example, our WiFi 6 products are now powering NetGear routers, Charter Communications home gateways and Ruckus indoor access point, to name just a few.
We also partnered with Square, a market-leading mobile payment platform, powering their latest long-range retail systems. And we supported next-generation, high-fidelity audio solutions for Bose, enabled by Alexa voice controls.
In addition, we ramped advanced wireless engine supporting Philips end-to-end streetlight management platforms. And across the infrastructure space, we secured a number of Massive MIMO wins with leading base station providers as they prepare for the ramp to 5G.
Across automotive, we supported next-generation telematics solutions for leading German and Korean manufacturers. And these results highlight our success as we continue to increase our product reach across a growing set of end markets, applications and customers.
We have extended our technology leadership in cellular and are capitalizing more broadly across the Internet of Things, leveraging a diverse set of connectivity protocols, including WiFi, Bluetooth, ZigBee and GPS.
Looking ahead, 5G technology will fuel a broad array of markets and applications ranging from industrial IoT, automotive, machine-to-machine, health care, smart cities as well as artificial intelligence. Capitalizing on the advances of our mobile solutions, the launch of strategic product categories and the diversified strength of broad markets, we remain confident in our ability to outperform.
As a management team, we are squarely focused on operational excellence while continuing to invest strategically across innovative technologies and products, establishing a firm foundation for future growth.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q2.

Thanks, Kris. As our results indicate, we are continuing to deliver high levels of profitability with consistently strong cash flow. More importantly, we have strategically positioned Skyworks to outperform as we seize upon a complex set of new opportunities in both mobile and broad markets.
For example, the shift to 5G is a tremendous catalyst, representing an entirely new connected ecosystem, one where Skyworks will play a leadership role. At a higher level, 5G will be transformational, requiring step function increases in analog performance, advanced filtering and power efficiency. With decades of experience spanning successive technology generations, Skyworks is well-positioned to capitalize, with strategic partnerships across all smartphone and IoT customers, differentiated system solutions, enabling unmatched levels of integration and performance, focused investments to expand our product portfolio, IP and scale, and finally, a business model that leverages both mobile and broad market diversification with leading financial performance.
We are committed to creating shareholder value, while executing on our ambitious vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Right, Craig. And also, if you think about the back half of the year pivoting off Q2, which is seasonally down and certainly hit with some macro effects, we feel much better about where the second half is going, consummating strategic design wins, which we'll be launching in the back half of 2019.

Sure. Well, we have been a consistent provider of infrastructure technology for years across a global set of customers in Europe, in Americas and in Asia. So that's something that hasn't changed. We are starting to see some ramp-up in architectures in 5G on the base station side. There's new technologies, there's MIMO integration there as well. So that is definitely a driver and a catalyst for broad market. And then, in parallel with that, we are absolutely committed to delivering 5G technology. We're working on that right now with customers that matter. A lot of collaborative strategic dialogue between our customers and ourselves to craft the best possible solutions for 5G. It brings with it tremendous opportunities in filtering, tremendous opportunities in gallium arsenide technology, our ability to integrate physically these products in our own sites. And we launched, as you know, our Sky5 platform here last year. So we're making great strides. We think those products will come to market probably in 2020, and more readily in 2021, but great opportunity. And as we noted in the prepared remarks, a real catalyst for this industry and we'll be at the forefront.

Sure, Blayne. This is Liam here. So the way I would look at this is you've got a regional effect with China specifically, where the China demand really softened. And so think of that as a geography, that it certainly impacted customers in China. It also had a bit of a headwind on the export market where a lot of the China brands would populate technology from companies like Skyworks and then those products would go all over the world in emerging markets and they're hard to track but we knew there was revenue there. So you have the China consumption coming down. You have export markets also coming down. And then, we had some specific unique challenges with Tier 1 customers that had much more advanced richer content with a lot of value and technology, and their units coming down, some of that was China and some of that was other markets, but it was a culmination of that effect. China, at a high level, and then you could port that into individual customers of Skyworks and kind of read through the -- even Samsung had some challenges here in the last quarter. So that's what we've endured. If you look out in time, I feel a lot better about where we're positioned. We're executing on the things that we can control. We're delivering great content, high-performance technologies that our customers love. We're readying for 5G. And then, in parallel, we've got a broad markets business that continues to grow double digits. So we feel better about the second half. This was a tricky period here that we've navigated through, but we expect to show better results here as we get into the second half.

Yes, it should be. I mean, we should continue to see some increases sequentially here. It tends to run on its -- on an uncorrelated vector, right, vis-à-vis mobile. And we continue to be upside surprised by some of the new design wins that we bring forth. And one of the nice things I will say is where mobile is fairly well-characterized in terms of customers and TAM and value, the broad markets business, there's nothing but headroom there. So even in a market that could move sideways to down, we could grow. And we're doing that. And one of the things to remember is that the breadth of our wireless protocols, whether it's WiFi or Bluetooth or ZigBee or cellular, really offers a great opportunity for us as we look at increasingly diverse set of customers and providing a menu of options for those customers as they move to connected solutions.

Sure. Well, as we noted in the last earnings call, we've been making very good progress in our bulk acoustic wave portfolio. And as you know, we've been a market leader in temperature compensated SAW. We continue to invest in that category, and that's become and continues to become a real strategic weapon for us. And the bulk acoustic wave technology is moving along very well. We have design wins, we expect revenue in the second half. I don't want to quantify too much of that right now, but we've made the kind of progress that we expected to make. We've made more investments in capital as well to fortify the scale of our BAW technology. And it's just another great opportunity for us to expand TAM and create the most diverse set of solutions that we can provide our customers. Very meaningful for us in 5G as well as move into that category.

Right. Yes, so broad markets has provided an upside here and will continue to do so. Again, as I mentioned, there's just so much opportunity that we haven't yet covered. We're doing great work with our WiFi product lines, with our ZigBee product lines, getting into the infrastructure space now, that's taken off again for us. A lot of connected devices in the home, security, working with customers like Amazon, like Nest. We even have some defense business in our broad market portfolio. So it creates a great opportunity because we're really not constrained by TAM in certain markets, we're growing the TAM, we're expanding our reach and we're getting into new customers and accounts. So there's a lot of headroom for growth, even if some of the market dynamics, at a macro level, are not in our favor.

Sure. Well, if you look at the opportunities today, there's still an incredible ecosystem that lives and breathes on connected devices and smartphones, and the higher-end players really embrace that. And if you look at what we have been seeing is we have been seeing an increasing opportunity in mobile devices, even in 4G, we've been seeing that. Much more complex solutions. Our DRx category, for example, our high-band solutions now bringing BAW to the table, all of that is moving in the right direction. But the big inflection is going to be the step up into 5G, and that will absolutely happen. And when that happens, it's necessary that new technologies are brought into that same physical form factor, that same handset, new technologies, new spectrum, new frequencies, more filtering, the ability to coexist with different devices brings in a tremendous amount of complexity and challenge and creates a unique opportunity for Skyworks and the top tier players in our space to win. So we're looking forward to that. And again, there's a parallel opportunity in the infrastructure side, but we're absolutely seeing the block diagrams, the expectations and the dialogue with our customers that point to tremendous opportunity when 5G arrives.

Right. And if you think about the strategic rationale with Avnera, it's increasingly clear that voice is becoming one of the most important interfaces now in devices, whether it's connected devices, whether it's automotive, voice technology is very critical and it's going through a phase now of upgrades with more IP being layered in. So that technology for us, by virtue of the Avnera deal, puts us in a great position to capitalize, levering their unique solutions and then allowing Skyworks with a greater scale and manufacturing and also a greater reach from a customer perspective to weave that all together to develop new sets of opportunities and new sets of revenue curves as we look out.

Sure. It's a great question. As we look out, what you just modeled is kind of what we see as well. You typically have March quarter that's seasonally down. Obviously, more pronounced this year across this space. And if you look at the June quarter, that's flattish, maybe up a little bit. And then, we get into the second half of the calendar year, our Q4, and then Q1 calendar, calendar and fiscal, we would expect higher levels of growth. So what we do know is that we are doing the work that's necessary to win in platforms that matter, and not just mobile platforms but also in broad markets and also in infrastructure. And the design win execution has been very favorable for us. It doesn't show up in the March quarter numbers. So we feel good about that. The breadth of the technology for us is really opening up and it's not 1 or 2 accounts, we're moving the dial with some of our unique solutions across normal players in mobile, and then the broad market is really just about adding new applications and customers. So we expect -- again, we're not guiding the full year, but we do expect, knowing what we know about our business and what we deliver on content, and a lot of cases, hasn't even shipped yet, we feel very good about that signature where you kind of have a flat to slightly up Q3, and then we move into a second half with a stronger top line and the financial performance and the bottom line should follow.

Sure. Yes, I mean, obviously, the way the quarter rolled out for us is not what we expected, not what we anticipated. And I think that sentiment is shared by a number of peers, not just in mobile but anyone in semis, and even in tech kind of absorbed this SAW reduction, this change. And again, it's not even specific to a customer. I think we had, as I mentioned, a China effect that really hurt us and then some other trickle down challenges. But having said all that, where we are here off of our current guidance and into the March quarter, we feel it's the right guidance, it's balanced and positions ourselves well for recovery in the second half. We're always keenly analyzing where the inventory is and what our customers have on hand if we can see that, and we usually can. And one of the reasons why our number was down in Q2, quite frankly, is to reconcile that. So we feel that we created a balanced view here from our guide and are positioned to move forward and up from here.

Yes, absolutely. So a couple of things, yes, you will see announcements for 5G in the next 12 months, there's no question about that. And we are absolutely going to be populating those phones when they're announced. I think the big shift to the 5G ecosystem will probably be a little bit later, kind of end of 2020, into 2021, but there'll be steps along that path. Now if we look at the opportunity, if you could just envision what we're looking at here is you've got a 4G technology engine that is in place already in your device, and that is not going away. 5G is going to be incremental and additive to your current handset. So no one is walking around today with 5G frequencies in their phone or dealing with 6 gigahertz and above or dealing with millimeter wave in their phone, they're not doing that yet. That is coming. So it's going to offer an increased opportunity for companies like Skyworks. It's also going to drive a great deal of architectural complexity. And those that know how to handle that and companies that have the ability to be configurable and flexible in the architecture because what we are seeing in 5G is every customer wants it differently, whether it's a geographical roaming issue, it's a size issue, they're different. These are not cookie-cutter devices, and that's great for us because it gives us an opportunity to shape the curve, work with the customers, provide the greatest technology and also be in early. So we're looking forward to it. We're making the investments. We've round out our filter portfolio now with BAW. We've done a tremendous job today with our Sky5 platform on both transmit chain and receive side with the DRx technology. We're even weaving in some of our devices in WiFi 6 and GPS in some of these applications. So we're really looking forward to this. And this -- again, this is forward-looking revenue that we'll be seeing late into this year and further into the 2020, 2021 time frame.

Sure. Well, we expect to, and we are positioned, to support all of the global infrastructure players in 5G, the U.S. players, the European players and the players in Asia. And all of them today are customers for us. And the advances that we see in the MIMO architectures and the specific spectrum that's required to deliver the 5G waveforms, there's some great challenges there that we're going to work with these supplies and these infrastructure players to overcome. So we have a balance to do. We've seen a lot of great work come out of Ericsson and Nokia-Siemens networks. There's obviously some players that we see in APAC. And we're well-positioned across the space. We need that. The infrastructure has to be in place for this new network to perform. So we have great technology and opportunity in the handheld devices but we also have to pair that up with the infrastructure side, so we get that signal working together. And we're all over it in each one of those customers.

Yes. So there's a lot there. But what I would say is it's possible that China may be early in 5G, that's possible. But I think you also got to look at the global theater here because, I think, you've got some tremendous technologies coming to market across the globe in Korea, from the U.S., Europe as well as China. So I think it's going to be more balanced, in my perspective and what I'm seeing in my dialogue with customers, it's going to be a more balanced launch. And as I also mentioned, you're going to have different flavors. Technologies that are going to be -- some of these are just absolutely necessary, there's new frequencies and new spectrum that -- and products that go into these phones have to be able to deliver and manage and deliver signals across that spectrum. And we'll be one of those players. There will be some other things that will be required as well. Just think about the coexistence of all of these technology in a single device is going to create lots of challenges, harmonics challenges, coexistence challenges that have to be overcome. We're working with our customers to do that. And there will be players in China, but I think it's going to be much more of a global impact. And also remember, 5G is truly a technology. It's a technology that brings incredible data rate, low latency and capacity. So 5G is not just a catalyst for the mobile phone, it's going to create IoT opportunities, it's going to create small cell opportunities and enable markets that we haven't even seen before as we move into the future, automotive as well. So there's a lot to look forward there and we're in good position working with market leaders globally.

Sure. Well, what I will say is that we've been working on our BAW products for quite a while. We haven't said much about it until the last earnings call, but we're making great advancements, great strides, sampling customers that matter, getting incredible feedback, delivering on the successes that we have and then also learning about new opportunities that we haven't yet addressed. So it certainly rounds out our portfolio. There's a lot of players in that space as well but we're going to be a meaningful element in BAW. As we go forward, as Kris mentioned, we made strategic investments in this technology. So this isn't just IP, this is also being able to deliver the kind of technology and scale on the production side that makes this happen. And the BAW process is very different than surface acoustic wave. It requires a whole different type of manufacturing complexity. And we know how to get that done now with a lot of help. So you should just continue to see a steady growth in that area as we move forward. Our TC SAW technology is also vital for these architectures. We're seeing a lot of growth there as well and we continue to work that. But one of the things that we do differently than some of our peers is the integration. It's bringing in the right filter, the right ICs, the right mix of gallium arsenide and SOI technology, the packaging and the configurability that we can offer each customer, I think, makes it unique. Having BAW now within our portfolio ready just solves another issue, and we're looking forward to delivering on that as time goes on.

Sure. Yes, so certainly, the broad market portfolio has accretive margins to the company, but what I will say is as we move into enhanced 5G, the mobile business is going to get much more complex, and differentiation and execution and scale are going to matter. And we think we're going to do very well in that environment and provide a tremendous amount of value to our customer, but also get the kind of margin that we deserve for bringing that technology to market. So we feel good about our outlook and gross margin as we move to 5G and beyond.

Sure. That's a great question. We are, fortunately, today, before 5G has arrived, we've had a really strong, I would say, the last 1.5 years, a real strong uptake in automotive and engagement with a number of leading players. Some we can announce and some we just can't announce. And it started with some of the instrument clusters that work and infotainment work. And now we're doing a lot of the telematics work. So -- and it's a meaningful part of our broad market revenue. We don't segment auto as a specific product line but it's a meaningful piece and one of the fastest-growing. When you move to 5G, and we're working with the players now, the connectivity element is vital. It is critical. Again, you need the data rates 100x what we see in 4G. Latency is absolutely at a premium, near 0 latency is required. And in many cases, redundant cellular engines are required to ensure reliability and performance. And each player has a different way of looking at this, but it's going to be a significant opportunity for connectivity and wireless connectivity. And then, from that, I think we can move further along within the automobile, collision avoidance and even some vision systems and things like that down the road. Some of that we don't have in the portfolio today, but we absolutely will be well-positioned on the core connectivity element, which are vital in 5G autonomous vehicle. So that's an exciting opportunity. I'm happy that the team has been able to execute today on 4G opportunities and some other in-dash automobile solutions, but 5G for automotive is going to be really special.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and events during the quarter. Thank you.