Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team produced solid results in Q2, once again demonstrating above-market year-over-year growth in revenue and earnings per share.
Let me begin with a few highlights. We produced record Q2 revenue of $913 million, up 7% year-over-year. We expanded gross margin to 50.7%, up 30 basis points over last year. We delivered 13% EPS growth year-over-year to $1.64, $0.04 ahead of consensus, another Q2 record. And finally, we generated $434 million in cash flow from operations and achieved a 38% free cash flow margin.
From a financial perspective, continued strength in our fundamentals and improvements in profitability directly translated to cash flow growth. At the same time, our solutions are enabling an expanding and diversified set of end markets. For example, during the quarter, we partnered with the world's largest automotive manufacturer to leverage connectivity across their global fleet; deployed integrated solutions for Honeywell's LTE-handheld enterprise hubs; ramped WiFi and ZigBee modules for Nest connected video systems; secured new design wins at Belkin for mesh networks; supported Garmin's latest Forerunner advanced fitness smartwatches; delivered SkyOne and SkyBlue platforms for upcoming Lenovo and ASUS high-performance notebooks; and we launched 802.11ac solutions for the newest DIRECTV streaming gateway.
We also captured strategic design wins across a number of flagship platforms inclusive of SkyOne, DRx, GPS, WiFi, power management and antenna tuning solutions. In parallel, in our infrastructure markets, we powered Massive MIMO for India's largest carrier. And finally, we collaborated with the premier European base station supplier for small cell deployments supporting AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Vodafone.
At a higher level, the overarching connected economy is rapidly expanding, with global data traffic expected to grow 40% compounded over the next 5 years. High-performance data centers are enabling client-to-cloud big data analytics, supporting artificial intelligence, autonomous vehicles, industrial IoT, machine learning and virtual reality while facilitating a multitrillion dollar ecosystem. The sea change towards mobility harnessing cloud access and storage is creating commensurate demand for increasingly more powerful connectivity engines. Our mission at Skyworks is to enable this data-driven world, powering billions of new intelligent devices through instantaneous, reliable and secure wireless connectivity.
Moving forward, 5G will usher in an age of truly ubiquitous connectivity and intelligent automation enabling richer, smarter and more convenient ways to live, work, play and educate. Skyworks is leveraging our deep systems knowledge, strategic partnerships and formidable investments to accelerate the deployment of 5G, uniquely meeting the requirements for low, mid, high and ultra-high frequency bands with our differentiated Sky5 platform. In short, Skyworks is well positioned to capitalize on the revolutionary applications ahead while facilitating the more expansive connected economy of tomorrow.
I will now turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our financial outlook.

Thanks, Kris. As our results demonstrate, Skyworks is on track to deliver another year of record performance underpinned by content-rich design wins, spanning a number of strategic end markets, world-class operational execution and scale, the launch of our Sky5 platform as 5G becomes a reality and decades of experience in developing innovative solutions over successive technology generations.
Finally and most importantly, we are committed to delivering premium levels of profitability and cash generation, consistently creating value for our shareholders.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure, sure. Yes, well, as you know, our products are designed into some of the most compelling companies on the planet, whether it's smartphones, whether it's IoT applications or infrastructure, other broad markets. And the design cycles are long, and we have very good visibility into the content that we ultimately enjoy. And the challenge is, obviously, units, right? You can't always tell what the unit numbers are going to be. But when we look at our data today, looking at the content position that we have and leading applications, the continued push for performance that we see in mobility and the appetite for the consumer to want that data faster and faster as we just discussed in the prepared remarks, we're very confident in our position in terms of gaining content, gaining share, expanding reach and also with great visibility as we look out into the next couple of quarters. So that sums up where we formulate our guidance and our outlook.

Yes. I mean, it's not one number. It's a customer-by-customer opportunity. Certainly, the customers that are pushing the performance barriers and really raising the connectivity speeds and data rates and performance, those accounts provide more opportunity for us on a dollar basis. But there's also some upgrades from 3G to for 4G and some players in emerging markets that are just starting to move the needle. So it's a culmination of all of that, that provides us with the view to see upside here in the second half.

Sure. Yes. So China is obviously an important market. They're a market that consumes technology. They export technology. They're also a conduit for us to address emerging markets from an end-user perspective. And it's been a market that we've enjoyed and we continue to enjoy. There's a lot of content opportunities across the diversified players within China. We do well there. We're starting to see kind of that translation from low end to mid-tier within China, and then the mid-tier players getting a little stronger. There have been some cases where you have some pockets of kind of sideways action in China that can happen as we kind of pause into 4G and get ready for 5G. But our content position there continues to move up. Certainly, as we noted, we do have an issue with one player in China, ZTE, where we've got about a $25 million to $30 million hit on revenue that is now completely contemplated in the guidance. So that's an issue. But as we move into the second half, as we noted, the Tier 1 players, where the opportunity is greatest, the performance is most difficult. And the opportunity to drive connectivity, speed and data rates continues to go up. That's where we see the real opportunity here in the second half.

Well, we're starting to see ax show up in road maps now for products that would come probably late next year. We can deliver that through smartphones. We can deliver that technology through access points, routers, streaming applications. And I should also include the broad markets in general is going to be a meaningful catalyst for us in the second half, in addition to the comments on smartphones. And WiFi in general continues to be a real strong piece of our business through IoT. So we'll see that coming together. But 11ax will definitely be there. You're right. It's been pushed out a bit. It hasn't been an impediment to our growth, but it will be an accelerator as we get into late '18 and into '19.

Sure. Yes. I mean, certainly, we felt the unit number for the Q3 period was a little bit light and one of the reasons why our guidance is roughly flat if we add back the ZTE hit. But as we go into the second half, we see turnover of portfolios with our leading customers. We see new products ramping, we know what our position is within those products. We're very comfortable with that. We see the technology being pushed yet again, which allowed us to continue to grow our content and position. So we do feel very good about that. And second half data points really do have some independence from what we're seeing in the first half with different products.

Sure. Yes. With respect to ZTE, they're about $25 million to $30 million of revenue. The lion's share of that is mobile, but there's also some infrastructure pieces. So that one is pretty well quantified. And when we look out to the second half, we're definitely -- again, I can't provide complete guidance here, but we're clearly anticipating meaningful sequential growth into Q4, September, and then meaningful growth again into December, following a traditional seasonal pattern for mobile and smartphones. There's an ability for us to have a higher inflection on that given content gains we expect. But you should anticipate solid growth 2 quarters in a row there from Q3 close.

Well, the competitive landscape is being vetted out based on performance and technology, that's what it is today. This isn't just about capacity. It's just not about having good-enough product. It's about having the best product. And in the markets that really matter, that really drive change and push the envelope, we're winning. And I would say that our TC-SAW capabilities are not only world class in terms of output but in terms of performance. The quality of that technology right now has been advanced by Skyworks and allows us to push the frequency envelope wider and wider and broader and broader. Our DRx diversity technologies provide a tremendous benefit to the customer and the end user, very unique stuff that's crafted and tuned and tested here at Skyworks and developed completely in-house. Those are the kind of things that really move the dial. So there's a competitive environment, of course, and this is a great market. And competitors see some of the things that we see. But the real strength of Skyworks is moving up, advancing that technology, adding functionality, extending our reach and creating the most compelling end products for our customers. And we commented today on the prepared remarks, when you look at markets like data center, in cloud, which are really important today, invariably, they are tethered to a handheld device that needs very high-speed, instantaneous data in order to make that cloud ecosystem really, really pay off. So that client-to-cloud connectivity is a big deal. And in the client side where we play, we have to be better and better over here and support our customers, and that's what we're doing.

Sure. Well, when we start to move above 3 gigahertz, we're entering the domain of what we call 5G. So we talk a lot about that in the past, and Skyworks has a really strong compelling platform, our Sky5 platform, which really is a combination of multiple solutions from transmit to receive chain, solutions addressing that new spectrum that one would see from 3 gigahertz up to 5 gigahertz and even beyond. So we're working on that right now. We have the key elements, the IP, the engineering technology to put it together. We have the devices now that are in process, in the development stage, targeted with -- clearly targeted with customer opportunities in mind. So we'll start to see that evolve. And I think it's an important point in the industry because as 4G has proliferated quite well from 3G, and we are probably in mid to late innings in 4G, 5G is going to step up and bring a whole new wave of technology opportunities to Skyworks. And they're going to be more challenging, but we're making those investments today across-the-board, in the elements that we provide and in the ability to integrate and configure for our customers. So that's something that we look forward to here over the next several years.

Sure. Yes. I think if you look at the culmination of smartphones today that are really ripe for the upgrade cycle today, we're on the cusp here of a big turn in wireless connectivity, and that's 5G, and even broad market. So when you look at broad market, what we're doing there, which is somewhat uncorrelated to smartphones, it runs with a whole different customer set, and we've been doing great there, and then you look at our position in 4G moving to 5G, we're very comfortable. And so the opportunities to be in the double-digits top line are absolutely there. When you look at 5G, there are a couple of basics here that we want to make sure we understand. 5G is additive to current 4G and 3G phones. So when you have a device today that you're carrying around today, it doesn't have any 5G technology. It has a lot of great technology, a lot of content opportunity, but it's not 5G. So 5G is incremental add to what you see today. It's new frequency. The last question that we had from the last caller talked about what do you see 3 gig and above? We see new technology, new waveforms, new opportunities to filter, to transmit, to receive, very complex, and you have to do that in a device that carries 4G and 3G as well. Current budgets are challenged. Efficiency is challenged, integration capabilities. All that has to come together. And that's really good for us. That's in our sweet spot. So we look forward to that, and it's going to be phased in over time as we saw 4G. There's an infrastructure side. There's obviously the handheld side. And then the other thing that 5G will do is create network capacity expansion that will allow more and more IoT, independent IoT devices to join the network. So there's a lot there. We're excited about it. It's going to require some incredible technology investments and scale and some of the smartest people in our company to work on this. So we're looking forward to it. It will be incremental, and it will be one of the key catalysts to getting to that double-digit growth.

Sure. Yes. So with respect to the infrastructure side, we have these incredible antenna arrays that we develop and sell to our networking folks, and they're quite powerful and very unique. And so we're leveraging different technology that you see in a smartphone, there's a lot of low-noise amplifier technology and some switching technology and some filtering technology but done at a higher grade and a higher level for infrastructure. And to make all those really interesting things happen in 5G, you do need that network upgrade. So we're working on that in parallel with the great stuff that we're doing inside the handset and inside the IoT devices. And I think the infrastructure market has been somewhat stagnant for a while. The 5G step-up is a way to really kind of light the fire again in that space, and we'll be there.

Sure. Yes. So I think what you're seeing here now is just the push for performance. It's being delivered by more intense requirements and specifications on mid band, high band, low band. Diversity received is another really important section, and then MIMO, which is going to give you some incremental data streams within a mobile device. So that technology, the MIMO technology, is now starting to flow through with some of the leading smartphone players. We have some other players that haven't yet even hit the diversity received side that we're working with. And again, the DRx or what we call DRx, diversity received, is really about downlink performance, which has been -- lately, it really has been the bottleneck. It's downloading high-speed video, high-speed data. The burden has been quite strong there. So we're seeing incremental content, Chris, in these applications. These are devices and engines that weren't needed 3 or 4 years ago, or weren't required. And now they're coming forth. And certainly, the leaders in the space are first to market on these technologies. But we do see the opportunity to pick up in the mid-tier as well and bring that technology forward.

Sure. Yes. The broad market business in Q2, I believe, is about 10% sequential. And it will be a similar level coming into Q3. And it really is a diversified pool of applications and customers that we pursue. We talked about some of them. Infrastructure is part of broad markets. We have some early-stage automotive engagements that are moving along. We do a great deal of work in access points, routers, applications like Nest Dropcams, security systems. It's a very broad set of end markets and customers, and it's also a very broad set of wireless topology. So we go from WiFi to Bluetooth to ZigBee to thread and back up to LTE if we need to. So it's a broad set of end markets and customers served by a pretty rich, deep portfolio of wireless topology. And we work with our customers to make sure we put the right solution in the right application.

Absolutely. Yes. I think what you're going to see in 5G is depending on the frequency and the waveform, the right filter or the right engine will be deployed. So what we do at Skyworks is that we have access to all the necessary filter elements, and then we bring our gallium arsenide technology, our packaging, our test technology to make sure that the engine, the transmit or receive engine, SkyOne transmit and DRx on the receive side, are going to fit the requirements of our customer. When you get to 5G, you've got a lot of new technology. It's higher frequency. There's more challenges. There's more issues, and there hasn't been -- the solutions are not laid out yet. So everybody's going to go at it somewhat differently. You will need filtering, of course, the filtering could be bulk acoustic wave, or BAW. It could be TC-SAW, temperature compensated SAW. But it will be high end. It will be high performance. So I think there'll be some differentiation there of the companies that can provide not just the filter but the complete solution to navigate the challenges within 5G. And it's going to be a great opportunity for us.

Yes. No. That's a great question because ultimately, our job is to try to put the best products out there for our customers. And it really doesn't matter whether we call it broad or whether we call it mobile, right? So I think what's going to be interesting about 5G is you're going to start to see things like IoT really proliferate, and some of those IoT devices may carry a cellular engine, not necessarily a WiFi engine, right? And we'll be able to address that. We'll have that flexibility. So I think there's going to be some great things. We're going to have the classic -- hopefully, the classic upgrade cycle that we see in 5G where, again, we bring in new technology that is additive to what we see in smartphones. But then in parallel, one of the really important points around 5G is enabling new markets, enabling markets like autonomous driving, where you need incredible high data, incredibly fast data with literally no latency, right, instantaneous latency. So those are markets that would be technically broad market for us but could have a very powerful growth vector and technology need that we can supply. So we'll see more and more of that. Industrial IoT, a lot of really creative, interesting markets that need a 5G connection to really work. So we're going to see it in IoT. We're going to see it in autonomous vehicles. We're going to certainly see it in smartphones. And all of that together will, hopefully, support and really bring some tailwinds behind our double-digit growth rate.

No, we have not seen that. And they continue to be a strategic customer of ours.

Yes. I mean, we still -- the fiscal year is not over. Huawei is a very important customer. We have a great relationship there. We've populated the P20, the P20 Pro. We have infrastructure business. And they've been a great partner for quite some time. And the technology reach that we put forth there has been great for both of us. So we don't see -- I can't quantify the full year right now, but they're certainly an important customer, one that we spend a lot of time with, one that really values our technology. And we have, I think, a business relationship there that should prosper.

Yes. I think the #1 requirement for customers is great technology and conveyance of value to them, and we bring it. So competition's always been there, especially at the largest customers. The competition is at the highest at the largest customers. Everybody knows where the dollars are. And I'm really happy with our team's performance in executing and raising the bar with technology and great solutions and continuing to gain.

Sure. Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences or other events during the quarter. Thank you.