Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered solid financial results in Q3 as the resiliency of our business model allowed us to maintain strong profitability and cash flow.
Looking at the quarter in more detail, we reported revenue of $767 million, slightly above our guidance; drove gross margin of 50.4%; and operating margin of 33% while delivering earnings per share of $1.35. And our cash generation continues to be strong, with operating cash flow of $950 million year-to-date.
Looking forward, our design win pipeline is expanding as we capitalize on the ramp of 5G and wireless infrastructure, smartphones and across IoT. For example, in wireless infrastructure, Skyworks is now supporting a number of global 5G deployments, our solutions address both 5G macro base stations and small cell radios, and we are ramping today with leading European and Japanese infrastructure OEMs. In addition, Skyworks is enabling 5G Massive MIMO base stations for a leading Korean customer.
Across the IoT space, we are gaining share in new emerging categories, with recent wins at Facebook for their Oculus VR headset and with Vizio for their sound bars, leveraging our analog SoCs and cognitive wireless radios. We also secured low-power LTE Cat M design wins with the leading module providers, including Telit, Gemalto, u-blox and Sierra Wireless. And we are expanding our reach in the wearables market where we are populating devices that combine our cellular and WiFi technology. We've also extend in our WiFi leadership with several signature design wins in the last quarter, including Cisco with their Wi-Fi 6 solutions, DIRECTV for their over-the-top streaming devices as well as design wins with industry leaders such as Amazon, Nest and NetGear.
Finally in mobile, for the coming wave of 5G phones, we've deepened our engagements with key customers, leveraging our unique suite of solutions to support launches at Samsung, LG, Oppo, Vivo and others.
As these opportunities demonstrate, the demand for advanced connectivity and the expansive nature of 5G are creating real-time opportunities for Skyworks. With 5G now launched on 4 continents, operators are seeing the compelling economics that 5G services can bring and we expect momentum to continue building into 2020 and beyond.
To be clear, 5G is a technology, not a product. And we expect the performance gains in speed, latency and network capacity to spawn a much broader ecosystem where 5G becomes the universal connector. With the application scope going far beyond the smartphone, 5G is already driving new usage cases in emerging areas like industrial IoT, autonomous transport, smart cities and digital health. For Skyworks, this is a tremendous opportunity as our scale and experience across multiple technology generations position us to lead as 5G becomes a reality.
Our capital investments have enabled us to build highly specialized, vertically integrated supply chains capable of meeting the complex demands of the world's most innovative customers.
We continue to advance our filter capabilities, creating leadership positions in SAW, in TC SAW, and in Q3, we commenced volume production of BAW-enabled devices. These devices will be shipping this quarter. Incorporating BAW expands our TAM in mobile and positions us to support a wider array of customers, markets and applications.
And in addition to 5G, our capabilities in broad markets have grown. As we now serve an expanded set of global customers, including companies like Ford, Continental, LG, along with factory automation leaders such as Bosch, Honeywell, Siemens and GE. Today, we generate nearly $1.1 billion in annual revenues from our broad market portfolio. That's a compound growth rate of 16% since 2013.
So in summary, Skyworks is at the forefront of ubiquitous connectivity leveraging our decades of experience, world-class scale and customer relationships. We are well positioned to continue executing on our vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time.
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q4.

Thanks, Kris. As a proven technology leader, we are leveraging our Sky5 platform and systems expertise to enable the billions of connections between devices and the cloud, providing the underlying foundation for an entirely new ecosystem in today's connected world.
Looking forward, Skyworks is uniquely positioned with established leadership and growing markets in expansive and innovative set of 5G solutions, global scale and the deep customer relationships that are facilitating the mobile economy of tomorrow.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure. Well, I mean, it certainly comes down to units, but I will say that the Skyworks team continues to work with all of the most significant flagship phones and customers and we continue to do that this year. And a number of very exciting design wins have been consummated with leading customers, we're really proud of what we've done. We're continuing to expand the scope and the reach of the device count and the complexity of what we offer. So we really can't predict how the unit curve will look, but I can tell you that our ability to grow and gain content, especially in highly complex, high-margin areas is something that we'll demonstrate and we'll be very proud to show.

Yes. I think '19, as you mentioned, has been a difficult year for a number of reasons. There were some volatility early in our fiscal year that was kind of a macro issue. And then we've had the effects of this Huawei ban, which have been pretty significant but we'll manage. But I do think there's tremendous momentum and excitement around mobile today and around 5G at a higher level. So we're starting to see the rollouts on the infrastructure side. We talked about that in prepared remarks. We're certainly working with all the customers that matter and helping them develop 5G capabilities in their smartphone devices. And we expect this to be an incredible catalyst for the industry. As I've said in the prepared remarks, 5G is really a universal connector. It is a technology, it's not a product. It will populate multi-market opportunities for us and we have great, great solutions to make that happen. So we're really excited about 2020 and beyond. We also feel good in the near term right now. We just guided a 20% sequential quarter if we net out the effects of Huawei, which we really can't control today. As we look into our Q1, the December quarter, we see sequential growth coming again. So we feel bullish about that and the prospects of 5G are ahead.

Well, I think we will be able to deliver a solid seasonal ramp, Craig, coming into our Q1 here at the -- in the back half of the calendar year. And again, it is a number of customers involved here, not just one. But we feel good about the outlook during that time frame. We have very good visibility, by the way, with respect to that timing. And we also have very good visibility on what we've consummated from a design perspective and the devices that we put forth in leading smartphones. So we feel good about coming through. And then the balance of the year, we'll see how things go. I think broad markets continues to be a strategic vector for us. And despite some of the challenges that we're enduring right now with Huawei, we think a lot of that demand and time is going to get redistributed and we'll be able to take advantage of that.

Sure, Craig, absolutely. Well, we see an expanding opportunity in 5G in a number of areas. There's just a great deal of complexity that needs to be resolved in the system. Our customers are looking for integration and kind of cohesive solutions, so platforms like Sky5 that we developed are perfect solutions for these customers. They're configurable. We can resolve a lot of that complexity. And we also have to deal with the challenge of backward compatibility into 4G and 3G. So if you look at a 5G-enabled phone, you're going to have 5G bands and 5G technology but you're also going to need to be interoperable with 4G and 3G. There's a physical challenge in a design of the phones. There's a battle for com consumption and coexistence within the device. So a lot of complexity that we're working on today with our customers, we're lining up with the critical baseband providers as well so our solutions could be somewhat agnostic around the baseband ecosystem. And adding some of the technologies that we've developed in-house, the DRx technologies will be even more vital in 5G. We've got ultra-high band devices that we're shipping, we've got BAW technology that we just commenced shipping now that we spoke about. So we're in very good position. But I will tell you that 5G is difficult, it's challenging and our customers are reaching out to partners that they trust and partners that have been here. And that's where we want to be, one of those partners that help our customers be successful.

Sure, Craig, that's a great question. And that portfolio is doing very well for us. So one of the designs that we mentioned in the opening remarks was powered by Avnera. They've got some very slick SoC technology that we're leveraging. Certainly, some great performance in audio. But overall, right now, we're very pleased with what we've seen from that acquisition. It's fully integrated with Skyworks. So we're able to take advantage of a larger sales and marketing organization and a little more strength on the operational side. But so far, it's looking very good. Appreciate that.

Yes. I mean, just to be clear, so Chris, I mean, when the ban came out, we stopped shipping immediately and we did not ship again for the balance of Q3. As we entered Q4, doing a little homework with our legal team on reaching out to SIA and some other associations to get guidance, we felt comfortable with certain products being shipped and we've been commencing shipments, but it's been at a very low level. So that's kind of the difference between what we've done. Other competitors may have played it differently, but that's how we played it. We still feel very good about the business we have today net of Huawei. If Huawei comes back, that's great. But the guidance that we provided with a 20% sequential netting out Huawei in Q3 and Q4 I think says a lot about the organic business and our read into what we can do.

Yes. That's a great question. The way I look at it is, and you're right, I mean, the technologies that we provide and I know you understand this, are very, very complex. We're not a discrete component player, we haven't been that company for years. So the kind of things that we offer to companies like Huawei are very, very complex and very hard to displace. Having said all that, I don't think this is going to stop 5G. I think there could be certainly some challenges in China, specifically around 5G and access to technologies. But I think from a global perspective, the power of the 5G catalyst here and the investments and the opportunities for connectivity are just so powerful that, that's going to continue. Could there be a bit of a pause lever, with the China issue? Sure. But I don't think it's going to stop the industry globally from executing on this vision of moving up into 5G and the latency in speed and benefits that it provide so. And we'll stay with that. And the other thing here is that the demand can move around. If some companies or regions are impaired, yes, it will hurt in the short term. But overall, I think that that revenue and that opportunity can get redistributed and we'll be right there for that as well.

Yes, that's a great question. We've had a good position with Huawei, but we've also had a very strong position with Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi. And so far, the business there has been promising and been kind of on track, still developing some interesting new solutions for those customers as well. We've been able to build those partnerships over years. So that part of the China ecosystem, at this point, looks pretty good.

Yes, and obviously, with some of the Huawei revenue out of the pie, the ratios get skewed a little bit as well, Tom.

Yes, to the extent that we can, yes, we feel we've talked about some of the other players in China and the demand outlook there look steady. We talked about Huawei and the issues that we have right here and that could get resolved. And if it gets resolved, we're right back in. But we're still very aggressive in gaining success in design wins globally across the board. The only exception right now is the Huawei situation where we're kind of stuck. But beyond that, we're active, we're developing solutions, we're gaining design wins. And as we mentioned in some of the prior questions that the products that we make are not commodities, they're not interchangeable. They're very complex, custom commodities or custom devices that are necessary for 5G and even higher-end 4G networks.

Sure. Well, 11ax, right now, is probably -- I mean, it's in early stage, but it's definitely the technology that you want to be in for WiFi, for higher speed WiFi. So the 11ax engines that we have today are doing quite well. We name some of the design wins that we had. Cisco is one, for example. And what we do is we have great partnerships with some of the SoC players. So we're able to basically calibrate our solutions with the SoC providers, and together, kind of take advantage of the overall market and lever those solutions broadly with SoC partnerships, similar to what we do with baseband partnerships. We also have really good technology in WiFi. We've been a market leader from the beginning in WiFi and have been able to take the solutions up over the last several years at a higher and higher performance levels. The customer reach that we mentioned continues to expand. And WiFi has been a pretty big catalyst in our broad market portfolio and that's a portfolio we've mentioned has been growing at about 15% CAGR. So there's a lot of strength in that outlook in that portfolio. And we're seeing more and more customers and applications adopt 11ax, still early innings for 11ax, but I think we're very well positioned for that.

Well, there are elements of 5G in certain company launches, Ed, this fall, but you're right, I mean, 5G is really going to be more of a 2020 release I think in the market. There will be some phones that will have some capabilities. But the real upside of 5G is more of a 2020 and beyond opportunity. And we're well positioned for that with our Sky5 platform. We've got a really unique portfolio of devices that can be harmonized and customized depending on the bands and depending on the carrier and depending on the needs of the OEM. So I think we look good, but you're right, I mean the 5G opportunity is more of a 2020 play. We are working now on the design wins that will support that 2020 and beyond launch, of course.

Well, I mean, we certainly see millimeter-wave as another opportunity in mobile here as we go to 5G, there's opportunity on the infrastructure side, an opportunity on the handheld side, and so we're looking at both. I don't believe we're going to be impeded by any baseband. And we've been interoperable across the board here for years and years at all customers, including our largest ones. So we'll ensure that we're able to be flexible there. But those technologies, I don't think they're going to be widespread early on. But over time, millimeter-wave could be a catalyst in the industry. Again, infrastructure and within the handset and we'll continue to work on those opportunities.

Yes. So great questions. And I think what you're going to see is kind of a blending in of the technology over time. When you look at Sky5 and the incorporation of BAW, we're going to start to see that really roll off -- roll up as we move out. We're delivering solutions now this quarter that I mentioned. And what you're going to see now is the BAW technology that we're delivering is organic. The technologies that we mentioned in our prepared remarks about shipping this quarter, those are organic solutions. They're BAW-enabled devices and a system-level solution of Sky5 level solutions. They're not discrete filters. They're integrated with other elements. And it's Skyworks organic stuff, we've been working on this for years. And just to do a quick commercial on our filter business, we're doing 10 billion temperature-compensated SAW filters a year. We're doing hundreds of millions of devices in our Mexicali site. We've got a Singapore location that's also driving some very sophisticated package and test. So we have all of the critical supply chain elements to make it work. We've been very conservative about talking about BAW, but now we're there and we're delivering. And we expect it to be the beginning of some real significant opportunities as 5G moves along and the complexity of mobile phone continues to go up.

Sure. Well, we all -- we compete with lots of companies, lots of companies. So -- and we're used to that and I think it's healthy. And we've done our best to garner the lion share of design wins in areas that we can play. So we're not at all concerned about that. That is a normal thing. But I will say that in most cases, we've got very collaborative baseband providers that work with us and understand that ultimately, the work that we're doing as semiconductor providers is try to make our customers products the best. So that's the way we look at it. So we're working shoulder-to-shoulder with baseband partners, endeavoring to produce tremendous phones for our customers and tremendous technology. We're going to continue to do that. And it's made us who we are at Skyworks. There's a lot of really interesting things happening at 5G, a lot of very, very difficult challenges to resolve. We've got great people on our side, we've got great partnerships with most of the baseband players in the ecosystem is there and we'll be able to deliver the products that our customers want.

Thank you, and thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences and other events during the quarter. Thank you.