Thank you, Reena, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. Our outstanding discipline and execution enabled us to deliver third quarter results that met or exceeded our financial guidance in an increasingly challenging environment. We achieved the high end of our third quarter adjusted earnings per share guidance range and exceeded the high end of our segment margin guidance by 60 basis points despite significant headwinds from inflation, and supply chain constraints, which tampered down our top line growth potential. 
Despite that, organic sales were up 8% year-over-year driven by double-digit organic growth in Safety and Productivity Solutions, the commercial aerospace aftermarket from Advanced Materials and UOP. Segment margin expanded 130 basis points to 21.2% driven by strong actions that we took across the portfolio to address the headwinds we faced from inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions. Specifically, we've continued to operate our strong productivity playbook. We took swift pricing action that allowed us to stay ahead of the inflation curve. We drove a 4% increase year-over-year in -- on the top line and yielded approximately 40 basis points of margin expansion net of inflation. 
Adjusted earnings per share was $2.02, up 29% year-over-year, achieving the high end of our guidance range. We delivered a strong third quarter despite a volatile backdrop that included a hurricane in our PMT factory corridor, power blackouts in China and the persistent and ongoing impacts on the supply chain more broadly. I am pleased of our disciplined execution, which enabled us to navigate the challenges in the macroeconomic environment and capitalize on the ongoing recovery in our end markets. I continue to be encouraged by the strength we are seeing in many areas of our portfolio. 
Orders across Honeywell are up high single digits year-over-year organic, excluding the impact of COVID-related mask business, which has seen significant demand decline since the pandemic has been subsiding. Orders across Honeywell were up double digits year-over-year. Backlog was up 7% to $27.5 billion and up 9%, excluding the impact of COVID mask orders, driven by strength in many of our segments and positioning us to deliver next phase of the recovery as we head into 2022. As always, we continue to execute on our rigorous and proven value creation framework that drives outstanding shareholder value. 
Now let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss some of our exciting recent announcements. Last month, United Airlines and Honeywell announced a joint multimillion dollar investment in Alder Fuels, powering the biggest sustainable fuel agreement in aviation history. Alder Fuels is a clean tech company that is pioneering first-of-its-kind technologies from producing sustainable aviation fuel or SAF at scale. 
When used together across the fuel life cycle, the Alder technologies, coupled with Honeywell's Ecofining process, have the ability to produce a carbon-negative alternative to today's jet fuels. As part of the agreement, United is committing to purchase 1.5 billion gallons of SAF when produced to United's requirement, which is 1.5x the size of the known purchase commitments of all global airlines combined, making this easily the largest publicly announced SAF agreement in aviation history and demonstrating the power of Honeywell technologies continue to bring to the oncoming global energy transition. 
We also recently announced the acquisition of Performix, a provider of manufacturing execution system or MES software for the pharmaceutical manufacturing and biotech industries. This acquisition builds on our strategy to create the world's leading integrated software platform for customers within the life sciences industry who are striving to achieve faster compliance, improved reliability and better production throughput at the highest levels of quality. The Performix MES software joins Honeywell's large and growing portfolio of automation solutions for the life sciences industry, including Sparta System's quality management software and Honeywell's Experion Process Knowledge System. The combined offerings will address life sciences' customer needs across the product life cycles, from automation project execution to optimal production to sustainable quality. 
Lastly, we unveiled an all-new aircraft cockpit system earlier this month called Honeywell Anthem, the first in the industry build with an always-on cloud connected experience that improves flight efficiency, operations, safety and comfort. Honeywell Anthem offers unprecedented levels of connectivity and exciting and intuitive interface model after everyday smart devices in a highly scalable and customizable design. 
This next-generation flight deck is powered by a flexible software platform that can be customized for virtually every type of aircraft and flying vehicle, including a large passenger and cargo planes, business jets, helicopters, general aviation aircraft and the rapidly emerging class of advanced air mobility vehicles. In fact, Honeywell Anthem has already been selected by Vertical Aerospace and Lilium with their vertical takeoff and landing all-electric aircraft. As these announcements highlight, we're continuously innovating and enhancing our portfolio of exciting new technologies align to our long-term strategic objectives. 
Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 4 to discuss our third quarter results in more detail.

Thank you, Greg. Before we wrap up, I'd like to take a minute on Slide 9 to discuss an important topic: Honeywell's culture of inclusion and diversity. Our commitment to inclusion and diversity enables better decision-making, helps build competitive advantages and further long-term success. Inclusion and diversity is one of our foundational principles, and Honeywell expects all employees to exemplify these principles. We continue to build out our initiatives to promote racial equality and inclusion and diversity, including employing mandatory unconscious bias training to our global workforce; establishing a global I&D student committee, co-sponsored by me; and fortifying Honeywell's I&D governance structure by embedding I&D councils into each business group. We also established 2021 goals for each of my direct reports that include an annual objective of driving diversity in his or her organization. 
These initiatives have yielded results. Women and people of color represent a higher percentage of the workforce at Honeywell compared to our peers. In addition, representation of women and people of color in Honeywell has increased each year since 2018, which is a testament to our ongoing commitment to hiring, developing and retaining diverse talent. Now let's wrap up on Slide 10. We delivered on our third quarter commitments despite a challenging backdrop. As always, we remain laser-focused on executing our strategic objectives and investing in growth opportunities that position our business well for the next phase of recovery. We're executing on our proven value creation framework with the rigor you can expect from Honeywell, which will continue to consistently drive shareholder value. 
With that, Reena, let's move to Q&A.

Yes.

Yes. So the short answer to your question, Steve, is that, yes, we do expect the first half to grow. I think how much is going to be a little bit dependent upon some of the supply chain challenges that we pointed out that we're seeing in Q4. Frankly, we see it this way, which is on semiconductors, we actually see some positive tailwinds as we head into the first half next year. So that's good. I don't think that it's going to be completely alleviated, but it's going to get better. When it comes to some of the other components, particularly for Aerospace and some of the Tier 2, Tier 3 suppliers, particularly castings, forgings, things of that nature, we're not sure where we are in that improvement cycle because it really just kind of popped up in Q3 in a more acute phase. So we're a little more cautious there. But the short answer is we do expect growth in the first half of 2022. 
What I will say is that we have -- we'll have some headwinds in SPS due to sort of what I call COVID-related masks. But I think those are going to be particularly acute in Q1 of next year. They're evident here in Q4 of '21 and to a lesser extent, Q2 of 2022. And then it's kind of going to -- we're going to get back to that normal run rate. 
So we -- as you can see, I mean, it's -- the year '22 is setting up terrific. I mean, we're up double-digit orders growth in each of our SPGs. One exception, SPS is sort of, call it, mid-single digit. But if you exclude the impact of the COVID masks, we would be up double digit as well. So the only constraint that we see is, to some extent, the supply chain. And at least in semiconductors, we think that Q4 is the peak of those challenges. That's the way we see it today. Now I will say this lastly, which is it's a dynamic environment. There were some puts and takes here in Q3 that were probably more takes than positive. So we're going to monitor it as closely as Q4.

Well, I think it's -- all I can say is we expect growth in the first half. And when we get together with you in January or February to give you our outlook, we'll have a better view. But we certainly expect growth, the backlog supports that. And our story hasn't changed from really the end of Q2 earnings report. I think the setup for Honeywell for '22, '23 is terrific. There's nothing here that makes me want to change my mind. Yes, we're going to have to deal with some of the supply chain challenges. They're here. They're real. They're probably understated in the market. I think that, frankly, it's only recently that it's been realized how severe they are. But we've incorporated that in our guide for Q4. And I think we're working diligently to try to resolve them. I mean, we've been at this for 12 weeks now. And it's not just one way. It's not just pushing suppliers harder. It's also doing redesign, alternative products, finding different ways to generate revenue. So I think we've got a pretty good playbook. But I won't understate this. The challenges are real and very substantial.

Yes. Okay. Yes. So Julian, a couple of points. On Defense & Space, as you saw, we kind of had a -- frankly, a bit of a disappointing double-digit negative for Q3. But remember that had we not sort of had some of these supply chain challenge, which really became very evident in Q3 because think about these as Q3, Q4 suppliers which are smaller, which reduced capacity during the pandemic. And now we're getting a lot of demand, not just from us but probably some of the other aerospace players. It's going to take some time to work through that, but we would have been down mid-single digits in Q3 had that not happened. We have, unfortunately, more past due than we want Defense & Space. That's went up substantially in Q3, and we've got to work our way through that. What I will tell you about Defense & Space is if you look at our bookings or where we are at this cycle, early Q4 versus where we were at the same period of last year, that gives us some -- well, quite a bit of confidence that we're looking at flat to low single digits. Now that could get even better. I don't know that it's going to get a lot worse. 
What we're seeing here is, if you recall, if you go back to 2020, we had very strong orders and revenue in 2020 in Defense & Space. And you see the effect of some level of usage and destocking by some of those Defense & Space customers and distributors. So we're optimistic about normalization of that in '22. And based on what we see today, and this is important to say today and this could change, we see flattish to low single-digit growth. And let's now switch gears and talk about commercial aftermarket. We see that continue to improve it. You saw that strong growth in Q3. We think it's going to continue to get better. We're still nowhere near the 2019 levels, but it continues to get better. As you know, November 8, we're going to open up the borders, and more international traffic is going to step up. So as more international comes back as COVID abates, which we think were going to happen here in Q4 and Q1 next year, we see continued growth in our aftermarket, coupled with stronger growth in OE, both in air transport as well as PGA. So the setup for Aerospace, I think, for '22 is quite good. Greg, I don't know if you...

Yes. No, I can. So think about the impact in Q3 about $300 million plus or minus, and think about what's embedded in our Q4 outlook of an impact of $300 million to $500 million. Now in terms of lost forever versus push, it's not lost forever. I mean, as I talked about some of -- unfortunately, some of our past dues going up, and that went up $200 million to $300 million just in Q3. So it's not lost. 
We've got to be able to get our supply chain to function more to more effectively and efficiently. And that's exactly what Torsten and his team are working on and -- but it's -- we don't envision that as lost. Customers still need those products. And frankly, I think when this earnings cycle ends, I don't think we're going to be that unique in terms of some of the bottlenecks that we're seeing.

Yes. Well, yes, first of all, Nicole, I don't -- cost cutting is not what we're doing. We're actually investing this year, particularly in businesses like Intelligrated, which are growing at clips that probably no other business has seen before. But the biggest lever here, and I think one of the best operational stories for Honeywell that you see here in Q3 is our pricing discipline. I mean, we think we gain in terms of price/cost 40 to 50 basis points of margin expansion, and that's what you're seeing come through in our margins. I mean, I think that was a terrific commercial execution by the team, and they did a great job. So this is not so much a function of sort of cost cutting. This is more of a function of commercial execution. Greg?

Yes. And just to add to that, this is an important point. Honeywell digital kind of has 2 elements. Number one is it helps us to operate the business better, and Torsten had his team have done a great job instrumenting exactly how do we uncork some of these bottlenecks that we're seeing. I mean, it's not perfection. It's not that we're going to completely avoid them, but I think we're doing a nice job. And second of all, which is continue to drive productivity, as Greg pointed out, through automation. Automation is a big lever for us and one that, frankly, we're using aggressively, both in sort of our manufacturing facilities, but also in the office environment. And it's been enabling us to drive productivity.

That's a very good question, Jeff, and we've thought about that one. And you're right. With aged backlog, you got to be very, very careful because if you don't go back and revisit your backlog and reprice it, then you're going to have a problem. And I can tell you that's a very active exercise we're doing because as you can imagine, I mean, we -- just to quote some figures. I mean, steel is up 198% year-over-year; nickel, 25%; copper, 46%; aluminum, 66%. I mean, these are fairly substantial increases. So what we've been doing in more or less all of our businesses and particularly long cycle ones is trying to go back and reprice some of our backlog. You kind of almost have to do that because -- and not to even mention labor inflation, which we're also seeing. So it's part of our playbook, part of our exercise and exactly what we've been trying to do.

Yes. Let me start with the UOP question. I'll turn it over to Torsten the other. I mean, UOP's bookings remain very, very strong. You saw that both in revenue and booking rates here in Q3. So we're optimistic. And keep in mind, which really gets us excited also, and I've talked about this before. HTS follows UOP by a 12- to 18-month cycle. So it -- UOP leads, HPS follows. And so that sort of gives you another good indicator that we should see a nice impact on -- in HPS 12 to 18 months from now. We've done this analysis before, and that's the typical lead lag cycle. So not only it's just good news, and let's face it. I mean, we all read the same articles. The world needs more energy. Some of it is going to come from renewables, but frankly, some of it's going to have to come from hydrocarbons as well. So we think that, that's overall, the world right now is energy short. And there's going to be a reinvestment cycle, both in renewables to some extent, hydrocarbons. I'll turn it over to Torsten.

Yes.

Yes. Well, first of all, we actually -- just to give you a data point from Q3, our growth in China continues to be robust. We were up high single digits in Q3, and we actually don't see that abating. So our position in China continues to be very good. Our orders rate continuing to be -- there's -- as you know, there's probably a focus in China right now to actually generate more energy, particularly to support the industry right now that's happening in Q4. So we actually think that's going to create a very favorable investment environment and business opportunity for us. 
And the other business opportunity for us, which we're very excited about, is a focus in China on sustainability. And when we think about some of the UOP, HPS solutions and our Sustainability Technology Solutions business, that's going to create a giant opportunity for us in China and frankly, one we're very excited about. So we think that there's going to be kind of a twofold opportunity here. I think there's going to be a reinvestment cycle in what I call a little bit more of the traditional energy, but really an accelerated and more pronounced investment cycle in renewables. And as you know, we have a very strong position in China, and we think we could be a major player in that sustainability plan.

Yes. I mean, I think M&A is sort of still the desired way to deploy capital. I mean, we just -- we have done Sparta this year. Although it didn't require cash, we think the CQC Honeywell Quantum Solutions is a very important and meaningful transaction. Yes, it's a merger, not a deployment of capital, whichever was, it is a transaction that's critical for us. We just did Performix. It's smaller acquisition, but it's a critically important one. And you see a little bit of a pattern, right? Sparta life sciences, Performix life sciences, we like that segment, and we're going to continue to look. 
Yes, with this kind of interest rate environment that we have today, the M&A market is overheated. It is what it is. But I've said we're not going to stay on the sidelines forever. I mean, yes, versus any historical metric, the multiples are high. But -- and I don't love it, but the market is what the market is. It doesn't mean we're going to stay on the sidelines forever and wait for it to turn. I mean, it's been this way. I -- if interest rates go up, I do think it will probably cool off a little bit, so which may allow us to keep it more active. But we are active. We're looking at numerous deals. And nothing is 100% in the world of M&As, but we're hopeful we're going to be able to get something done. And certainly want to deploy our capital in that way, but it has to be the right business. It has to fit our technology orientation, has to get the right value for us, although nothing is cheap these days. And we're thrilled with what we're doing with Sparta. I think that's been -- looking back at this, it's been about 6 months plus since we've acquired that company. It's going to be a winner. I'm very confident with that.

Yes.

Yes. Yes. Well, as you know, the fastest-growing business in SPS is Intelligrated. It is margin-dilutive. We've been talking about that. And look, that business grew 60% this quarter. Any business growing at that kind of pace is going to have some challenges. But you coupled that kind of level of growth, which pulls on things like electronics, steel, metal, with the supply chain challenges we have. It's going to have some efficiency challenges, particularly since it's -- there's a strong correlation between third-party buy, our own manufacturing and installation. And when those things don't work together well, there are some challenges. I can tell you we're investing heavily in that business to really prepare it to be a $4 billion, $5 billion, $6 billion business, which is the path that it's on. So there's an investment play. There's an efficiency play and so on. Having said that, a lot of our other businesses, such as AST, such as PSS had an absolutely terrific quarter. PSS has been a great success story for us. It's winning in the marketplace. So we think that this sort of margin challenge is going to abate over time, particularly as we made some of the process improvements and investments in Intelligrated.

Yes. Look, I think this is becoming fairly obvious, and we all read the same articles and see what's going on, which is there's going to have to be a reinvestment cycle. As much as we all want sustainable and renewable technologies to take over sort of the energy needs tomorrow, it's probably going to be a little bit of a longer term.  And it's very clear to me that there's going to be a reinvestment cycle. We're seeing a good reinvestment cycle when I call some of the shorter project, refurbishment focused at the installed base. But we're a strong believer that there's going to be a fairly strong reinvestment cycle in '22 and '23. I think that's necessary. So we're bullish on that segment. And certainly, the price of oil, price of gas support that kind of investment. I mean, if you look at gas and oil, I mean, they're very, very attractive levels. What we need now is some level of stability. So that's good. 
But let me give you a couple of other specific data points, Deane. Our renewable fuel orders this past quarter were up 86%. I mean, I think we forget sometimes that we just characterize UOP as oil and gas. It is not just oil and gas. It has an incredibly strong Green Fuels portfolio, which is winning in the marketplace. We've seen 86% growth.  Also some of the energy storage controls orders were up 64% this past quarter in our HPS business. So those are just a couple of data points for you that we are very excited about the energy future. We have a portfolio that's going to play in it. Having said that, there's going to have to be a reinvestment cycle in sort of what I call the whole energy infrastructure.

I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong third quarter results and continued to navigate effectively through uncertainty, while gaining traction in key strategic growth vectors and positioning ourselves to capitalize on improving key end markets. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy. Thank you.