Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Before we begin the overview of the business and our Q2 results, I wanted to provide an update on the COVID-19 outbreak impacting individuals, companies, governments and markets across the globe. Our thoughts are with the millions who have suffered the effects of this global pandemic. At Skyworks, we are deeply engaged with our own employees, a team of more than 9,000 deployed across the globe. Since the crisis began, we have taken early and aggressive actions to protect our people. We've implemented multiple safety protocols, including social distancing, daily temperature testing and heightened sanitation standards. In addition, we initiated rotating shifts at our global manufacturing sites. The implementation of these protective measures has collectively allowed Skyworks to better safeguard employee health while simultaneously supporting our business and manufacturing sites worldwide. 
Finally, an update on the temporary suspension of activity in our Mexicali facility. After working in close collaboration with state and local officials in Mexico, we were given permission to resume operations last week. Assuming no further interruptions, we do not expect the temporary suspension to have a significant impact on our business going forward. 
Now looking at the second quarter in more detail. We reported revenue of $766 million, in line with our revised guidance. We produced gross margin of 50.2% and operating margin of 32.5%. We posted earnings per share of $1.34, and we generated strong operating cash flow totaling $280 million in the quarter. 
Further, our design win momentum reflects our execution across a rapidly evolving business environment, one in which our wireless technologies are playing an essential and critical role. We are enabling markets from telemedicine to emergency response, remote work, online education, real-time security, streaming entertainment and safe store-to-door food delivery. Our mission of connecting everyone and everything all the time has never been more relevant. During this time of social distancing and decreased travel, the technology Skyworks provides have become a primary means of connecting people all over the world. The rollout and adoption of 5G and other advanced wireless technologies, such as WiFi 6 and enhanced GPS, have become the pillars in support of the vast connected economy. Skyworks is proud to play an integral role in making these vital technologies and essential connections a reality. 
During the March quarter, we expanded our engagement with leading customers, securing key design wins across numerous applications from the mobile phone to wireless infrastructure, IoT, automotive, machine-to-machine and medical applications. In mobile, we are leveraging our Sky5 platform across multiple flagship 5G launches, including Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and other Tier 1 players, and expanding our technology reach across our customized Diversity Receive platforms with new 5G-centric solutions driving sharp gains in design win count. In IoT, we are supporting high-performance 5G and WiFi-enabled tablets specifically developed for health, safety and telemedicine applications. Across mobile operators, we are powering 5G hotspots with Verizon and AT&T, supporting the expanding work-from-home trend. We're extending our market leadership in WiFi 6 with home and enterprise gateways at Cisco. We're enabling home security applications at Honeywell and ramping remote patient monitoring systems with GE. We're also launching asset tracking and fleet management solutions with Juniper and Blackberry. Moving to the infrastructure space, we're supporting 5G Massive MIMO and small cell base station deployments across the U.S., Europe and Japan. And in automotive, we're accelerating connectivity content with leading brands, including Volkswagen, Renault, Hyundai and Nissan. These highlights demonstrate our technology leadership underpinned by a diverse and growing set of critical product categories, resolving increasingly complex architectures and preparing our customers for the performance gains demanded in 5G. 
In these unprecedented times, our existing technologies and connectivity protocols are processing extraordinarily high data traffic. This explosion in data consumption is taxing networks with real-time video, high-speed processing, streaming content and a long list of critical services, all dependent upon seamless, reliable and ubiquitous connectivity. To illustrate how the pressure on the network capacity is intensifying, just over the last few months, we've seen visits to Amazon website rise more than 30% year-over-year; Zoom video conferencing passing a milestone of 300 million daily participants; Microsoft Teams platform logging a single day record of 2.7 billion minutes. And now with 5G just beginning to launch, the average user today is still working with legacy technologies, showing system weakness in this high data demand environment. Clearly, more than ever, always-on connectivity is paramount. Skyworks and our partners in the mobile and wireless ecosystems are anticipating and accelerating the development and delivery of much needed cutting-edge technologies led by 5G, WiFi 6, enhanced GPS and other networking protocols. 
As Skyworks and the world navigate this challenging environment, our focus will continue to ensure streamlined high-speed connectivity, delivering a path for reliable, constant and safe communication, reaching all of our customers and their varied applications. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q2 and our outlook for Q3.

Despite the macro headwinds, Skyworks remains uniquely positioned as a market leader in the most important sectors in technology, capitalizing on our strengths in 5G and other advanced wireless protocols. We have made the critical investments in human capital, intellectual property and manufacturing scale to usher in a new era of ubiquitous connectivity. Our relentless focus on solving our customers' most challenging problems positions our partners to win by resolving complexity and advancing user experience. Skyworks' customer-first philosophy drives our product road maps, where we leverage unique, customized system-based solutions, purpose-built to offer interoperability, unprecedented levels of performance. Powered by the strength of our balance sheet and our cash generation capabilities, we are funding the investments that drive sustainable growth, differentiating Skyworks as both the leading technology innovator and a strong provider of consistent cash returns to our shareholders. 
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure, Vivek. Absolutely. What we have seen coming through the March period and then moving into April, we are starting to see some improvement in the demand profile. So obviously, we weathered some very bumpy seas here in the early part of the year, the whole industry. But our ability to continue to drive design wins, and some of the design wins that we consummated earlier and at the end of 2019 started to pick up a bit. So we were seeing a pretty rough period here coming through the end of March, but things have gotten -- improved, I would say, quite a bit as we've gotten into the first month of our June quarter. And we do expect -- again, there's some visibility issues out there, but we feel very confident about the range we put out on the June quarter, and we feel very good about the bottom end of that range and we certainly feel like there's a potential for us to go much higher.

Yes. Great question. So a couple of things. We have high conviction and are really happy with the design win position we have going into the second half of the year. It is really about timing, Vivek. It really is. We think the appetite from the consumer is very, very high. There were supply chain issues earlier in the year for everybody. And I think once those supply chain issues resolve, and they are resolving, the consumer then has an opportunity to capture that demand with high-end products. So we have very good position with the leading players both in the U.S. and abroad, and we do believe that the second half calendar year and Q4 for us are going to be much stronger than what you see in Q3.

Sure, Chris. Yes. What we're seeing is the Chinese account is actually recovering faster than some of the other players in the U.S. I think they were the first to be hit by the virus and they're the first to come out of it. So we are benefiting from some of the key brands, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, even some new growth now coming up with 5G with Samsung. And that portfolio right now is actually -- it's not quite where it was a year ago, but it's starting to move. The 5G penetration is strong and the velocity is picking up. So I think the unit growth is starting to pick up, but the content within the units is really important to us. So we're seeing very meaningful content improvement in 5G in China. And again, we've talked about it before, but you have to have that backward compatibility for 3G, 4G then 5G. So there's a really nice incremental move for us. There's also a great deal of complexity for the customer. And our job is to resolve that and lever the integrated solutions like Sky5 to make it really easy for the client. So we are starting to see that. And the Chinese brands today are really starting to move. There's still a lot of upside there from our base today, but they are starting to show some real good progress.

Sure, Craig, and you're right. I mean there was definitely a period of time and it's still being resolved with some imbalances in supply and demand. There's been quite a bit of demand in broad markets for technologies like WiFi, WiFi 6, even some of the GPS technologies, and we deliver those. So we, fortunately, do the lion's share of our business in-house, right, under our watch and our own factory. So we've been able to be more active, more agile in executing to those demands. And a lot of those demands, as Kris mentioned, were driven by new applications, work-from-home. Again, all of the services that are starting to create the opportunity, right, we're seeing today, whether it's safer home and entertainment, whatever it may be, the technologies that we make, not just 5G but the WiFi and GPS, are really moving fast. So we're getting to a point where the supply and demand intersection is closing. But we do see a meaningful change in user appetite for the technologies, right? I think you're going to see more and more folks now truly adopt telemedicine or truly adopt video conferencing, some of these things that were kind of nascent and really hadn't been played out. So we're looking forward to that. And the WiFi 6 technologies, as I said, are probably the leader in broad market. But we're also generating new wins with very, very important customers globally that 3 or 4 years ago really weren't on our list, names like GE, names like Honeywell, Raytheon, to continue to really broaden that reach in that side of the market.

Sure, sure. Well, as I said, we've got some pretty important players launching 5G, and the 5G story is all about incremental content, also incremental complexity. And I think it will be revealed that our solutions fare very, very well, and our content opportunity was meaningful and we executed on that. So some of that stuff hasn't hit the market yet. But we know what we're winning and where we're headed, and it's a positive move. We'll start to see that into Q4 and into our fiscal Q1, which would be the December quarter. So Q4, September through December, you're going to see a lot of that traction launch.

Yes. I think it feels like we're normalizing right now, Blayne, and starting to get to a point where there's real acceleration in supply chain. As you noted, throughout this period, getting from February to now, there's been a tremendous amount of supply chain breakdowns everywhere. We're fortunate that we have our own facilities and we can manage our house pretty well, but it's very challenging for the overall industry with some locations and some factories just not being able to get employees, right, for obvious reasons, for health reasons. But I feel like that's starting to abate now, and we're seeing more improvement. If you look at the Android cycle, we have really good print position with MediaTek, as an example, and they've been a real strong feeder for Asia and other emerging markets. Also, we're seeing some really good things, as I mentioned, with the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi names as we go forward. And the supply chains today, again, are getting cleaned up pretty quickly, specifically in China and other Asian markets. So we feel like that could pick up. 
And it's another thing that the overall theme here is that we've got a great technology in 5G globally, the industry, and the consumer has not had a chance to get there, right? We had supply chain issues. We had some shocks -- supply chain shocks in some cases where the technology wasn't there. We have people staying at home. They're not going to the stores. This is all going to abate, and the demand and the consumption for the technology is going to be there. And I think wireless, in this period of time that we've all been dealing with here, stay-at-home period, we recognize that the wireless devices that we have really are the bread and butter of our communication, our ability to work, our ability to communicate with family. It's really important, and I think the appetite for the technology is going to only increase and the opportunity for companies like Skyworks, we're happy to play a role in advancing those technologies into the future.

Sure. The story is getting better and better, Blayne, with respect to BAW. So we have some meaningful design wins that have been shipping, but the quantity of the device count now is going way up. So we're broadening the set of customers. And then some of the very strategic customers, the volumes and units, they are picking up. So we actually -- I'm going to give you like a highlight real stat here. We crossed 100 million units of BAW-enabled devices about 2 weeks ago since we launched the BAW technology. So we're really pleased at the launch. It's taken a little time, but we're accelerating. We have opportunities across the board with new customers. We have design wins with strategic customers today, and we're going to continue to advance that technology. And all of that stuff is being done in-house with our engineering teams, our fabs, our IP and just driving a technology solution that customers really want.

Yes. I mean it's a great question. So the DRx category, as you know, has really been an incredible performer in mobile device, capitalizing on downlink. And there are so many variants, Ed, for us. We have a really wide portfolio in that technology. And we are starting to see greater usage across the board. There are so many different versions, whether it's DRx, DSM, ultra-high-band, mid-band. You can go across the board, and we're able to play in each one of those categories. And it's a technology that requires very strong, very powerful filtering, the ability to work collectively with potentially LNAs and other technologies and then integrate in a way that works for the customer. So we're doing really well there. And we do want to continue on the BAW side to advance the technology into higher and higher bands and capture more and more of that pie. And I think we have some important customers and accounts that work with us that collaboratively we're trying to get to that solution together. But along the way, the DRx solutions are gaining a lot of share, a lot of traction. They're extremely valuable to the customer. It's a high-end solution at very fair pricing and allows the customer to get a great end solution. So it's -- that technology continues to move. The bulk acoustic wave technologies, again, continue to move up. We've demonstrated some volume now, but we still have a lot of room to move from here, I mean by no means have we captured all the businesses, a lot out there for us to go after.

Yes. No. It's a great question. So you're right. I mean n77, n79 are really important right now in the 5G landscape. And you're also -- you hit another point that I didn't make. The integration is so vital. We don't -- the integration for us isn't just kind of a cool thing to package. It is really about densifying the product. And Kris mentioned some of our capital investments are really around packaging advancements. We, of course, are developing filters and trying to raise the bar on frequency with our filtering technology, but you also have to have incredible technology on the packaging side to create that miniaturization. And with more and more technology squeezed in, you've got 3G, 4G and 5G incremental, you've got transmit, you've got receive, it's very, very complex architecturally. So those technologies that we have are critical. And customers do want to integrate it. I mean there's an appetite, in some cases, for discretes, but that's really moving in the rearview mirror. And the new technology, specifically in 5G, are going to be around densification, packaging and then bringing all of those elements to the customer in an easy, easy form factor.

Thanks, Craig.

Yes. Great. Great questions and lots of ways to think about it. So I'll tell you what we see now, Craig, and how it plays out into the future. We really are feeling good about the design consummation that we've made here. And those products, a lot of those products have not yet shipped. And you hit a couple of key points. Sky5, great traction, a lot of room. Diversity Receive, we're delivering that in low-band, mid-band and high-band on the receive side with some great technologies, all of that new. Then we start to get into the broad markets. We're seeing more and more -- I mean Kris touched on some of it, but we're seeing a real nice run-up in some of the WiFi technologies, WiFi 6, and those are not low-end products. Those are very, very high-performing data drivers. And in this work-in-home environment and some of the new applications that have been stimulated through this are not going to go away. The appetite is there. So when you get to the macro view of how do the numbers come together, it's really about timing. The magnitude of the dollars will be up. We know that and we know -- we believe that with great conviction. We're coming off of a low point as well. I mean this is our pivot -- Q3 is our pivot quarter. This is our pivot quarter. We're going to be up and to the right from here. And it's just about the rate of change or the rate of revenue and the timing, right? I mean the world really doesn't care about 90-day quarters. It's just about the actual growth and consummation of the demand. 
So we feel really good about it. And there's a reason for it. The products are better. The 5G technologies are much faster. They're more reliable, better latency. You can move it into IoT. There's just a lot to do. And unfortunately, this COVID-19 thing showed up. No one expected it and it put the brakes on the business. And now we're starting to recover, but we still feel really good about the outcome and where we're headed. Our factories are positioned well. We're in extremely close communication with every one of our customers, working hand in hand to consummate and intersect their supply, our demand, their demand, our supply working together. So it's a great opportunity for companies like Skyworks to shine. We have our own facilities. We develop at a chip level then integrate at a systems level. We can create flexibility for whatever market the customers want to roam in, what their size constraints may be, what their current consumption may be and weave that all together for a solution. But we feel really good about the macro theme here. It's been delayed, unfortunately, but we see that starting to come back by the end of this quarter and certainly into our Q4 in the second half calendar.

Yes. I think the video conferencing dynamic is incredible. I'm sure everybody that's on this call has been using that recently. And even the best technology out there today is still not good enough, in my opinion. And I think the appetite for that is really going to create some interesting dynamics for us. I think that's one really important one. I think the service community is going to be a big deal right now. I mean people are -- you're seeing how the world has evolved. We talked about some stats, about whether it's Microsoft Teams or Zoom or stay-at-home, food delivery. These are things that I don't think they're going to go away. Even when the COVID-19 pandemic is done, I think there's going to be some lasting behavior. And some of that's very good behavior for our business, where the consumer is going to rely more and more on wireless technologies and remote technologies to live their life. And whether it's education, whether it's health care, whether it's entertainment, all of those services are provided and can be provided through wireless technologies that we bring to market.

Yes. I mean we are doing that, but it's not -- it has been far less of face-to-face, hand-to-hand kind of communication, right? So we're not shoulder to shoulder the way we used to be. And we will be again, but in the meantime, we've got really clever engineers with customers that are very smart, and we're using the technologies we talked about. We're doing video conferencing, Microsoft Teams, a lot of conference calls, a lot of sharing of PowerPoint and openness as we go through this. So it is a different dynamic. I think most of us prefer the in-person contact, but it's one of the things that may change, right? I think the world may change as a result. There could be more and more distance-based communication. And again, that's more of a wireless play. But in the meantime, we're staying extremely close with our customers. We're taking care of our people. We're being good citizens in that regard, and we're hoping that we can all get through this together and look forward to better days.

No. The way we see it, and we have really good intel on this, is that we are gaining a lot of share, and part of it is the ability to do that integration and make it easy for the customers. So there's a great deal of interest and appetite and demand in China for a 5G product. And what we're doing is we're bringing in a highly complex, configured customer by customer, Sky5 platform so that those customers don't have to deal with all the complexity and burden of laying out 40, 50 different discrete devices to create a 5G engine. We're going to do it for them. And so that's been really the play for us. And it's worked out great. It gives our customers a faster time to market. It lowers their need for engineering burden. We can do that for you. And then we bring it to the market uniquely and differentiated.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking with you at upcoming events this quarter. Thank you.