Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. We finished a challenging year of a very strong quarter, driving sequential improvements from the third quarter in sales, segment margin, adjusted earnings per share and robust free cash flow.  
In the fourth quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.07, flat year-over-year and $0.05 above the high end of our guidance range. This result was up 33% sequentially from adjusted EPS of $1.56 in the third quarter.  
Organic sales were down 7% year-over-year, 4 percentage points better than the high end of our guidance range and 7 percentage point sequential improvement from the 14% organic sales decline in the third quarter. We drove double-digit year-over-year organic sales growth in Defense and Space, Fluorine Products and recurring Connected Software sales as well as 27% organic growth in Safety and Productivity Solutions and outstanding results.  
Our cost plans delivered our full year commitment of $1.5 billion in savings and helped us protect margins, limiting our decremental margin in the quarter to only 26%, an improvement from Q3 29% decremental margin. Segment margin contracted 30 basis points year-over-year, a significant improvement from the 130 basis point contraction in the third quarter, driven by margin expansion in Aerospace, Honeywell Building Technologies and Safety and Productivity Solutions. We generated $2.5 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, up from $758 million in the third quarter and 9% above Q4 2019, achieving 170% adjusted conversion.  
In terms of capital, we deployed approximately $2.8 billion of cash to dividends, growth CapEx investments, share repurchases and M&A. We'll talk more about our recent M&A activity on the next page.  
For the full year, we deployed $3.7 billion to reduce shares outstanding by approximately 3%. With these strong fourth quarter results, we finished 2020 with $7.10 of adjusted earnings per share and an 11% organic sales decline, both above the high end of our expectations from October. For the full year, we generated $5.3 billion of free cash flow, resulting in adjusted conversion of 105% or 16% of revenue, a very strong result.  
There's no doubt that the COVID-19 crisis created significant challenges for the business and economies around the world. I'm very proud of Honeywell's ability to rise to the challenge to deliver strong execution and sequentially improving results throughout the year.  
Next, let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss our recent M&A activities. I'm pleased with the progress we made in actively shaping our portfolio, and our recent M&A announcements directly align with our ongoing transformation into a premier software industrial company.  
In the fourth quarter, we completed 3 acquisitions and announced the fourth, all of which meet the rigorous criteria in our M&A framework, which ensures that transactions are aligned with our portfolio strategy and meet our return expectations. We have previously discussed the acquisitions of Rocky Research and Ballard Unmanned Systems, which provide emerging technologies aligned to strategic initiatives in our Aerospace business as well as our strategic investment with path to full ownership in Trinity Mobility, which supports our smart cities breakthrough initiative in Honeywell Building Technologies.  
In mid-December, we acquired Sine Group, a technology and software-as-a-service or a SaaS company that provides digital management solutions that are readily accessible with mobile devices. Sine's technology will enhance our connected building offerings and will also support a mobile platform for a broader portfolio of Honeywell Forge offerings. We will expand on Sine's features and solutions and make Sine's product available to customers globally.  
Most recently, we announced an agreement to acquire Sparta Systems, a leading provider of enterprise quality management software, or QMS, with the life sciences industry for $1.3 billion. We previously highlighted the importance of the life sciences market as a breakthrough growth initiative. The acquisition of Sparta further bolsters our software, controls and analytics capabilities in this space. Sparta's AI-enabled SaaS offering will combine with Honeywell Forge to provide greater value to our life sciences and pharma customers. Additionally, Sparta complements our growth strategies for the automation and visualization business within Honeywell Process Solutions, enabling greater penetration in life sciences and the pharma market segments. Sparta will further bolster Honeywell's portfolio of accretive, noncyclical, recurring connected software sales.  
I'm excited about the new technologies and adjacencies we have unlocked through our recent acquisitions and investments. We said before that we have an active M&A pipeline, and this series of acquisitions is further evidence that we are continuously developing our portfolio and investing in new opportunities.  
We also evaluate our portfolio for areas that are no longer core to our long-term objectives. Earlier this week, we signed an agreement to sell our performance and the lifestyle footwear business to a leading manufacturer of premium footwear and apparel, Rocky Brands. The transaction value is approximately $230 million and is scheduled to close by the end of the first quarter. Our SPS business will continue to provide industrial safety footwear for workers.  
M&A is just one important part of our broader capital deployment strategy, which also includes share repurchases, dividends and capital expenditures. Let's turn to the next slide to view our total capital deployment.  
In 2020, we continue to demonstrate our commitment to identifying and investing in high-return opportunities that help reshape the business for a software-oriented future. Over the past 3 years, we have consistently deployed more than 100% of operating cash flow to fund share repurchases, dividends, M&A and capital expenditure. 2020 was no exception.  
Even during a global pandemic, we deployed $7.5 billion of capital, essentially equal to the prior 2 years, demonstrating our commitment to investing in high-return opportunities in any environment.  
Now let's turn to Slide 5, where Greg will discuss our execution record in a downturn.

Thank you, Greg. Before we wrap up, I'd like to take a minute on Slide 13 to discuss one of the key elements of our overall ESG story.  
Last quarter, we discussed Honeywell's commitment to shape a safer and more sustainable future. This time, I'd like to focus on another important topic, corporate social responsibility. Honeywell's committed to corporate social responsibility and community involvement, which we demonstrate through unique global programs to look to improve lives and inspire change in the communities around the world.  
Beyond these programs, we acted quickly throughout the course of the pandemic to address the needs of our employees, communities and customers. A few of our more recent actions are shown on the slide.  
Most recently, we announced our participation in a unique public-private partnership, backed by North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper, to help support the goal of 1 million COVID-19 vaccinations by July 4, 2021. We are partnered with Atrium Health, Tepper Sports & Entertainment, the Charlotte Motor Speedway and the state of North Carolina to administer the vaccine, manage complex logistics and to provide operational support for mass vaccination events. We're very proud to be part of this effort to prevent further spread of the virus by helping frontline workers and other members of our communities get vaccinated.  
Another recent example of Honeywell's contribution to our communities is the important mask delivery milestone we achieved in December, where we delivered more than 225 million face masks that will protect workers in their response to COVID-19. We delivered N95 respirators and surgical face masks to multiple locations in the U.S. for health care systems, the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.  
In addition, we shipped millions of masks to both state and local governments. We're proud of these contributions and our role in providing much-needed PPE to workers around the country responding to the pandemic.  
Finally, we're also committed to recognizing and respond to the needs of our employees. We recently recognized the dedication and strength of our own frontline integrated supply chain production teams, who have been instrumental in keeping our manufacturing sites running safely, enabling us to meet critical customer needs during these unprecedented times. To show our appreciation, we announced a special $500 recognition award for each of our frontline production and production support employees. We continue to be inspired by the members of our integrated supply chain team, who have truly gone above and beyond to support our customers throughout this dynamic.  
Now let's wrap on Slide 14. There's no doubt that 2020 was a challenging year. However, we effectively managed through the downturn, the repercussions of the global pandemic by focusing on liquidity, cost management, strong operational execution and investment for the future. We drove sequential improvement from the third quarter in sales, segment margin, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow, creating good momentum into 2021.  
The past year was another proof point that the Honeywell value-creation framework delivers outperformance even in the most challenging economic and market conditions. We continue to invest in organic and inorganic growth opportunities in the downturn to high-return CapEx and M&A, positioning ourselves for the future and the recovery to come. These growth investments will help us solve challenging problems for our customers, address critical global sustainability issues and drive superior shareholder returns.  
I am proud of Honeywell's rapid and effective response to the challenges of 2020. Our employees around the world worked hard to quickly adapt and deliver through the crisis, including ramping up production of critical PPE, developing a portfolio of healthy solutions and delivering growth in multiple areas of the portfolio. We are well positioned for a recovery in the second half of 2021 and beyond as demonstrated by our expectation to return to our key long-term growth commitments in 2021.  
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. Yes, I don't know that there was anything unusual in Q4. I mean, I think, obviously, we kind of see our continued ramp-up of our SPS business. That will continue, but it does start planning at some point. PMT basically came out about it as we expected. As we know, the UOP business particularly is lumpy, and the mix of the catalyst ship can vary dramatically. 
I think if you look at overall, COVID is a big play in this. And I would say, especially as you compare the COVID situation early in Q4 versus where we are now, we're in a much worse place. I mean, that's -- so obviously, that has some weight on that. And frankly, we really thought about whether or not we should guide Q1 at all. I mean, I think that we're in a place that the level of infection throughout the world is the highest it's ever been right now, and there's a lot of uncertainty. But we thought we'd give sort of our best effort and provide a little wider range than normal to give our investors some of our best really educated view of where we think we're going to end up. But there's a lot -- there's more uncertainty this quarter. Greg, I don't know if you want to add.

Yes. And just to add to that, I think actually predicting that sort of in line is probably not that unusual. And then Aerospace, which obviously is our biggest business, the thing to consider there is if you look at infection rates and the fact that at least in the Western world, you had holidays, the air miles flown could be actually down, and we see that. 
We actually, given some of the outbreaks that we saw earlier this quarter in China and Asia Pac specifically is where we're seeing some pressure. So that's sort of the puts and takes of the quarter.

Yes. I mean, I think a couple of points. First of all, Steve, if you take a look at our conversion rate for 2021 versus that deconversion or deleverage ratio, it's better, right? It's -- and we project that in Q2 to Q4. 
The wildcard in a lot of this is aero aftermarket, right? I mean, that is probably the single hardest number for us to call because it is directly correlated to vaccinations and the speed of those vaccinations and rollout. If that comes in better than we're projecting, then obviously, there is upside to the margin rate. If it doesn't, well, then probably going to be someplace in the mid- to lower end. 
But I think it's really important to note something else, Steve, which is if you look at the upper end of our margin rate for 2021, I mean, we get back to 2019 levels. I mean, so basically, we're kind of taking a 1-year break. And initially, there were discussions about whether it takes us 3 years or 2 years to get back to that. And we're kind of getting -- look on the EPS range and so on pretty much to 2019. And of course, so it's sort of a 1-year break. 
But as usual, we're trying to be prudent in our planning this early on in the year with these many unknowns with the vaccine at levels the world has never seen. So we're trying to net that into our guidance. And obviously, we're going to provide you more clarity as the year progresses.

Yes, there's a little bit of a lag, but there will be a correlation eventually. So as you know, those numbers are kind of correlated. So as we track the flight hours travel, yes, there might be a bit of a lead lag, but the correlation is there.

Yes, let me start on, Greg, once. As you know, I don't think we're expecting dramatic margin improvement in Intelligrated in 2021, and let me explain why. The reason is that we're just booking an incredible amount of greenfield projects. 
You saw that it was another incredibly robust year in terms of bookings. We expect double-digit growth again. And particularly, what's really important is to look at the ratio of our aftermarket business to our projects business. And as you can imagine, it's not changing, or if anything, probably the projects are growing that much faster than aftermarket. So obviously, that was going to keep pressure on the margin. 
But we should view that as a good news thing because as I explained this before, eventually, when the growth slows down, the growth rate will be slower, but the margin rate will be higher. But we're still going to be very much in this greenfield expansion mode for the next few years, which means higher growth rates, lower margins, which over time is going to moderate to lower high top line growth rates and higher margins. So that's sort of how that business is going to grow. 
What's really encouraging here is the amount of share that we're gaining in the marketplace. There's -- unquestionably, this business is winning and winning big in the market.

Yes. I mean, a couple of things. Number one, so we're seeing very strong double-digit growth in our connected buildings offering. The SAP partnership is working. We're actually still innovating together. We're launching aggressive -- even more aggressively to the marketplace this quarter, next quarter as we complete some of that joint innovation. 
Just to give you a perspective across all of our business units, this will give you a hint as to how well this business did. Our Honeywell connected buildings business won the business unit of the year across all of Honeywell. So that will tell you a lot about its financial performance. 
So that business is growing as fast as any business we currently have, getting traction on the SAP partnership, but we're also getting traction in the marketplace because, frankly, it's a gap that's unfilled. And we don't think that there is anything out there that is comprehensive in terms of our connected building solutions than what we have, which really covers the full scope of energy management, occupant comfort, safety, overall maintenance footprint. So it's really comprehensive just about anything and everything related to a building, and that business is -- think about high double-digit growth kind of numbers.

Yes. No.

So the answer is defined. This is all about UOP. Let's start with that, right? So Advanced Materials, we're pretty comfortable with our growth profile. HPS, we kind of know roughly what we're going to do, which is growth. 
UOP is a little bit of an unknown, right? Because what we've seen can happen is that a lot of the catalyst loads or reloads get pushed out or projects get pushed out. To give me some comfort is that our bookings in the backlog are higher entering 2021 versus what they were in 2020. So I am cautiously optimistic. It's -- we're going to see the growth piece. 
But we've also seen some pushouts of particularly catalyst roads and delay in projects. If that happens, obviously, we're going to have to see pressure from the UOP side. And frankly, the price of oil is at a reasonable number right now. It's not in the 30s or 40s. Now it's in the 50s, which is quite receptive to investment. 
What worries me is that a lot of the big oil and gas majors who are our customers set their budgets just like we do in Q4 of 2020. So -- and they've announced some pretty big cuts. So what we don't know fully is are those -- are there going to be adjustments made based on the economic conditions, based on adjustments to those budgets? There is a point, there is definitely a pent-up demand because you can't underfund this marketplace for too long. 
So whether that happens in the second half of this year or 2022, that story's yet to be told. But what we don't know is we still have a lot of sort of bookings that we expect for the second half that we have visibility to, but they need to land. And that's why we provided the guide we did because we don't know whether or not they will land or they'll only get pushed out to '22. 
But I have zeroed out, and I mean zeroed out because I was in this business in '15 and '16, that there will be a big reinvestment cycle because you can't starve this market for so long. And that's why it's sort of -- we can debate when it will come, but there's no -- undoubtedly it'll happen.

Yes, that's right. Because, right now, those jobs are not booked in the second half. We have visibility during the pipeline, but until they book, it's a little bit of an uncertainty. We expect them to, but could they get pushed out to '22? Absolutely.

Yes. Well, I'll be honest. I wasn't -- I think we actually had a very reasonable year in 2020 despite some of the challenged markets we're in. But just to give you a couple of rough numbers, if you think about our overall software growth, it was mid-single digit even in the 2020 environment. 
And then for recurring growth because, frankly, we're sacrificing some top line growth because we're really converting our entire Forge business, Forge software business that's only sold as a SaaS offering. That actually grew in the teens last year. So that was a very good year, and we actually -- we expect an acceleration on both of those figures for 2021. 
But 2020, for me, was a really good proof point. This business is acyclical. And as we continue particularly to build that recurring revenue base, which is growing more than 2x our sort of traditional software base, it's going to be a great tailwind for the future of Honeywell and the future of that software business. And with offerings like we just talked about in connected buildings and our cyber offerings, I'm quite confident that it's going to continue to grow at that kind of pace. So the short story is we're seeing more traction, and we're winning more accounts.

Yes. And I would sort of -- I think I would classify our cash conversion in 2020 as exceptional. I mean, 105% conversion and 120% if you would exclude something very positive, which is the fact that we're one of the few companies that has substantial pension income. So we might be going from exceptional to very good. 
Frankly, the receivables performance was outstanding. We're not sure if that can be replicated. We're certainly going to try, but we're going to focus on some other elements. 
I'd also say we've done a nice job on advances on build, too, in terms of 2020. So I thought that this performance on cash was exceptional. 
And if you really take a look at -- especially if you adjust for pension or take a look at our cash generation as a percent of our revenue, you'll find that we're in the top quartile performance. And that's certainly...

Yes. Hopefully, by now, it's sort of clear that this is not locked, and it's not a onetime phenomenon, that this is actually a repeatable event.

Yes. And Jeff, maybe a couple of other things to add. There's really only 2 ways you can sort of monetize. The one way is, obviously, if there is no more people in the pension plan anymore, which, frankly, with a couple of CEOs from now that -- the other way's you could sell it to potential insurance company and so on. But there's a big premium on that. So financially, that doesn't make a lot of sense to do that right now. 
But I think what our investors should really remember is that when they think about pension, particularly given the derisking that we have and the amount of fixed instruments that we have there, this should be completely worry-free for them because even a huge adjustment in the stock market is not going to put us in peril. So I just think that this is sort of a safe haven in terms of an area that, frankly, is a big question mark for a lot of companies out there. For us, it's a big positive, and it's going to stay that way for the foreseeable future.

Yes. Good question. Twofold. The first one is the world, obviously, the world of energy and how energy is generated is going to change over time. And the direction of that is clear. It's going to be renewables. Energy is going to become much, much more prevalent part of the future. 
But it's also not going to be immediate. It's not going to happen in 2022 or '23, and it's going to be a slow, gradual progress. So a lot of the things that UOP still does will become relevant, particularly where a big part of that business being around gas, natural gas, which we know is the cleanness of the hydrocarbon. So that's Phase 1. 
So I think that we've got to continue to serve our customer base. And frankly, many of them will be transforming in terms of how they provide energy to the world. 
The second part, as you know, we've launched a new business within UOP called the Sustainability Technology Solutions business, which is going to become a bigger and bigger and bigger part of the UOP portfolio. And it really has 3 primary growth levers. One is energy storage, which is economically feasible and viable, and we're building and deploying our first prototype of that this year. So it's not a dream. Two is 360-degree plastics recyclability, which also we're going to be deploying some technology this year. And then the last one, where we're really the pioneers, which is Ecofining, which is going to become a bigger, bigger part of the refining footprint. 
So we've got 3 sort of -- this is under one business umbrella, and that's going to become our growth engine for the future. So what I envision happening is potentially, longer term, some of the more hydrocarbon-oriented offerings will slowly, and I emphasize the word very slowly decline while our Sustainability Technology Solutions business will grow very, very quickly. That's sort of how I see that business evolving. That's why we -- this is another place we're investing, put our dollars to work. 
And we're excited about the future and the kinds of solutions that we have. And as you know, we don't have better scientists anywhere in our company than in UOP when it comes to material science. So I'm quite confident that some of these technology breakthroughs will work and will really enable a path to the future energy footprint of the world.

Thank you. I want to thank our shareholders for their continued support of Honeywell throughout the macroeconomic challenges of 2020. I'm pleased with our execution throughout the year, proving that we can and will outperform in all economic conditions. We are well positioned for the recovery, and I'm excited for the opportunities to come in 2021 and beyond. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.