Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered exceptional results in the fourth fiscal quarter with revenue and earnings well ahead of our guidance. Importantly, the moment spanned across our entire customer base; mobile, IoT, automotive, cognitive audio and infrastructure. In fact revenues in our mobile and broad markets portfolios each grew 30% sequentially and generated double-digit growth compared to Q4 of last year.
Now looking at the quarter in more detail. We delivered revenue of $957 million, more than $100 million above the high end of our guidance. We achieved gross margin of 50.4% and operating margin of 35%. We posted earnings per share of $1.85, exceeding our guidance by $0.34, and we generated strong operating cash flow, totaling $267 million in the quarter. Capitalizing on years of investment in next technology generation products, we are now both driving and benefiting from the rollout of 5G in markets around the world. Recent data points highlight just how rapidly this adoption is accelerating. 38 countries have already launched 5G networks with more regions set to deploy. And already in 2020, 12% of the world's smartphones are 5G-enabled with projections of over 50% by 2023.  
Notably, the world's leading smartphone manufacturer has just now released its entire lineup of new 5G devices, a key catalyst underpinning our growth thesis. Although we are only in the early innings, 5G has arrived, ushering in a new and expansive set of opportunities.  
During the quarter, our solutions powered a broad set of use cases. From the newest and most innovative smartphones to industrial IoT, automotive, cognitive audio and touchless commerce. Specifically, in mobile, we accelerated the ramp of our Sky5 portfolio, while supporting leading 5G smartphone launches, including those from Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, Google and other major Tier 1s.  
In IoT, we enabled touchless point-of-sale systems at Square, powered WiFi 6 access points for Amazon, ramped WiFi 6 solutions for advanced routers at NETGEAR and ASUS, and launched residential gateways at Verizon and Telecom Italia. We also supported Facebook's newest Oculus VR platform. And we further bolstered our position in low latency cognitive audio solutions, powering wireless headsets at Logitech, Razor and Sony, among others.  
Now moving to the industrial space. We introduced embedded connectivity modules enabling Fibocom's latest enterprise IoT architectures. We delivered critical medical applications, at Boston Scientific and GE and also supported wireless utility metering at Itron and Census.  
In infrastructure, we secured multiple design wins in next-generation MIMO base stations and small cell installations. And finally, in automotive, we ramp telematic subsystems for BMW and Tesla and launched high-speed connected car solutions for Daimler as leading OEMs in Japan and Korea. These engagements illustrate the diverse and expansive nature of our portfolio, supporting a broad array of customers and applications.  
Fundamentally, our ability to execute and deliver on successive technology nodes fuels above-market growth. This momentum is underpinned by increasing demand for our unique system solutions, differentiated by performance, integration, scale and most importantly, customer value. Skyworks is well positioned to capitalize on the rapidly changing landscape with deep customer relationships established over 20 years, experience across multiple technology transitions. Strategic investments in global scale, a seasoned and talented workforce; and finally, an efficient cash flow engine that funds continuous development of market leading solutions.  
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q4 and the fiscal year, along with our outlook for Q1.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks significantly exceeded September quarter expectations in revenue and earnings per share, capping off a fiscal year that tested and demonstrated the resilience and agility of our business. As 5G revolutionizes connectivity and proliferates in global platform launches, we are ramping our innovative Sky5 solutions across a rapidly expanding set of end markets. Clearly, Skyworks technologies are playing an essential role in today's challenging environment, enabling ubiquitous, reliable, ultra-fast and safe connections, driving momentum across our portfolio while positioning our business for continued growth.  
Finally, our strong balance sheet and consistent cash generation provide a formidable platform for technology investment as we deliver premium returns to our stockholders.  
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line to questions.

Sure. Yes, great question. Well, let me start by saying, we saw a bit of the 5G ramp in Q4 and actually a larger part of that with our APAC customers. And so far, it's been going great. We have been winning business. We've been expediting products. The demand has been incredible, and so we're really thrilled about that. But it's also very, very early in the cycle. So our Q4 period, which accelerated rapidly towards the end of the quarter and brought momentum into Q1. Our Q4 period was typically led by the APAC region. As we move into our fiscal Q1, it's led by Tier 1 customers. And in both cases, we're very well balanced and well positioned. In addition to that, we round out with a great set of plays here in IoT and in broad markets, so really good strength that's moving into -- from Q4 and into Q1. And again, very, very early in the overall 5G landscape.

Sure. Sure. Well, as you see, coming off our Q4 guidance -- our Q4 delivery, which was $100 million above consensus and $200 million sequentially, just to make sure we get that right. And now we go into Q4, we're guiding about 10% at the midpoint. We feel comfortable with that. It's diversified across customer bases. There's certainly a couple of flagship players that are leading the charge. But we are working very quickly to get these products to the customer, and we know that the demand is there. So we feel very good about our outlook and look forward to delivering more as we go forward.

Yes. Honestly, we were working our tails off to deliver. We had customers that we were late on a lot of orders, scrambling to get these parts out. So we -- our inventories are very low. Our DSOs are down. It has been a breakneck pace operationally to deliver into this great cycle, so those have been the biggest challenges. There were some, I think, further back. We had some bumps with COVID issues in our own factories that created a little bit of difficulty in the supply chain. I think the 90% of that is bias and we're well positioned to continue to bring up the top line. But we had -- this Q4 and coming into Q1, it's been very aggressive demand. And a lot of that is unique to us. And it may not be to the total market, but for the things that we do, great portfolio right now, work at home portfolio that Kris mentioned. But really catalyst, whether it's Zoom video or Peloton or browsing real estate on your phone. 
The move towards connectivity is real. It's sticky. It's going to stay with us. And then on the 5G handset side, great position with the leaders in China with a tremendous amount of technology-rich content gains crafted in-house and then also some very compelling solutions with our largest customer, again, highly customized, crafted in-house that are just now moving out into the customer. So it's been a -- we waited for this for a long time. We've invested in this for a long time. We've been talking about 5G for quite a while, and we were very articulate and clear about our ability, our ability to win, and that's what we're doing right now. We're winning.

I'm sorry, I just wanted to add one more to that. I think when you look at the Android cycle, that really kicked off in Q4, where I think that larger Tier 1 is more of a December quarter play. So very good position in the Android, which will stay with us, launch a little bit sooner in 5G, a. Lot of great solutions there, a lot of embedded MediaTek play as well. That will continue to roll. And then you have more of the December quarter being led by the top players.

Yes, just really steep acceleration in 5G and also an incredible sticky set of opportunities in broad markets. The broad market business, not only did it set a record for -- a quarterly record, but it really had some incredible diversification with many, many new customers and we're really excited about that. We have a whole set of green shoot opportunities that we have consummated over the last couple of months that will continue to drive revenue for us into the future. So that was a great benefit. Some of those things with the pandemic as hard as it's been, there's been some opportunity that's come about. That's 1 area that certainly benefited.

Sure. Well, first of all, Huawei, as Kris just indicated, is a very, very, very small piece of our business right now, very small. And we don't expect there to be any upside going forward. However, as Chris mentioned, we did get a license from commerce, and there's a door opening potentially for more opportunities. We had a great position with Huawei, a few years ago. And they were our #2 customers. So we know how to work with them. And they were a company that were more of a high-end player, appreciated the integration that we provided and the technologies that we provided. So unfortunately, the trade issues separated us and also separated some of our peers. But if that door opens up and we're able to deliver, again, we're right back at it. There's nothing lost. 
But in the meantime, we're moving forward, we're working with all the other players in China that we mentioned the Android ecosystem and others. So we feel like we're very well balanced and hedged on that. If there's an opportunity, that's great. We know how to sell to that. We know how to design in. But we feel like a lot of that business has been redistributed, and we've been able to catch it on the other end. So we're not too concerned about it, but we'll certainly stay vigilant if opportunities emerge.

Sure. That's a good question. Well, as much as we're encouraged by the results that we've been putting forth and the content that we've gained, there's so much more out there, Ed. Tremendous opportunities that we haven't captured, new solutions that we're inventing right now that are going to be very different than what we have today. We're under the hood with all the customers and all the players. And one of the things that we do is we look and listen to see where the problems are, how can we make our parts better, how can we make Sky5 better, and we continue to do that. And that's the way we gain our content. 
A lot of it is just really getting in there under the hood, shoulder to shoulder with the best engineers in the world from Skyworks and our customers, and we try to figure it out together. And oftentimes, a solution is born. So I think the technologies that we're seeing now. First of all, we all know, everybody on this call knows that this is the early innings of 5G, early innings. And we think 5G today in 2021 and 2020 is going to be different in 2 or 3 years and there'll be a 6G. So there's a lot of work to be done, continuous work. Our customers are constantly pushing us. They want faster, they want more data, they want lower current consumption. And that wheel, that technology wheel continues to turn. So as much as we're happy with what we've been able to do so far. There's just so much more that we can do. So I feel very comfortable that early innings in 5G, you're getting read on that now from us, we can do a lot better. We think the adoption is going to go up faster and faster. We think the usage cases are going to continue to grow the same way they did in 3G and 4G. So I'm not too concerned about it. I think, for us, it's about investing in the right markets. It's about raising our technology bar and then executing with our customers. Those are the key key elements for us at this point.

Yes, I agree completely with that comment. I think we're getting into a world now where things are getting very complex. You can look at it from band count and 10 account, DRX, transmit receive, very, very complex. And our customers have a tremendous job on their end. So the burden on players like Skyworks is let's go solve this, let's go work it. And to try to configure in a platform in an integrated solution is just much, much better for the customer. It's difficult for the suppliers, but we are getting paid for that. And I think it's a unique set of technologies that we're seeing in 5G. We know there's more to do. It's one of the reasons why we've been an investor in our own fabs, whether it's BAW, whether it's TC-SAW, whether it's BGA capacity and packaging, all of these things, bring us the opportunity to deliver what our customers want unique. Each one having their own needs and satisfying those at every point. So there's a lot to do. We love doing it. And again, early innings, but there's plenty of upside from here that we got to just go earn.

Yes. 2 or 3 years ago, a lot of it was pretty narrow. It was mainly low-end connections GPS, early WiFi and some infrastructure. And if you look at the portfolio today, it is really diversified. We've got players like Ring, NETGEAR, Amazon, Sonos, of course, one of our larger customers, there's a lot of work in broad markets, names like Google. We have Facebook, really cool applications. We have an audio business that had a great quarter. Thinking about gaming, technologies like that with good margins as well. So it's not -- even though some of these products sound consumer oriented, the technologies that we bring are not. We've actually grown the business in automotive and defense. Working with more IoT partners like Fibocom that we mentioned. Again, access points and routers with WiFi 6 coming in right now. 
Some of the new applications that we've seen through this difficult pandemic I think we're going to be quite sticky when you look at whether it's work from home or work from anywhere. We're seeing those usage cases continue to grow. So we think that, that is a move up that is sustainable. We don't think that, that's a quarterly bump. We think that's a sustainable move. And invariably, we're going to start to see more and more wide area connections with 5G connecting some of these devices. So if you look at broad markets today, much of the connectivity is WiFi and Bluetooth and GPS. There are still some customers that are adopting 5G. But over time, I think you're going to see 5G converts of going beyond the handset and the and basically spreading into a number of applications, the car, the factory, some of the consumer options as well. And we're extremely well positioned there. I think that's one of the unique things about Skyworks. 
We can take the connectivity from low data rates, a very, very high data rate, and we can customize it by application. So that's an important part. And again, the customer reach in broad markets continues to extend. We'll report more next quarter as we look at more design wins and more players that we bring in, but it's definitely stepping up on its growth path, and we're really happy to see that.

Yes, Chris, that's some of what we're seeing. So obviously, we're agnostic to baseband and customers. We want to win with everybody. So Huawei had been a major customer for us for a while -- for a long while, and we just indicated earlier in the Q&A here that they've obviously gotten a lot smaller due to trade, and it's great if they come back. We're ready to go. But what we are seeing is a redistribution of that technology. Obviously, the China market still love cellphones, the global market does as well. And we're able to fortunately, with some changes in our design and certain things that we need to do to calibrate for the customer. We've been able to move a lot of that technology to the Oppos, to the Vivos, to the Xiaomis, even Samsung, as well. And if things change at Huawei, that's fine. That's great. We'll step right in and work with them. We have no problem with that. There's no customer issue. It's more trade related. But I think the need and the desire to have a 5G phone is very real everywhere. And certainly, we want to serve China the best we can.

Sure. Sure. Good question. As we had said earlier in the call, we had a really strong acceleration of design wins that we've been working on for years in investment and started to really see that lift off in the back half of Q4 and resulted in a $200 million sequential gain, $100 million beat to consensus. So a lot of momentum there. And as we entered Q1, our current quarter, we continue to see that. We've got some great catalysts with the leading player in the market right now with some incredible technologies that are just being launched. The China market adopted a little bit earlier, and we've been shipping well to that ecosystem, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, also partnering up with MediaTek to try to get that full pie of opportunity across APAC and doing very well with that. So our factories there are humming. Our teams are executing. The inventories are really lean right now. We're shipping overnight in many cases with our customers. So that's kind of where we see it. 
So when we look at the March quarter, it's a little bit too early to give you a guide on that. But if you just look at where we are, a $200 million sequential. We guided up 10% for Q1. We feel pretty good about the position. We also recognized, and I think we've mentioned this earlier, but it's true. These are the early innings of 5G. This is really the first quarter or so where these technologies are available. In many cases, in the U.S., there's still some products that people want, can't get yet. And that's going to happen. So there's a lot more to go, and the complexity is going to continue to move up, and the opportunity is going to continue to move up. And the adoption rate, which is extremely low right now, is going to move higher and higher every year. So there's a lot to do in the future. And we feel like we put up some really good performance here now, but we have a lot more to go as we move into 2021.

Yes. No, that's a great question. And the numbers, this -- last quarter are actually 30% sequential on each, so we had some really good balance. And if you look at what the market is bringing to us now, there's a tremendous amount of WiFi opportunity, GPS opportunity. And still some cellular opportunity that is going into broad market. So I think you've got 2 distinct portfolios that share a common supply chain and often can share a common technology that we can drive to. 
So over the long term, we want to be the connectivity leader in any application. And we can take the application, whether it's a gaming headset or it's a cellular infrastructure or whether it's in defense or automotive. All of those end markets are really our targets for us. And we could certainly do better, but we are pleased with what we've been able to do in the last quarter or 2 and look forward to a great 2021.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking with you at upcoming conferences during the quarter. Take care.