Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. 
Let's begin on Slide 2. This has been a very exciting quarter for Honeywell, capped off by another strong financial performance and several important recent leadership changes. I have asked Tim Mahoney, who has been the President and CEO of our Aerospace segment for the past 10 years, to serve as our Senior Vice President of Enterprise Transformation. In that role, Tim will oversee Honeywell Digital, our global cross-functional digitization initiative that is driving improvements in customer service and efficiency. 
Tim's outstanding leadership has enabled Aerospace to deliver exceptional results. Additionally, within Aero, Tim led the creation of Honeywell's best digital environment, and I'm looking forward to leveraging that experience and having his expertise in this crucial role as we continue to evolve as a software-industrial company. 
Taking over for Tim as the leader of Aerospace is Mike Madsen, who previously led our Aerospace integrated supply chain. Mike has also served as the President of our Defense & Space business and has held leadership roles within our Air Transport and Regional business. 
Mike began his career at Honeywell. He's had 3 decades of leadership experience here. We are fortunate to have someone of Mike's extensive background at the helm of Aerospace. 
These appointments are effective immediately, but Mike and Tim will, of course, work closely together throughout the fourth quarter to ensure a smooth transition. 
In addition, Jeff Kimbell has been named Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer, who is overseeing our sales and marketing organizations to drive profitable organic growth. Jeff joins us from McKinsey, where he's a partner in the transformation practice. 
Last, Deborah Flint has joined our Board of Directors as an independent director. Deborah is the CEO of Los Angeles World Airports, where she's overseeing the complete modernization of LAX, including championing the use of IoT technologies. Her deep knowledge of and experience with critical infrastructure, connected buildings and advanced security solutions will be invaluable to the Board and our ongoing transformation. 
We have the right leadership team in place, a deep bench of up and coming leaders and an engaged and experienced Board of Directors that will help us continue to deliver the results you have come to expect from Honeywell. 
Turning to Slide 3, let's discuss a few of our recent highlights and wins. Through our Honeywell Connected Enterprise, we launched Honeywell Forge cybersecurity, aimed at helping customers identify and act on cyber-related incidents. We once again had double-digit growth in total Connected Software sales as well as continued growth in connected orders during the quarter. 
We announced that Honeywell was appointed by Kuwait Integrated Petroleum Industries to provide technology and production systems to the Al-Zour refinery, which will be the largest integrated refining and petrochemical plant ever constructed in Kuwait. 
In addition, Honeywell was ranked 13th on Forbes' 2019 World's Most Reputable Companies for Corporate Responsibility. Our position on this list is a testament to all we have done and continue to do to be strong advocates for the environment, our diverse employee base and our communities. 
Now on to Slide 4. In the third quarter, we continue to drive strong financial results, delivering adjusted earnings per share of $2.08, $0.06 above the high end of our guidance range. We grew organic sales by 3% driven by the strength across Aerospace as well as in our Process automation and Building Technologies businesses. Aerospace generated double-digit organic sales growth for the fifth straight quarter driven by our strong positions on key platforms, robust defense portfolio and ongoing demand for aftermarket services. 
Our long-cycle backlog was up approximate 8% year-over-year driven by Defense & Space and UOP bookings as well as the strong warehouse automation orders in HBS projects orders, which each increased over 20% in the quarter, positioning us well for the remainder of the year and into 2020. 
Our organic growth, combined with the benefits of the portfolio enhancements we have made in 2018, and our operational excellence initiatives, drove segment margin expansion of 180 basis points, with segment margin again exceeding 21% this quarter. Excluding the favorable margin impact from the spin-offs, segment margin expanded 80 basis points, which was 40 points above the high end of our guidance. 
During the quarter, we generated $1.3 billion of adjusted free cash flow, we remain focused on our working capital management every level of the organization and expect to deliver our cash flow commitment for the full year. As we've done throughout the year, we continue to execute on our disciplined capital deployment strategy. 
During the quarter, we repurchased $1 billion of Honeywell shares and announced a 10% increase in our dividend, our 10th consecutive double-digit increase. We also closed 3 Honeywell Venture investments and completed the acquisition of TruTrak Flight Systems, a leader in autopilots for the experimental, light sport and certified aircraft. 
In the first 9 months of 2019, we have deployed $5.5 billion to share repurchases, dividends and acquisitions. Additionally, during the quarter, we issued $2.7 billion of senior notes to refinance October debt maturities at attractive interest rates, further strengthening our balance sheet. 
I am very pleased with our performance this year, and I'm confident the team will continue to execute and deliver our full year plan. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg, who will discuss our third quarter results in more detail and provide our updated full year 2019 guidance.

Thanks, Greg. Overall, we are pleased with and encouraged by the performance from our businesses in the first 3 quarters of 2019. We continue to execute on our commitments to share owners, are generating strong organic growth in many end markets and have many ways to further expand margins and grow earnings. 
We continue to invest in our businesses' growth initiatives and deploy capital to generate high returns. Our track record of execution continues, and we're making progress in our business transformation initiatives, including Honeywell Connected Enterprise, Honeywell Digital and supply chain transformation. We still have a lot of work to do with these initiatives, but I'm pleased with the early progress and the significant opportunities they provide for Honeywell. 
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Well, yes, I think it's pretty good. I mean any time you get double-digit growth, and record margins, well, it's terrific, but we don't think that, that kind of growth is far from over. Maybe certainly, we're in a very favorable economic conditions. But as we kind of look into 2020, we continue to be bullish on this business. The management change really has nothing to do with the market conditions. I mean I think, frankly, Tim has a core skill set that's very unique to what he's trying to accomplish in Honeywell Digital. We're trying to template what was done in Aerospace because they're substantially more advanced than the rest of Honeywell. Tim expressed the desire, and I fully agreed and encouraged him to take on a new role to wrap up kind of his career, and Mike Madsen has been a terrific leader for decades in Honeywell. So I think that this is kind of a natural transition. But I wouldn't read into the management changes has anything to do with the Aerospace market conditions. 
When I point to figures such as 60% of our orders already backlog through 2020, I think flight hours are going to continue. Our aftermarket business is strong. There's a lot of DGA platforms that our ongoing production rates are strong. Hopefully, we'll see the 737 MAX return to higher productions rates and back to service. So I don't see any kind of a doom and gloom scenario for the Aerospace segment for the foreseeable future. As a matter of fact, I'm quite bullish on it.

Yes. I mean yes. I think the tough -- the comps are going to get obviously tougher because you'll have had double-digit growth for 5 consecutive quarters. But I don't think that there's -- I'm anticipating any kind of a crash or negative growth. We're still expecting to grow next year. That's the expectations. Those are already planned. We're going to provide you more detail in probably 2020. But overall, the business continues to have levers for growth and also for continued margin expansion. Because I think something that gets dramatically understated is our focus on productivity, which you saw on our margin profile this quarter, which is continue on restructuring, driving Honeywell Digital, ISC transformation, the power of one on the commercial and fixed cost side. And you see that coming through in our numbers. So no matter what the market conditions are, that's part of the Honeywell playbook.

Yes, sure. I mean I think, overall, despite some of the negativity in the news, we actually saw pretty good growth, both from a revenue and orders perspective. By far, China had the best quarter of the year. Think mid-single-digit in terms of revenue growth, strong double-digit orders growth, bookings up double digits, so actually had a very, very good quarter in China. Our long-cycle businesses performed extraordinarily well, and it was a good quarter. 
Despite what we read in Europe, Honeywell had a very strong quarter in Europe as well. I mean up mid-single digits, strong growth across the board. Probably, the only exception was Italy. We had a little bit of a tougher. But overall, Europe was strong. Lat Am actually had a pretty good quarter as well. They were up. Think about kind of a mid-single-digit growth. And again, with some of the challenged economies there, it was a pleasant surprise based how we're doing. Russia actually did well. Middle East did well. A little bit of the soft spot was India, which was a bit unusual for us in Q3, but we're still expecting in India double-digit growth for the year. So I'm not particularly alarmed by the one data point. And then U.S., obviously continues to be strong. So overall, both as I look at revenues and, more importantly, orders, which is what positions us for 2020, it was actually a pretty strong story and one that was very encouraging.

Yes. I think, Scott, that, that varies based on the franchise. I mean first, some of the connecteds are further ahead than others. For example, in Q3, we had connected builds and the cybersecurity leading in terms of strong double-digit growth. Some of them are a little further behind. We have more mature offerings, I would say, in cyber, in the aircraft segment, the building segment. Some of them are still in the development stage. So some of them are -- that's typically how you start in an engagement of a customer. You kind of do a proof of concept. The customer is happy with that proof of concept, moves on to a broader assignment. So with -- are some that are in a broader rollout stage and some that are in a proof-of-concept stage. As an example of our success, we've had a major player in the Middle East do a proof-of-concept for us, which was highly successful, and that same player is now rolling out our Forge solutions to the entire oil and gas infrastructure, which will be worth millions of annual dollars per year. So I think it just depends which one we're talking about, but I think, overall, Forge was still in the early innings, and we're just launching the various Forge offerings.

Yes. And just maybe to add -- yes, just add a couple of things to that. One is I think although maybe at a high level, obviously, we would like to print better results on SPS. But in terms of productivity products, we -- we're executing what we should be executing. The inventory levels are dropping and are -- and we know exactly what they are, and they drove double-digit campaigns in Q3. We see our sales out, they are improving. We see better activity -- commercial activity on our Tier 1 wins. So it's still not resulting in the financial results we'd hope to see, but the progress from Q-over-Q is good. We've also enhanced some of the talent in that business, and we've had some new people join. So I would say that for productivity products, we're very much on track. 
Intelligrated, which is maybe other part of the story, I think as we discussed at the end of Q2, we got exactly the orders we expected to get; 24% growth in Intelligrated year-over-year. They came in late. They came in late in September, which are egregiously when they come that late and it's still a projects kind of business, takes at least a couple of months to convert orders -- at least to begin to convert orders into revenues. So probably, we won't see more of that until we get to next 2020. 
But the other expectation I want to highlight is we're expecting another robust booking quarter in Intelligrated in Q4 this year. So I think we're -- I'm not worried at all about what's going on in Intelligrated. I think the market is being challenged through the first half of the year. When you look at data points from CIMA and some of our industry competitors, I think we're very much in line or even better than some of them. So I'm not -- I think 
[Audio Gap]
we're executing as...

Yes. I'm sure -- I think it's -- I think the short story is kind of neutral. I think when we get into next year, it's probably a little bit tougher comps given the double-digit growth rates, so I think that that's realistic. You have some puts and minuses. I mean it's the 737 MAX, we anticipate it'll be back in service next year so that we'll get a little bit more OE. Probably, some of the older aircraft will not be flying, so we'll probably have a little bit more of the aftermarket stream. I think with business aviation, we'll continue to be robust. We're very bullish on Defense & Space. We're seeing good growth in space and the helicopter markets again. 
I think probably the toughest things on a year-over-year basis will be the comps. The comps will be tougher. But I'm not sure there's any kind of major onetimers that I think would prevail. In terms of the RMUs and so on, we're continuing to invest. And our NPD engine on that, that's been very successful for us. And obviously, Forge will grow. So that's -- those are kind of the major puts and takes.

Yes. I think maybe, Jeff, just something else to add. We kind of give you a point number on below-the-line impact, and I think that's approximate. I think we're probably going to revisit that for next year because it really isn't a point number. There is some movement in it. It can happen from quarter-to-quarter. And I think just to be that precise and give you that precise number is probably a little bit inaccurate. I mean we try to get as close as we can to our estimates, but we have some moving pieces in there that Greg just described. So I think -- I don't think there was anything major that moved. There's no major assumption changes or…

But a couple of little things moved $20 million, $30 million, which, given the size of our company, isn't much. And you'll get a different outcome. So I wouldn't read too much into it.

Yes. As Greg pointed out, I think the biggest mover for us here in the Q3 was sort of this movement around the advances/unbilled in much of our projects business. That's really the biggest needle mover. And we got a lot of our orders late. We weren't able to collect the cash. And with -- from a last year perspective, a lot of those orders came in earlier in the year, so we had the benefit of the advances. It's not the case this year, and that was a big swing. That was maybe not as big of a factor, but our reinvestment ratio was the highest in Q3 versus the whole year, so that's probably the other factor, although not the major one for the cash outcome.

So we were actually very pleased with our global major projects this quarter. I mean we were up strong double digit actually in that segment, so that was one of the really nice stories for us for the quarter, probably even better than we expected. So really nice progress, and Q4 looks quite robust as well. So hopefully, we'll be able to secure those as well. But I think that was one of the more positive stories for us in the quarter and good orders growth in Russia, China, some of the economies that have been -- that are presumably challenged. But frankly, we're not seeing that.

No, I don't. I -- we -- we're not generally a final system provider. We are component Tier 1 provider to those. I don't think that calculus changes with the consolidation that's happening. We continue to be a good supplier to a lot of those integrators and system providers, but I don't see that dynamic changing.

Yes. I mean in terms of kind of some of the changes, I think we had a relatively slow start in Europe for month 1 and month 2 of the quarter. And they were a little bit concerned heading into September. But September actually was very, very robust. And economies like Germany, France, the U.K., all did very, very well. So we had -- although we were worried, but September was very, very robust, much better than sort of what the industrial GDP print would have you believe. So that was certainly better. 
Kind of as we think about 2020, it's probably -- as Greg pointed, it's probably a tougher economic environment in 2020 than it is in 2019. But on the flipside of that, I don't see some fall off the cliff. I don't -- as I look at our backlog, as I look at our growth rates in terms of the long-cycle businesses, the level of bookings we have for Defense & Space, the SPS pickup that we're expecting, reasonable comps for Aerospace, although tougher, but maybe not double digit, but still could grow, we're certainly not -- we're far from planning 2020 right now based on what we see as doom and gloom kind of a year. That's for sure. And if anything, hopefully, there'll be some more positive outcomes. Looks like Brexit may reach a positive conclusion based on news we're hearing this morning. Hopefully, there'll be more of that positive news to go here in Q4.

Yes. Well, I think as we've stated in the last quarter, I think productivity products is the business where we're focused on some improved commercial activity. We saw some good signs of that in Q3. And if you look at the margin profile -- incremental margin profile from Q2 to Q3, it was better. The team has adjusted their cost structure to the market reality or their revenue base. But yes, I mean, I think we're trending in the right direction, so we do expect productivity products to return to growth in 2020. That's very much our expectation. Based on what I'm seeing today, I don't see anything which would prevent us from doing that, so I can't tell you whether it's exactly 5 quarters or 3 or 4, but it -- we expect growth in 2020 is kind of the short story.

I want to thank our shareowners for continued support of Honeywell. We have delivered strong results each quarter this year and have continued to make great progress on our initiatives and delivered on our commitments. We are well positioned in attractive end markets with multiple levers for value creation and operational excellence in place. 
We are focused on continuing to outperform for our shareowners, our customers and our employees. Looking forward to sharing our results as well as our 2020 outlook during our fourth quarter earnings call in late January. Thank you for listening.