Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Before we turn the slides, I would like to make a few opening remarks. We're clearly holding this call during unprecedented times. The COVID-19 pandemic has widespread impacts on our communities, from our families, friends and neighbors to our employees, customers and suppliers. At Honeywell, our #1 priority is the health and safety of our employees. We have taken many precautions to preserve the well-being of over 100,000 employees around the world, resulting in very few infections across the company. Each of our employees is demonstrating a strong commitment to our company, to our customers during these challenging times. I sincerely thank them for their strength, resilience and courage. 
I would also like to express my gratitude to the men and women on the front lines of this fight. The health care workers are working every day to overcome this global health emergency. They are the heroes, and we're doing everything we can to support them from increased production of personal protective equipment and other critical supplies. 
This morning, we'll discuss 6 key topics. First, we'll review our first quarter performance, a quarter during which we over-delivered on our original EPS and segment margin commitments despite a rapidly deteriorating environment. I am particularly proud of this outcome as even in a crisis, we demonstrated that our investors can count on a reliable, say/do outcome. 
Second, we will discuss how we're working to keep our employees and the men and women on the front line safe and healthy. Third, we'll discuss our outlook for the second quarter. The next few quarters are likely to be amongst the most unpredictable quarters we have ever experienced, and our visibility is limited under the current circumstances. Accordingly, our outlook for the second quarter will have less detail than usual, but we'll provide a level of detail that is commensurate with our visibility in the current environment. We're also suspending our full year financial guidance until the economic environment stabilizes and we can once again provide a reliable forecast. Fourth, we will provide an overview of strong balance sheet and liquidity position, which reflect years of responsible balance sheet management. 
Fifth, we will outline decisive and expeditious actions we have already taken to manage through the crisis, protect shareholder value and emerge stronger than ever. We cannot control the pandemic, but we can control how we're mitigating risk to our operations and supply chain, engaging with customers, managing costs and preserving liquidity. As you will see, we are applying Honeywell's usual level of discipline and diligence to this unprecedented situation. We've already locked in plans, which we are executing so we are not searching for answers as the crisis continues to unfold. And finally, we'll provide an overview of some new opportunities that are well aligned to our portfolio.
Let's begin on Slide 2. We delivered EPS and segment margin expansion above the high end of our original guidance in a rapidly deteriorated environment. Earnings per share for the first quarter was $2.21, up 15% year-over-year, and segment margin expanded 140 basis points to 21.8%. 
The global spread of COVID-19 during the first quarter created operational constraints for Honeywell, our suppliers and our customers. In some cases, access to customer sites was restricted impacting our ability to complete deliveries and provide services. COVID-19 and the OPEC+ dispute also caused demand weakness, particularly in our short-cycle businesses and in the aerospace and oil and gas end markets. The combination of these effects resulted in an organic sales decline of 4%. 
As you have come to expect from Honeywell, we responded quickly to changing conditions by implementing cost control measures, which combined with our productivity rigor and the commercial excellence, drove 140 basis points of segment margin expansion, 90 basis points above the high end of our first quarter guidance. We also generated $800 million of free cash flow despite lower cash collections from customers at the end of the quarter due to the challenging macroeconomic conditions. 
We continue to implement a responsible and balanced capital deployment program during the first quarter. We deployed $2.7 billion of capital across share repurchases, dividends and high-return CapEx investments to position our company for the future. This was a challenging first quarter due to the rapid escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic and the OPEC+ dispute, where effectively -- but we effectively managed to the challenge to over-deliver our profit commitments, demonstrating our strong say/do. 
Let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss our response to the pandemic. As the COVID-19 pandemic started to evolve, we acted quickly to ensure the safety of our employees as well as to aid in the frontline response to the crisis. We implemented several precautionary measures to keep our employees safe including travel restrictions for all employees and full-time work from home for nearly all of our nonmanufacturing employees. At Honeywell locations where work cannot be performed remotely, such as manufacturing sites, we implemented measures to protect our employees, including restricting visitors, enhancing site cleaning and sanitation regiments, provide hand sanitizers, staggering shifts and lunch breaks and putting safe distance practices in place where possible. Where social distancing is impossible, we have also provided employees with masks. We have also implemented mandatory temperature screening at several locations and are putting capabilities in place to expand that practice as needed. We'll continue to comply with all local and national guidance from governments and health authorities. 
In addition, we announced that Honeywell will pay for coronavirus testing and treatment costs that are not covered by employees insurance and will provide a full year of paid sick time upfront for U.S. nonexempt employees. Finally, we announced a $10 million employee relief fund to help employees in financial distress. 
We also recognize the urgency to keep medical professionals safe. We have quickly ramped up production of our personal protective equipment to address unprecedented demand. We recently announced that we're adding manufacturing capabilities to our existing sites in Smithfield, Rhode Island and Phoenix, Arizona to produce millions of N95 masks to help support the urgent need for critical safety equipment. The additional capacity of these 2 facilities is expected to create more than 1,000 new jobs and produce more than 20 million N95 disposable masks monthly to support the U.S. government's efforts to combat the virus. Our Smithfield, Rhode Island facility is already producing N95 masks. We installed a production line in only 5 weeks, a process that normally takes 9 months to complete. 
Honeywell is supporting the fight against COVID-19 in other ways as well, including increasing production of our other critical personal protective equipment, such as safety eyewear and face shields, increasing production of sensors used in ventilators and providing testing services to ventilator manufacturers. 
Finally, we recently announced that we will shift manufacturing operations at 2 chemical manufacturing sites in the U.S. and Germany to produce and donate hand sanitizers to government agencies in response to shortages created by the COVID-19 pandemic. These sites, which manufacture high-purity solutions for laboratory research and testing applications, will produce hand sanitizers over the next few months for government agencies to distribute to entities in need. These are certainly challenging times, and we're proud of our role and the many actions we have taken to produce essential personal protective equipment to keep the heroes on the front lines safe. 
Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 4 to discuss our first quarter results in more detail as well as to provide our views on the second quarter and the balance sheet.

Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 8. As the COVID-19 pandemic started to spread, we immediately acted to maintain the continuity of our operations and keep serving our customers. These actions, in addition to Honeywell's diversified portfolio, strong balance sheet and history of discipline and resilience in uncertain times, demonstrate our ability to manage through a difficult situation. We've already discussed our efforts within the supply chain and balance sheet this morning so let me walk you through the -- our 3 other key priorities. 
Starting with sales generation. We rapidly redeployed around 1,000 of our sellers to align to areas where we're seeing market demand, particularly on our health care, e-commerce supply chain, remote factory operations, cyber security and PPE offerings. We modified the sales incentive plans for our 6,500 sellers, ensuring our sales teams have the proper motivation to find the areas of growth in our target markets. Also, to ensure our sales managers and sellers have the skills they need and best practices to virtually connect with our customers, we developed playbooks containing sales best practices and lessons learned from our China team, who were the first to implement virtual selling techniques. 
While not easy, our sellers have embraced the challenge and opportunity of maintaining a high level of communication with our customers. One of our HBT employees even turned a room in his house into a live demo center for customers, and he used it to launch a product to 40 of our top European partners via video. 
We're also in the process of launching e-commerce websites to enable our transactional customers to receive product information and place orders quickly and efficiently. For example, our research chemicals business launched a new website to enable their customers, performing important lab work associated COVID-19 pandemic, to quickly and easily replenish their laboratory supplies. 
Our sales and demand generation actions are being reinforced by rigorous weekly review process led by me personally, together with Jeff Kimbell, our Chief Commercial Officer. Demand generation remains a priority even in these difficult conditions. 
Let's move next to our cost-control actions. Our focus is on maintaining our employee base while also positioning the company for long-term performance post crisis. We have rapidly implemented a series of measures to conserve cash and reduce costs, which will help mitigate the potential need for more drastic actions later and will give us more flexibility to respond to prolonged downturn or sudden disruptions in our end markets. Our cost-reduction efforts will reduce costs by at least $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2020 and will be more heavily weighted in the third and fourth quarters of the year. This includes approximately $200 million of benefits from prior year repositioning. 
We have eliminated or sharply reduced discretionary expenses, limited hiring and canceled merit increases on a global basis for all levels of the company. Additionally, our businesses have, in some locations, initiated a rotating schedule, reduced work weeks or eliminated work weeks. All executives, up to and including senior staff and the Board of Directors, have also reduced base pay this year and eliminated or substantially lowered incentive payouts in 2020. We're also taking proactive steps to preserve jobs at our manufacturing sites, including shortening or staggering work schedules to match production volumes of demand. The expeditious completions of phase 1 cost plan, previously described, is enabling us to complete a phase 2 cost action plan, which will -- should be developed within 30 days. We believe that these cost controls will enable Honeywell to respond to deteriorating market and economic condition as the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic becomes apparent. 
Finally, let's discuss how we're optimizing working capital to match demand in the current environment. We have a solid governance model around cash management and working capital, and we executed a comprehensive risk assessment for customers and suppliers to preserve our strong cash position. We reviewed the policies for the highest risk and top revenue customers to make sure we have the appropriate parameters in place to protect our accounts receivable, and we implemented tighter exception criteria and enhanced executive leadership team review and approval. Additionally, we also set up processes to identify and assess high-risk suppliers. We trained and mobilized over 600 procurement professionals to contact suppliers and take their financial temperature. Many suppliers have already received essential help to keep their doors open and their products and services flowing to Honeywell's factories. 
Having agile supply chain processes is more important than ever to manage our expenses and cash investments. Therefore, we condensed our sales, inventory and operations planning process from a traditional monthly cycle to a weekly cycle. Combining this with sales leading indicators, we are sensing demand changes and realigning our inventory and production schedules faster than ever. Together, the actions we have implemented across the company have positioned Honeywell to effectively manage through uncertain times, and we are confident in our continued execution resilience. 
Let's turn to Slide 9 to discuss our repositioning plan in more detail. As you would expect from us, we're accelerating plans for permanent cost reductions to ensure our cost base reflects the macroeconomic environment particularly in Aerospace and PMT, where we see the end-market challenges we have discussed this morning. We have ample capacity for repositioning in the second quarter, and we're planning for a net reposition of $175 million to $275 million. Our actions this year will provide cost-reduction tails into 2021 and are proactively preparing a phase 2 plan, which we'll likely deploy as we assess market conditions. 
Now looking at Slide 10. Let me take a moment to share some of the emerging areas of demand that we're addressing for our customers. In the health care space, we see opportunities across multiple businesses. We're increasing productions of sensors for medical ventilators and our sensing and IoT business. Our research chemicals business is supporting scientists around the world in the research, development and production of COVID-19 test kits, therapies and the vaccines by prioritizing and ramping production of high-quality analytical products that meet their application needs. And we are offering expedited support services to our pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical customers in our Aclar business to help facilitate faster health care packaging decisions for COVID-19 oral solid medicine. We have already mentioned the many actions we're taking to meet increased demands for personal protective equipment, including masks, eyewear and face shields. 
In both Building Technologies and Process Solutions, we see strong demand for cybersecurity and advanced remote access and monitoring for buildings and plants, as people increasingly work from remote locations. Also in HBT, we have a suite of healthy building capabilities ready to deploy for customers who are focused on the health and well-being of their buildings' occupants. In SPS, there's strong demand for warehouse automation and supply chain analytics driven by surging e-commerce. 
And finally, in Aerospace, as passengers return to normal flying behaviors, there will be increased focus on passenger health and safety, which dovetails nicely with our leadership in environmental control systems for aircraft. We're also offering creative solutions to airlines and airports to protect passengers and to restore confidence in flying. So although the macro environment is creating challenges, it is also creating new customer needs that we're well equipped to address. 
With that, let's wrap up on Slide 11. This quarter represents the first of what will be some challenging times ahead. We exceeded our segment profit, segment margin and earnings commitment, EPS growth of 15% despite the substantial challenges we faced. We remain cautious as the magnitude and final impact of COVID-19 pandemic and OPEC+ dispute is unknown. As a result, there's significant uncertainty around commercial aerospace, oil and gas and short-cycle demand, which we expect will meaningfully impact the second quarter. However, we have a diversified portfolio and significant balance sheet strength to provide resilience in these uncertain times. 
We acted quickly and prudently to ensure the health and safety of our employees, continuing to serve our customers and protecting our shareholders in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We took decisive actions to reduce our cost base, optimize working capital and further bolster our strong balance sheet and liquidity. We continue to actively monitor the COVID-19 impact on our operations, and we're confident in our ability to manage through the market volatility. We're playing a critical role in keeping medical professionals safe through expanded production of N95 masks, other PPE needs, sensors for medical equipment and ventilators and new production of hand sanitizer. 
Despite the challenges -- challenging times, we remain committed to our strategic initiatives in the Honeywell Connected Enterprise, supply chain transformation and Honeywell Digital. And we continue investing in our future through breakthrough initiatives, new product introductions, next-generation innovation across our entire portfolio. I am proud of everyone at Honeywell, who's working hard to adapt and deliver in this challenging environment. I am confident we will emerge from this crisis even stronger than ever. 
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Yes, Steve. A couple of that. I mean in terms of Q2, yes, I mean, I think we expect our worst decrementals for the year in Q2. I mean, obviously, we're in the middle of some cost actions. We're doing that. We expect Q2 to be the most depressed from a GDP perspective. Our sort of underlying assumptions here, and I emphasize the word assumptions, is that GDP Q2 will be the worst, improve in Q3 and improve in Q4. So obviously, our margins will kind of follow that trend. Q2 will be the bottom. We expect some level of improvement in Q3 and further in Q4. That's sort of the overall trend. 
We can't give a level of precision on this because, obviously, some of the cost actions, timing of that, that's still a little bit not totally within our control. And -- but we're taking aggressive actions, not just with the phase 1 that was discussed, but we're also looking in phase 2, which is going to be deployed -- well, finalized and deployed within the next 60 days for certain.

Well, I mean, clearly, our Q2 decrementals will be worse. I mean, that's -- and then they'll start improving for that. I don't know that I can give you any more precision than that. I mean it's -- otherwise, it would -- essentially providing guidance.

Yes. I mean obviously, we have the liquidity, and cash is not a concern for us, I mean, given our position, balance sheet, the term loan we took on. So I mean we have a lot of optionality in the second half. I mean I wouldn't expect much in the second quarter. I mean I think this is the time to kind of assess the situation, see what's happening, see what's going on in the medical arena, see if the markets are turning around. So I wouldn't expect much here in the Q2 time frame, but we have a lot of optionality in the second half to potentially get back in the market, but we'll see. 
I think that we're going to kind of hold -- tap on the brakes here in Q2, see what happens, implement our -- both our growth plans. And I emphasize the growth plans because I think that there are some opportunities even in this crisis. Obviously, also execute the cost plans as well because that's what we have to do in this environment is deal with reality. And then we'll look at capital allocation as it relates to buybacks and so on as we move into Q3 and beyond.

Yes. I think it's too early to tell, Steve, because we still haven't fully quantified the phase 2 impact.

Yes. So the problem of giving you numbers here is that we're operating with 2 or 3 different variables, all of which could move dramatically, so then you get down to a guess and as Honeywell, we don't guess. I mean, when we say something, we do it, which was evidenced by our Q1 delivery of segment profit.

Yes. Well, I mean, as you can imagine, a lot of the M&A activity is kind of a little bit of on pause. I think as being a buyer, that's probably a good thing because I don't want to necessarily be buying off of 2019 comps. I don't think that, that makes a lot of sense. But given our balance sheet, which is in great position, yes, I think that this is an area which could be an opportunity in the second half of the year. I think the valuation should and will change. I mean, that's pretty obvious. 
But whenever you have a sudden change in economic conditions like we do now, which really flipped. I mean, they literally flipped from the beginning of March. The end of March, we're sitting in a dramatically different position. It takes a little bit of time or reality for dollars to sync in, in terms of what their valuation should be. I mean, everybody still wants to value their business off of 2019 figures, and that's just isn't realistic anymore, and you kind of have to look forward rather than look backward.

Yes. Let me give you a little color on that, which is, don't think of that as mostly short term. Think about that $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, 30% to 40% of it is roughly short term. But the rest of it is permanent, so that's -- it's not all just short-term stuff. And I think you should think about the phase 2 actions, it's not all permanent, but majority permanent.

Yes. Just to be clear. Yes, it's not a 25%. It's more than.

Yes. I mean, on SPS, I mean, you think -- should think about a couple of businesses accelerating for the couple of -- next couple of quarters, one being Intelligrated. I mean our backlog there is tremendous and continues to grow. So that's -- we expect to see growth in Intelligrated. Obviously, the demand on e-commerce is going to become more acute, not less acute. And we have an orders positions in the backlog. And even our front log, that looks extraordinarily appealing. So that's a business. 
Obviously, we've captured a tremendous amount of business in PP&E (sic) [ PPE ]. It's -- and that business is going to accelerate more or less every single month as we move forward through the year. So we expect to see growth. And then modest to -- modest decline in some of the other businesses, although sensing and IoT, we'll see growth in some of the health care-oriented sensors. There are other segments that it's exposed to, like aerospace, that are obviously going to be in decline, so that's going to be -- our productivity products business, kind of low single digit kind of decline is kind of what we're expecting. Some of those segments are going to do pretty well: transportation, logistics and health care; retail is not. So that's kind of how we see that one. So overall, I mean, we do expect SPS for the year to be our healthiest and strongest SBG. And I think it's -- we could even see growth in that SBG even this year.

Yes. PMT is going to be challenged for the segments that are oil and gas-oriented. And obviously, we have exposure in both UOP and HPS. I remember the '15, '16, because I ran that business at that time. It wasn't that much fun. But I do worry about a couple of factors here. The first one is there's just no demand. I mean, if you think about what comes out of refineries, whether it's jet fuel, whether that's gasoline and so on, the world needs to go back to work and start functioning again because no one is flying, very few countries in the world are reopening. So there's very little gasoline and fuel consumption. Price of oil is highly depressed. If you look at -- if I remember correctly, the lowest price of oil that I seem to recall back in the '15, '16 time frame, it was about $27, $28 a barrel. We're substantially south of that. 
So it's going to be a challenging time for PMT. And we're going to be taking some -- we already are taking and will be taking even more cost reductions to align with the demand. And you even heard some recent announcements as early as today with Exxon and Chevron further cutting back CapEx. So we have to adjust to the reality of today and focus on a lot of our services and a lot of our digital business to drive growth and the segments that are still growing because we do participate in the pharma segment. We have some play in food and beverage, pharmaceuticals and so on. So it's not all doom and gloom. But clearly, it's going to be a challenged time for PMT for a portion of that business, not the entire business. And we have to align to that reality and adjust our cost base to what we anticipate it will be.

Yes. And then maybe just one other thing to add to that is a portion of that cost savings is also in indirect costs. As we think about 2021, obviously, as you reduce your indirect cost, that doesn't require really much, if any, restructuring. So we don't anticipate going back to 2019 indirect spending levels in 2021. That's probably not realistic. So part of that savings that we'll see is going to live through in 2021. It's going to be someplace between what we're going to come back in 2020 and what it was in 2019. So part of that is going to be a carryover.

No. I mean, look, we wanted to do, back all the way in the March time frame, is react quickly and decisively because the world really changed in the month of March. So our phase 1 plan was things that we could do very quickly, very decisively, some moving up some restructuring, some of the reduced work weeks...

Pay reductions, all those kinds of things. The phase 2 stuff is because we don't think that things like Aerospace are going to return to normal next year. I mean I don't know if it's a 2-year window or 3-year window. You've heard others opine on that, but I don't think that that's a short term. So particularly in Aerospace and PMT, we're going to have to align our cost base to the realities of what we're likely to experience in 2021 and hopefully not beyond but maybe beyond. So phase 2 is, I would say, a further realization of what the markets may look like in the future and our realignment of cost base, more of a permanent realignment to adjust to that reality.

One other thing, Nigel, though. I will tell you, though, that we are not planning on cutting growth CapEx. We're in a strong cash position. Those projects are high-return projects. I'm not planning on sacrificing the future just to cut back on CapEx. And I -- that's probably something that we're going to continue to fund.

Yes. I mean there might be because, obviously, we're not operating our facilities as much as we used to do. Some of them are operating at reduced work hours, obviously, to align with some of the volumes that we're seeing. Obviously, the maintenance budgets might be a bit smaller somewhat. There might be some trims around some of the maintenance budgets, just -- that's totally aligned to production. But -- so there'll probably be some modest reductions in CapEx, but we are not planning on reducing investments in future growth and future NPI projects.

Yes. I think it is a little bit too early to tell at this juncture as to what we'll do. But you have to remember that our strategy always has and is kind of a regional-for-regional or local-for-local production change. I mean, if anything, I'd like to accelerate that. I'd like to be really local-for-local. I mean, we're mostly there. And I think that's still very much the right strategy. You got to produce in the countries in which you operate and leveraging those supply chains and operate locally. So I'm not sure that's a dramatic change from where we have been. If anything, it's probably an acceleration of the strategy that we already had.

Yes. Well, I think a lot of that depends upon how quickly we think the air traffic will return, and there's a little bit of a trade-off. Will airlines want to dispose with cash to acquire new aircraft? Or will they want to operate their current fleet to maintain cash flexibility and retain those cash. So I -- and then also the timing matters, too. 
So is that something we're thinking about? Sure, absolutely, exactly. There's kind of 2 different theories: One theory is you retire more aircraft and bring in new ones, okay, because of the efficiencies and so on. That makes sense. But another theory is, okay, you may not want to necessarily as an airline, part with a lot of cash and further pend it right now when you're in cash distressed state. So we'll see which way it goes. 
I think the most important thing to remember, and we're spending all our time and energy is providing solutions for airlines and even airports in terms of how we can regain passenger confidence to fly again. Because when people sits -- are sitting at home and we probably start opening up the economies, the single-most important thing that can happen for this industry is people gaining the confidence to fly again. And that's really where we're spending our time and energy.

Well, I think there's just a lead lag effect, right? I mean, I think there is clearly a correlation on the aftermarket to the flight hours flown, both on the BG and air transport side. There's probably a little bit of a delay in terms of recurrence and growth in flight hours and -- than being exhibited in the aftermarket consumption. But other than that, I think that correlation is generally there. And as you see flight hours return, whether it's in the business segment or air transport, you should start to see aftermarket return, probably with some lagging effects.

Hello, Joe?

No. I mean to answer your second question first, I don't see any structural change for commercial demand. I mean I actually think there is an opportunity of our HBT business because what CEO of any commercial building isn't going to want to provide a safer, cleaner environment for his or her employees. So I think that in terms of overall commercial construction, I don't see any structural change. 
Short term is a little bit tougher to predict because as you can imagine throughout the world, you have different rules and regulations, some regions, some states, some countries are allowing construction to keep going. Others have put more tight restrictions, and it's not allowed. And as the world kind of comes back, we're going to have a little bit better visibility and actually access, both to service some of these buildings as well as to products and solutions. So it's a bit of a mixed story, but it's more or less realigned to the world kind of returning to some level of normalcy. And it's really varied throughout the world in terms of -- in some places, construction is moving. Others, it's in a paused state.

Yes. I think it's a little bit of a mixed story, and maybe I'll use China as an example. So as you can imagine, in China, January and February were extraordinarily slow, that the business was -- there wasn't really much of anything happening. March was better. March, we saw a bounce back, which was encouraging. But April has been, no, not horrible, but soft. I mean think about negative, single-digit kind of business. So I think the assumption that China is back to normal, at least based only on the April data point, may not be correct. 
Aviation is just starting to pick up in China. And this is a little bit of what I talked about before, which is we have to get the passenger comfortable to fly again. Because just because you lift some of the restrictions, that doesn't mean that people are going to jump on airplanes the second day after that. So there's got to be a real level of focus and effort to make sure that they come back. And that's what we're working with a lot of our airport and airline customers on some of the solutions. And we have some really good ideas to help them think through that.

I want to thank our shareowners for their continued support of Honeywell. These are challenging and uncertain times for all, and we remain focused on continuing to perform for our shareowners, our customers and our employees. While we cannot predict how the COVID-19 pandemic will ultimately impact our business and the global economy, we are well positioned to weather the storm with our balanced portfolio, track record of execution and strong balance sheet. We have managed through uncertain times before, and we'll do so again. 
While 2020 will be challenging, I continue to be excited about the future for Honeywell. Our operational rigor will serve us well given the near-term economic outlook. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.