Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. This has been a very exciting quarter for Honeywell. In August, we raised our full year earnings outlook by an additional $0.05, the fourth increase in 2018, driven by continued momentum throughout the portfolio. We completed the spin-off of Garrett Motion on October 1 and are in the final stages of completing our second spin of the Homes and Global Distribution business, Resideo. We also announced our acquisition of Transnorm, a Europe-based supplier of warehouse automation solutions, which I'll talk about more in a minute. Most importantly, we continue to deliver on our commitments to shareholders. 
We met or exceeded our guidance on all metrics. For the third quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $2.03, up 17% year-over-year, driven largely by strong operational performance. We grew organic sales 7%, with impressive top line growth across Aerospace, Safety and Productivity Solutions and Homes. And our long-range orders and backlog were up 26% and 17% year-over-year, respectively, which positions us well for continued growth in 2019 and beyond. 
Our focus on maintaining our productivity rigor, especially in an inflationary environment, was relentless this quarter. We generated 70 basis points of segment margin expansion, 20 basis points above the high end of our guidance, driven by sales excellence and strong productivity gains enabled by previously funded and an executed restructuring. We'll talk more about the steps we've taken to address the impact of tariffs later in the call.
We also continue to see improvements in working capital performance, coupled with profitable growth, which is driving increased free cash flow conversion. This quarter, we generated $1.8 billion of adjusted free cash flow, up 51% year-over-year, excluding separation costs. Conversion this quarter was 119%, well above our long-term target. 
I'm particularly pleased with the progress we've seen, and I'm confident there's more to come as we enhance our capabilities through the deployment of HOS Gold. We are focused on improving working capital management at every level of the organization. 
Lastly, as we've done throughout the year, we continued to execute our aggressive and disciplined capital deployment strategy, committing more than $4.5 billion to share repurchases, dividends and acquisitions through the third quarter. That number includes the dividend paid to date, the Transnorm acquisition and approximately $600 million in share repurchase in the third quarter. The pullback in the stock in the first half of October allowed for additional repurchases of Honeywell shares into the fourth quarter at attractive levels. And as you saw, we increased our dividend by 10% in September, which is the ninth double-digit increase since 2010. 
Our end markets continue to be strong, and we have a simpler, more focused portfolio following completion of the spins. As I said last quarter, we continue to execute well as evidenced by our sales, margin and cash performance, and we have significant balance sheet capacity to deploy. I continue to be encouraged by what I see in each of our businesses, and I'm excited for what I know will be a strong finish to 2018. 
Let's turn to Slide 3 to highlight some of the recent exciting news in our businesses. In Aerospace, Gulf Air selected Honeywell's GoDirect Flight Efficiency software to reduce fuel cost and to lower emissions across its entire 32-aircraft fleet. This software provide Gulf Air a clear analysis and realtime insights that address all flight variables, allowing them to unlock savings beyond standard efficiency initiatives. Gulf Air joins a growing list of airlines adopting GoDirect Flight Efficiency software, including Aer Lingus, British Airways, Etihad Airways, KLM, Lufthansa and Turkish Airlines. 
In Home and Building Technologies, Honeywell partnered with Dubai Properties to complete the installment of energy savings upgrade in all 11 Business Bay Executive Towers in Dubai. The project includes a fully digital building management system to monitor and control the tower's mechanical and electrical utilities as well as fan coil units that integrate the software to provide visibility into electricity consumption. We anticipate the project will result in savings of 3.3 million-kilowatt hours or approximately $400,000 annually. 
In Performance Materials and Technologies, Jizzakh Petroleum selected Honeywell UOP technologies for new refinery capable of processing 5 million tons of crude oil per year. UOP will provide licensing and basic engineering design services that allow Jizzakh Petroleum to convert crude oil into high-quality, clean-burning Euro V motor fuels. This is the 20th award for UOP's diesel hydrotreating technology and the 33rd award for its gasoline Unicracking technology in the last 10 years. 
Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of Transnorm, a privately held European warehouse automation solutions provider that specializes in curve conveyor systems that quickly and efficiently move products and packages for premier e-commerce and parcel delivery customers. Transnorm has an installed base of 160,000 units and a large and growing aftermarket parts and services business. The addition of Transnorm broadens Honeywell's Intelligrated product portfolio and allows SPS to participate in a fast-growing European warehouse automation market, fueled by growth in e-commerce. Clearly, a lot of exciting things are happening across the portfolio as we head into the final quarter of the year. 
With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Greg, who will discuss our third quarter results in more detail.

Thanks, Greg. The fourth quarter begins a new chapter for Honeywell. Our 2 spin-offs leave us in even stronger position with a more focused and growth-oriented portfolio and industry-leading businesses across attractive end markets. Each has multiple levers to drive inorganic and organic growth as well as continued margin expansion. 
Our cash performance this year has been outstanding, and there's still room for improvement. Year-over-year free cash flow growth has exceeded 20% each quarter, and our free cash flow conversion has also improved significantly. We are rapidly approaching 100% conversion as we demonstrated this quarter. 
Our financial condition is best-in-class with a healthy balance sheet that provides us with significant capacity to deploy the dividends, share repurchases and M&A. Our commitment to deploy cash, both smartly and aggressively, has not changed. Importantly, we have a strong performance culture. Our say will continue to equal our do. And we are focused on continuing to outperform for our customers, our shareowners and our employees. We're looking forward to sharing more exceptional results as well as our 2019 outlook during our fourth quarter earnings call in late January. 
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. I'll take that one. I mean, certainly, we're seeing a little bit of -- China has to be the highlight. And certainly, Q3 was not as robust as some of the quarters that we saw in the first half. So there's -- we did have some tough comp -- tougher comps than we expected. We had some challenges in our air and water business, which has been throughout the year. So I'm not alarmed yet. But certainly, Q3 was a bit slower in terms of growth. I mean, we grew the Chinese market, but not at the double-digit pace that we saw earlier in the year. So that's probably my #1 area to watch. I'm not -- I wouldn't say I'm concerned about it yet, but certainly an area of focus. On the flip side of the coin, we -- U.S. was extraordinarily robust. Think about 9% to 10% kind of a growth rate in the U.S. and was probably at the other end of the spectrum. We continue to be very bullish on the U.S. markets, and I expect that to continue. And then sort of the rest of the globe was a little bit of mixed bag. I mean, Southeast Asia business was good. We had a really nice recovery in our Latin American business. That was really good to see. That's been a focus for our business activities throughout the year, and we see that coming back. Middle East was okay. India was a bit slower than we anticipated, but we expect a pretty good recovery in Q4. So all in all, I mean, there's certainly some puts and takes, very encouraged by what we're seeing in North America with a focus on China as we head into Q4.

Yes, yes. And I think that's why in the -- we're very careful to pick our wording in the press release, which is at -- you should expect at least 1% share count reduction. The 1% is roughly commensurate with the $3 billion that I already committed to. But you're spot on. Your comment is exactly right. That's the way we think about capital allocation. And then depending upon what happens in M&A, we'll potentially do buybacks. There are a couple of things that, we think, we could get done and announce maybe even as possibly in Q4, probably not close in Q4. So -- but I never really count the M&A transactions until they are signed and done. So I want to monitor that, quickly, we have been in the market early in Q4 as we pointed out in the press release. I thought they were some attractive price points for us and continue to be. But yes, that's -- the framework you're thinking of is exactly the one we used, which is we kind of have a toggle list between M&A and buyback. As I said, I would prefer M&A, but it's -- as I've said on multiple earnings call now, it continues to be a challenged environment. And unfortunately, it's kind of becoming the new normal, although we were thrilled to pick up the Transnorm acquisition at, I think, an attractive entry point, well, from a price point, but a really important entry point into Europe for our Intelligrated business. Not only is it a terrific acquisition on its own, it also gives us that really nice foothold in Europe with just an outstanding business.

Yes. I mean, It doesn't because, as you may recall, that although -- despite that ruling, there are quite a few states that are still adapting the HFO regulation and greenhouse gas emission. So as of right now, we don't see much of an impact yet. We're continuing to work with the regulatory bodies, both at the federal and the state level. And at the present time, we don't anticipate substantial impact. And frankly, a lot of the companies that we're working with are on that path anyway. And again, that -- obviously that's only a U.S. issue. What was your second question on PMT?

Yes. I mean, typically, refiners kind of wait until the last moment, so -- with a lot of that investment, so that's what sort of surprised us. So we expect '19 to be a good year. But the numbers speak for themselves. With UOP backlog up double digit, that gives me a good sign, strong booking rates. Sort of the margin challenges that were evident in Q3, we very much expected. We communicated those in Q2. We knew that they were going to be dilutive. But by the way, that reverses in Q4 based on the mix of products that we ship. So overall, we're very bullish on UOP and what they're going to do. And like I said, I -- at the end of the day, I look at the numbers. And when I see backlog up double digit like it is, I'm very encouraged as we head into 2019 and beyond.

Yes. And Josh, I think we're extremely proud of what we've been able to achieve on the working capital side. If you recall, a couple of years ago, I -- I've made this a priority for the business for us to really monitor the balance sheet as much as we monitor the P&L statement. And this kind of for a growth rate that you're seeing, 7% top line, our working capital is down more than $600 million. I mean, that's -- I'm very proud of the Honeywell team in terms of what they've been able to accomplish on that perspective, and it's coming through in our cash performance.

Yes. To give you a specific, it's -- they're up 26% year-over-year. Our backlog is up 14% for long cycle. And then just to give you a couple of the specifics: HPS projects, up 27%; HBS projects, up 22%. Intelligrated was actually flat. And -- but keep in mind, they're up 40% year-to-date, so this was tough comps. We're not -- trust me, I'm not worried one bit about the growth in the Intelligrated business. And so that's why I'm pretty excited today. I mean, when I -- I always worry about tomorrow and when I see those kinds of numbers come through, I have good reason for optimism. And I think it points to a very bright 2019 and beyond.

Yes, I don't know if there's such a thing as normal number. It is dropping significantly year-over-year by more than $100 million, so it's coming down. Some of it is commensurate with the slightly smaller Honeywell. But we still have -- as you recall back the EPG, one of the things we have plenty of runway for and Torsten's #1 mission, our new Head of Integrated Supply Chain, is to really reduce our fixed cost base. So that's where most of that funding is going to be going next year. And it's a fairly substantial change in terms of the cost structure of Honeywell in, a, reducing it and, b, making it -- converting it from being much more fixed-oriented to variable-oriented. So we're going to need some continued restructuring funding. I don't know if I can give you sort of a normal number. I would think that it's still going to be elevated at kind of the levels we've projected for '19 and probably for '20 and probably, after that, come down a bit more as we get some of that heavy lifting done. So that's the way to kind of frame it up and think about it.

Yes. Well -- yes, first of all, let's start with Connected Buildings. I think our technology offering in Connected Buildings is maybe as further along than any of the other connected. I mean, we have ready-to-go technologies that we're currently offering and selling. And you heard an example of that in our pitch this morning. So I'm very excited that we really need to be much more commercially savvy to really clearly explain to our customers what that will do for in their building in terms of energy consumption, comfort, security, well-being of the occupants and so on. So I'm very excited about that technology. And it's not futuristic, it's here and now. I think we just got to get through the commercial challenges that we're facing. Number two is the market dynamics between the resi and the commercials are very different. The competitors are different. I feel good about our position. I feel good about the installed base we have. I think it's a business that can and should do more. Three is I think we also have to remember that we created this Homes P&L from scratch. I mean, think about this, Scott. I mean, we did more than 20 manufacturing transitions in a course of a year. If I didn't have that kind of hard deadlines, and we're going to get this done in the year, that would have probably taken 3. So that team has been -- done a tremendous job in executing that kind of heavy lift. And I think they performed pretty well given that kind of a distraction. So I'm -- now that, that's basically behind them, I'm going to monitor it and I'm going to be -- continue to be optimistic about what we're doing. I was with Vimal Kapur and his team earlier this week. And they've got their hand on the pulse. And I think that could be very successful business for us.

No, it does work that way. In fact, Intelligrated was a customer of Transnorm. So we know the product. It is IP protected. It is actually technology differentiated, has a high aftermarket and services component, which I always look for in any business. It has a very enviable position in Europe. And frankly, I was looking for beachhead to land in Europe in Intelligrated. We've been spending a lot of organic dollars, what I call, just part of their R&D and sales and commercial build-out to have a broader presence in Europe. Our U.S. customers have been asking us to really have a broader presence in Europe. And I frankly wanted to add a business that gives us a much broader foothold. On top of that, I really like the business. We were able to pick it up at what I view as a very appealing price in this kind of a market environment that we're in with differentiated technology and IP protection. So I think it's -- I'm thrilled. And as you know, Scott, I really like the warehouse automation space.

Well, yes. We continue to be bullish in Aero. I mean, as you look at our backlog position, there's no reason not to be. But your initial point is right, too, which is our comps get a little bit tougher given the kind of growth rates that we've seen. What -- and if you look at the -- a little more details of the numbers, the 2 that really pop out at you, especially here in Q3, is one is the growth in the business jet market. That's been -- that hasn't been a high performer for quite a while. I mean -- and now it's starting to really pop as a lot of the new platforms are being introduced into the marketplace. And two, the used equipment inventory is down. I mean, it's down substantially, which is always a good time -- a good sign in terms of new equipment sales. And in Defense & Space, defense is -- continues to be very strong. We don't think that, that's going to change as we head into 2019. Potentially, it could be a slight down arrow in terms of OE momentum. I don't really expect that to be the case, but that's maybe the only place where I'm a little bit nervous. But all in all, I continue to be pretty bullish on the Aerospace segment because all 3 of these tracks that we always kind of talk about, which is the commercial, the business jet and defense, are all kind of pointing either strongly up or up. So 2019 looks very promising based on what we're seeing today.

And Andy, if I could just add. I think there's a lot of unknowns, right? I mean, you have List 3, which, potentially, that rate goes up at the end of the year. And then you have a potential List 4 with timing, which isn't particularly clear. So there's a lot of unknowns here. We -- we're working through all the knowns. And I feel very confident in the process that we're building. And I can tell you, all of our businesses are all over this in terms of taking any and all levers they can. But still a lot of unknowns in terms of what's going to happen at the end of the year, what's on List 4, the level of List 4 and timing. So we're prepared. We're ready to act. And we're trying to mitigate the best we can.

Yes. Well, I think that the Aerospace group has been very good at a couple of things, especially in the last couple of years. Number one is they certainly continue to drive productivity and becoming much more efficient. There's a high level of expertise in terms of what they can accomplish. And I think they're far from done, so there's further opportunity to do that. Number two is they're much more installed base focused in terms of the upgrades, enhancements, software enhancements and so on, which obviously continue to build accretion to the margin rate. And overall, I like how the team is executing. They won a lot -- they've had great wins in a lot of different platforms. And the execution is strong. And I particularly like the progress on the commercial side of the business. And Connected Aircraft continues to be a very big opportunity, which we materialized. Longer term, and I pointed this out, is we look for a 25-plus kind of a margin rate. We think that, that's very possible in that business. And we're going to continue to make -- march forward as Tim and the team continue to make progress there.

That's a very good point. It's been a while, but it's interesting how the global markets are evolving right now. And as I look into 2019 kind of an take is, I think, U.S. is going to be a very robust market again. Now there's a lot of moving pieces in the geopolitical environment right now. But right now, it continues to look strong.

Yes. I mean, I think I'm very encouraged and thrilled to see the kind of growth rates -- GDP growth rate we're seeing the U.S. I think it's been terrific. But as you look at -- overall, if you look at the GDP growth in some of the High Growth Regions, over the long term, they're still likely to be higher than the U.S. I mean, obviously, U.S. has increased its rate. But -- so our high-growth focused strategy, I think, is still spot on and needs to be. And we're going to stay committed to growing in High Growth Regions as well as the U.S. In terms of investment and profile and so on, I mean, I've always said all along that I believe in being local-for-local, meaning that I want to be able to serve North America from North America. I want to be able to serve China from China and Europe from Europe. I -- to me, that just makes perfect sense. I want to have people that have a mindset for the local markets, both from a R&D, manufacturing, sales, marketing, all these perspective. And now as we kind of restructure and look out our fixed cost base, it's exactly the model we're going to. We're pretty mature along the path already. But to the -- the short story is, to the extent I continue to see this kind of a growth in the U.S., we're obviously going to be continuing to invest in increasing our capacity here in the U.S. to make sure we properly serve the market. And based on what we're seeing this year, we're going to be investing in 2019.

Well, I think it can. Number one is sort of the business profile and the timing of payments, particularly for our projects business, they are very favorable. Number two, they've done a terrific job in managing their working capital. It's a point of focus and emphasis. Three, and this is something we've done across our business, which is we're really relooking and standardizing some of our terms and conditions. That's been -- frankly, I would say it wasn't the sort of cleanest structure that we had. And now we're really standardizing and cleaning that up, and it's generating benefits. And that's not just for SPS. It's really true of all of our businesses. So a lot of things moving in the right direction there, for -- certainly for SPS, but all of our businesses as well.

Yes. I mean, the short answer is yes. I mean, we are getting ready. I'm not saying we're necessarily pulling the trigger on all those actions. But I think we always -- the way we kind of think about things is we always have to assume the worst case situation and then be prepared. We haven't pulled all the levers for the 25% yet, but we're going to be ready. And we're assuming that, that will happen, frankly. And we think that, that probably is obviously increasing as more time goes by, and we have to be ready. So I would say, not all the levers have been pulled yet, but we're certainly preparing them and feel very good about our ability to mitigate all or most of that impact.

Yes. But I'll start and maybe turn it over. I think you've nailed it, Nigel. I mean, from an HBT perspective, when you do -- when you have to do 2 spins and have to do these many transitions, there is some level of inefficiency, particularly in the inventory situation because we're doing a lot of planned separations and so on. And I -- as I stated before, I think the team has done just an incredible job to get us ready. Aero, they've done a great job on receivables, their payables and so on. But inventory is still an opportunity. I think we all know about some of the challenges that the Aerospace supply chain is facing, so there's probably further gains to be made there. But they've done a really nice job. And then SPS has been tremendous across the board, whether we talk about all 3 elements of working capital, advances and so on. And then PMT, they're really picking up the pace, particularly in receivables. They've had a lot of past dues that are now coming in. And really nice momentum in building into Q4. And we think that there's even more upside there.

Yes. I mean, Julian, I think the highlight number for me for HPS is projects. We're up 27% year-over-year in Q3. I mean, that's -- I think that number speaks for itself. So it's a very impressive number. It gives you an idea that, that business continues to win in the marketplace. And I'm very bullish. That's coupled on top of a short-cycle growth, particularly in services and our software businesses. And overall, it continues to do very well. So there's not really much other than good news coming from the HPS world.

Yes. I think -- on R&D, I think it's -- I would say it's not necessarily a need to increase the R&D levels, but really just to streamline and optimize that investment around things that really matter. I think that there's -- frankly, there's a little bit of an opportunity around that area. And Vimal and team are making sure that we're investing in the proper things and really on things that move the needle and not kind of the incrementalism, which require a lot of investment that really don't generate great returns. And I think it's certainly an area of opportunity. But I think some of the really high-performing businesses, like fire, which have continued to do very well, it's not all bad news. And I think there are a lot of good things going on in the buildings part of the portfolio already. But certainly, like in any large business, there's couple of things we also need to improve. So I'm very confident that the team is going to get it done.

Yes. And just to echo what Greg said, I think we all probably underestimated the amount of time, effort and organizational focus it takes to do 2 spins at the same time, particularly when you really are creating a new P&L, call it, home. So I -- I'm thrilled with the execution that the team has exhibited.

Thank you. Before I end, I want to thank the Honeywell employees and leaders that will begin new careers at Garrett and Resideo for their contributions to the company. Both businesses are starting with strong foundation, a great heritage, and I'm confident both will be very successful. We look forward to watching their accomplishment as new public companies. I have full confidence that the strong performance Honeywell delivered for our shareowners in the first 3 quarters of 2018 will continue through the year-end. Our order rates are strong. Our backlogs are growing. We're realizing the benefits of our continued efforts to drive software and Connected growth, productivity, Commercial Excellence and improved free cash flow. It is an exciting time to be at Honeywell. And we look forward to sharing more on our progress as we head into 2019. Have a wonderful weekend.