Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. 
Let's begin on Slide 2. We delivered a strong fourth quarter despite a challenging backdrop that included an accelerated inflationary environment, ongoing supply chain constraints and persistent COVID-19 variants. I'm pleased for our disciplined execution as we navigate these challenges, capitalize on the ongoing recovery in our end markets.  
We delivered on our fourth quarter commitments for sales, segment margin and adjusted earnings per share despite these headwinds, with fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share of $2.09, up 1% year-over-year and just above the midpoint of our guidance.  
Organic sales were down 2% year-over-year, and that was heavily impacted by the COVID mass declines and fewer days in the fiscal quarter, which Greg will touch on later. Our focus on differentiated solutions drove double-digit fourth quarter organic sales growth in the commercial aerospace aftermarket, productivity solutions and services, advanced sensing technologies and recurring connected software businesses.  
Segment margin expanded 30 basis points year-over-year, led by strong pricing actions that we took again this quarter to address the headwinds we faced from inflationary pressures and supply chain disruptions. These swift pricing actions allow us to stay ahead of the inflation curve, driving a 5% increase year-over-year on top line and yielding approximately 50 basis points of margin expansions net of inflation.  
We generated $2.6 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, 4% above the 4Q 2020, achieving 178% adjusted conversion. In terms of capital deployment, we put $2.1 billion of cash to work in the fourth quarter. 
Looking at the entire year, orders across Honeywell grew double digits organically and backlog increased 7% to $27.7 billion driven by strength in many of our segments as we entered 2022. We finished 2021 with 4% organic sales growth, 60 basis points of margin expansion and $8.06 of adjusted earnings per share, up 14% year-over-year. 
We generated $5.7 billion of free cash flow in the year, resulting in adjusted conversion of 102% or 17% of revenue, a very strong result. Our earnings per share and our free cash flow performance was above our initial guidance range shared at the start of 2021, demonstrating our ability to deliver on our commitments despite unforeseen challenges and shifting economic conditions.  
In the appendix of this presentation is a slide highlighting our guidance progression throughout 2021 as well as our performance against these guides.  
On our capital deployment strategy, we have maintained a balanced approach over the past several years, consistently deploying more than 100% of operating cash flow to fund share repurchases, dividends, M&A and capital expenditures. This past year was no exception. In fact, 2021 marks the highest level of capital deployment in the last 6 years. Despite the challenges we faced in 2021, we deployed $8.5 billion of capital, demonstrating our commitment to investing in high-return opportunities in any environment.  
We invested $1.6 billion in M&A, adding strategic assets to our portfolio that enhance our technology offerings, innovation and ultimately, our long-term growth potential. Specifically, we completed 4 transactions, including Sparta Systems, Fiplex, Performix and the $270 million we contribute to Quantinuum combination, which I'll talk about -- more about in a moment. 
We spent $900 million on capital expenditures to continue to build technologies to make our world safer, more efficient and more sustaining. We deployed $3.4 billion to repurchase shares, reducing our weighted average share count by 1.5%. And finally, we maintained a strong dividend policy, paying out $2.6 billion and raising our dividend again for the 12th time in 11 years. 
Looking forward, I continue to be encouraged by the strength we are seeing in many areas of our portfolio as we continue to execute on our rigorous and proven value creation framework, underpinned by our accelerator operating system that drives outstanding shareholder value.  
Next, let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss some exciting wins in our Sustainable Technology Solutions business. We continue to make substantial gains for our sustainability business. In the fourth quarter, we announced the commercialization of our UpCycle Process Technology, a revolutionary new process that expands the types of plastics that can be recycled. This process can produce feedstocks used to make recycled plastics with a much lower carbon footprint and has the potential to increase the amount of global plastic waste that can be recycled to 90%.  
In addition, just last week, we announced our intent to form a joint venture with Avangard Innovative, America's largest plastics recycler, to build an advanced recycling plant in Texas. The facility will use our UpCycle Process Technology and is expected to have the capacity to transform 30,000 metric tons of mixed waste plastics into Honeywell recycled polymer feedstocks per year.  
We also recently announced that we've entered into an agreement with FREYR Battery, the intent to provide smart energy storage solutions to address the needs of a wide range of commercial and industrial customers alike. FREYR will leverage Honeywell's leading technology offerings, including integrated automation, field instrumentation and security integration solutions on manufacturing processes. In turn, Honeywell will purchase 38 gigawatt hours of battery cells produced by FREYR from multiple energy storage system applications.  
Battery energy storage systems technology development is vital to the continued decarbonization of global power system as it will enable the transition to renewable energy sources. In the fourth quarter, we announced an agreement with the University of Texas at Austin that will enable the lower cost capture of carbon dioxide emissions from power plants and heavy industry. We have committed to achieve carbon neutrality in our own operations and facilities by 2035. We are committed to helping our customers use their carbon footprint as well. We'll leverage UT Austin's proprietary advanced solvent technology to help power, steel, cement and other industrial plants lower their emissions and meet their sustainability goals.  
Finally, we saw tremendous traction in our green fuels business, which uses UOP's Ecofining technology to produce high-quality drop-in fuels from sustainable sources. Over the last few months, we recorded 6 important wins, including 2 large multinational companies.  
In addition, Diamond Green Diesel is using Ecofining technology to produce renewable diesel. They plan on having the capacity to produce over 1 billion gallons per year by the second half of 2022.  
These are just 4 select examples from our vast portfolio of sustainable offerings. We will continue to innovate, demonstrating that Honeywell will be a key player of the oncoming energy transition.  
Now let's turn to the next slide to take a look at some of the big commercial developments and how we are aggressively investing in growth. 
If you've been following our press releases over the past quarters, including the examples highlighted on the previous slide, you are well aware of the successes we are having with new innovations and partnerships. We have many growth opportunities across the portfolio with new products, businesses or entirely new markets. These areas present high return opportunities to deploy our CapEx and OpEx spend to create value for the future.  
To highlight a few examples, in 2022, we are increasing CapEx investment to expand our Solstice production capacity, commercialize our advanced plastics recycling technology and build additional generations of both commercial and development quantum computers. To fund key investment priorities in '22, we plan to spend $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion in CapEx, up $200 million versus 2021, up 25% versus the prior 3 years. Our 2022 research and development priorities will be continued innovation in sustainable technologies, developing our next-generation flight deck and investment in new engine development, to name a few.  
R&D for '22 will be up approximately $200 million or 15% year-over-year and up 10% versus the prior 3 years. Our internal spending on capital projects in the R&D has consistently been the highest return deployment of our capital. We'll continue to make these investments to drive our future growth.  
Also, Honeywell Digital, one of the 3 main transformation initiatives, has fundamentally changed the way we work and resulted in $1 billion of cumulative sales, productivity, and  working capital benefits since 2018. We'll continue to invest in our digitization efforts to drive efficiencies and produce valuable data-driven insights. 
While this may be a modest drag on our cash generation in '22, these investments are crucial to accelerating our growth and drive transformation across our portfolio.  
Let's turn to Slide 5 to take a closer look at Quantinuum, which is one of the major breakthrough initiatives for Honeywell. 
In the fourth quarter, we completed our previously announced business combination of Honeywell Quantum Solutions and Cambridge Quantum to form a new company, Quantinuum. As mentioned in our investor communications throughout 2021, this combination marries the leading quantum computing hardware, the leading quantum computing software to form the largest and most advanced integrated stand-alone quantum computing company in the world. 
Quantinuum technology will help solve some of the world's most pressing challenges, including breakthroughs in drug discovery and delivery, material science and industrial optimization, to just name a few. Quantinuum cybersecurity offering launched in December. Quantum Origin is the world's first commercial product built upon quantum computers that delivers outcomes that classical computers could not achieve. This revolutionary new product will be crucial to companies and governments, who need to ensure protection of sensitive information against adversaries and criminals.  
With the introduction of Quantum Origin, which is already serving Fortune 500 customers today, we expect Quantinuum to reach approximately $2 billion of sales by 2026, 1 year earlier than the estimate we provided in our leadership webcast back in November. 
Upon the completion of the combination, Honeywell invested $270 million into Quantinuum, and Honeywell currently owns a majority stake. We expect a slight margin headwind of 30 basis points to Honeywell in 2022 due to increased R&D spend associated with Quantinuum, as shown on the previous slide. Overall, we expect Quantinuum to be $150 million headwind to EBITDA. However, this R&D investment will yield great returns as we accelerate the commercialization of this revolutionary technology.  
The appendix of this presentation contains a slide explaining the 2022 financial impact to Honeywell in more detail.  
We believe this unique opportunity for investors to gain exposure to an early-stage growth technology company at an industrial multiple. Quantinuum is the best positioned company to lead quantum computing and has all the building blocks to be the frontrunner in what is projected to be a $1 trillion industry.  
Now I will turn the call over to Greg to discuss our fourth quarter results and 2022 outlook in more detail.

Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 12 and talk about our corporate governance at Honeywell. 
Integrity and ethics, inclusion and diversity and workplace respect are foundational principles that are core to our strategy at Honeywell. Our focus on these principles is evident in our corporate governance efforts throughout the entire organization from top to bottom. We have a diverse and independent Board of Directors overseeing the business, and an executive team that is committed to fostering a culture built on these foundational principles. 
Through our annual training to all of our employees, we educate on our code of business conduct and promote honest business practices, compliance to all laws and regulations and respect in the workplace. We recently launched Honeywell Accelerator, a revitalized operating system that provides a centralized source of training programs designed to further develop our employees, enhance the way we manage, govern and operate the business. Accelerator allows us to educate and standardize around our best practices and will empower our employees with the knowledge and tools needed to perform their roles. 
In January, we announced a new addition to our Board of Directors. Rose Lee was elected to join the Board as an Independent Director. Rose is currently President and Chief Executive Officer of Cornerstone Building Brands, a leading manufacturer of exterior building products in North America. Rose has a unique blend of leadership skills, deep knowledge of operations and technology and a passion for environmental, social and governance expertise. Prior to joining Cornerstone Building Brands, Rose served as President of the DuPont Water & Protection business, focusing on improving sustainability through the company's water, shelter and safety solutions. She's also spearheaded initiatives to advance minorities, women's and veterans. Rose's perspective will be a valuable addition to our Board as we further advance Honeywell's transformation. 
Now let's turn to Slide 13 for some closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. In the first year of recovery was not without its challenges. However, we effectively managed through these macroeconomic difficulties and over delivered our financial commitments. We didn't stay on the sidelines, but instead, we took action to grow the business, including increasing our capital deployment. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we'll continue to invest for the future of Honeywell. While several COVID-related headwinds will drag into early part of 2022, the macro setup is trending favorably for most of our end markets and we're optimistic about our future. 
Our recent innovations, including new safety and sustainability offerings, will drive long-term growth and allow us to meet some of the world's most pressing needs. 
One last item before we move to Q&A. I'm pleased to announce that our 2022 Investor Day will be held on March 3 at our corporate headquarters in Charlotte. At this Investor Day, I, along with members of the senior management team, will discuss Honeywell's business strategy, exciting new growth opportunities and an updated long-term growth algorithm. We look forward to sharing more with you about Honeywell's future at that time. 
With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. Good morning.

Yes. I mean, I think, first of all, a couple of comments on that. We do have to take, first of all, masks into account, which adds 1 point to the growth rate. So now we're at 5% to 8% because, I think, frankly, the masks are a bunch of noise into our numbers, at least for the first half. 
Second of all, the first half will be slow, which actually means that we've got to have substantial acceleration in the second half. And although we're bullish on improved supply chain flow, it is a bit of an unknown. And even with sort of the kind of a slow first half, that implies a pretty aggressive growth in the second half. And for us, 5% to 8% growth, which take 6.5%, 7% at the midpoint, I think it's a fairly reasonable guide to start the year, with a lot of uncertainty along the supply chain. 
I am optimistic, and we have some very specific data points.  For example, we have about just a shade over 90% of our semiconductor now confirmed for the year. The problem is that necessarily confirm when we want it, which will be in the first half. It's more certain for the second half. But you would have to be sort of betting on the future and sometimes the future is unpredictable until we see that. 
So we came out with guidance that I think is fair. I don't know if you want to call it aggressive or conservative, but it does assume a pretty good step up in the second half, probably not inconsistent with some of those peers. But what none of us know, and that includes Honeywell and others, is exactly what will happen in the second half. So we've built in a ramp, but we also feel like it's a ramp that can be met. So we'll -- and we'll adjust as we go through the year.

I mean, let me kind of split that up, Steve. The first one is, I think you know from a CapEx perspective, we think that this is a bit of a higher-than-normal year by, call it, $200 million to $300 million. So I think that that's probably a bit unusual. 
But look, I think there's a key point here that's missing. I think our investors should want us to spend money in CapEx and R&D. It is the highest IRR return we can have on anything we do. And with the pricing for M&A today, if you can get double-digit IRR returns on M&A, you're doing well. 
So I think this is the point is that we have great projects, both CapEx and OpEx, which will generate tremendous return for investors, especially in Sustainability and Technology Solutions. I mean that business is poised to be multibillion dollars by the end of the century and -- or by the end of the decade. And I think some of the wins that you've seen here are proof points of that, and I see nothing but acceleration from this point forward. So I think that's the story on CapEx. 
On OpEx, obviously, we have some items around Quantinuum. We're investing there. I mean we've got about almost a $200 million headwind just from OpEx investment in that business. But I mean, this is sort of another appealing thing to our investors. I mean, you can pick up the best quantum computing company in the world at an industrial multiple. Obviously, I think we're -- whether or not that stays within the portfolio, I think, is to be determined, but probably keeping it longer term in the portfolio is not the path we would go. So obviously, that will also create some headwinds. 
And then sort of R&D investment, other, I think that's a little bit to be determined. I mean, we are going to continue to invest in innovation. And as long as we have good projects, that investment is going to continue. We have some great investments in sustainability, aerospace, forage, we're going to continue to make them.

Yes. Yes. No, I get that. I mean -- but I mean, there's no sort of instant gratification. I mean, as you know, quantum computing, we're projecting to do more than $20 million this year in revenue, could do more than that. But we're also saying it's going to do $1 billion by 2026. So that's sort of a pretty attractive $2 billion by 2026. So I'd argue that's a pretty attractive curve there. 
Sustainability Technology Solutions, think about it as a $700 million business within 3 years, to give you some very specifics. Now I'd still like view it as a couple of hundred million this year, but it's going to accelerate very, very quickly to give you some curves. 
On the big scope of Honeywell, are they going to show up dramatically in Q1, Q2? Probably not. But as you look at '23, '24 and '25, we're very, very confident these things will show up, and we'll talk a little bit more about at the Investor Day. I think the Sustainability Technology Solutions business has been on fire. And with all the wins, and some of them we can't even talk about that we've had, particularly in our green fuels, gives us a lot of confidence to invest a lot more money into that business given the kind of demand we're seeing and interest in our technologies.

Yes. No, I think, Julian, as you saw in Q4, we were pretty active in the market, and we think that the shares are severely underpriced right now, and we acted, Q4. So we kind of did what we say. 
In terms of cash conversion, I'll be honest, I talked -- I hate that metric. It's not a good metric. Because if you do a bunch of really expensive M&A and you have an underfunded pension plan, you're going to look really good on that metric. And it's kind of a meaningless metric. 
I like cash as a percent of your revenue. I think that's a better metric. And I think we're going to be in the teens, some place in the teens. Some years, mid- to upper teens, some years lower. But one thing we're not going to do is not invest in the business when we have these kinds of growth opportunities. I think that -- I think it's a great sign that Honeywell has these kinds of growth opportunities that provide these kinds of returns. 
And I wish that some of the revenue and returns would come sooner. I think we all wish that. But the fact is these are attractive returns. And whether it's Quantum or Sustainability Technology Solutions or others, you don't get this kind of margin performance year after year after year. And we're not exactly a low-margin company to begin with. I mean, we're in our low 20s. So we're kind of in top quartile of our peer group, and we have continued confidence in margin expansion. Reason is because we're investing in innovation, which is differentiated, where we can capture value, I think, we've proven.

Yes.

Yes. Most of our peers.

And the short story is -- Nigel, is that if it does get passed, expect $400 million roughly, plus or minus, increase to our cash outlook for the year.

Yes. Well, I think sort of the increment for this year is pretty much all sort of growth-oriented spending. And there's a couple of other elements that are embedded. So some of the classical sort of CapEx spending is going. 
What it's getting replaced by is some of the spending that we're doing in things like automation. For example, our next phase of ISC transformation isn't so much a reduction in footprint and fixed costs and so on, but it's actually automation. So there's some CapEx that's embedded in there that doesn't necessarily help growth, but it helps margin expansion, efficiency and so on. 
So there are some puts and takes and -- but the incremental spend has really been on really growth programs. And let me just give you a couple of specific examples where we've actually spent in development. We don't probably talk about it often enough, but our Forge business, which we've been invested in pretty heavily, they're recurring, their SaaS growth, 39% last year. Their recurring revenue base, double digit last year. Overall software growth, double digit last year. 
Our Solstice business, which, as you may recall in the '15, '16, '17 time frame, we've invested a lot of capital into it. Now billion-dollar-plus kind of a business, and now we're investing even more because it's accretive to our margins. It's growing very, very quickly, and we're finding new applications. So I hope the investors trust us that we make these investments, they come to fruition, generate returns. 
They're not instantaneous. We made Solstice investments 4, 5, 6 years ago, and now they're coming to fruition and they're flowering. Made the Forge investments 3, 4 years ago, that's grown. In 2, 3, 4 years, I'm very confident we're going to be talking to you about the kind of top line we're getting from Sustainability Technology Solutions or Quantum, whether it's part of Honeywell or not, but these are attractive things.

Yes. Let me start, and I'll turn it over to Greg. I think a couple of things. we are going to get much more OE growth in 2022 than we did in 2021. It was a favorable mix in '21. But nevertheless, we're going to still continue to see aftermarket growth. We're also investing in R&D. But given the volume leverage that we expect to see and still, I wouldn't say as favorable a mix is in '21, but still a good mix in '22. We expect to see some continued margin expansion in Aero despite further investments in R&D. That's the Aero outlook. 
In terms of SPS, I think our big pressure was in the Intelligrated business because, as you know, that business grew over 50% last year, frankly. And I've said this from multiple calls, probably the worst here to pick that level of growth. So we have -- we will focus in Intelligrated in '22, not so much on growth, but there's more than enough that we could have if we wanted it. But we're going to focus on productivity and margin expansion because we really have to position that business much better for further growth, which we expect to see in '23 and '24. So that's really the business that really hurt our margins in SPS, especially in the second half of last year.

Yes. Well, I think, first of all, I'd say that you got to take the masks noise out of it. So even at the low end, we're growing the business because I think masks will still provide some noise, certainly in Q1, worth 2 points, and even some in Q2. 
The scenario would be that there's no real improvement or deterioration in the supply chain situation. I mean that is the biggest still unknown. And although we're optimistic that the supply chain is getting better and we have better -- that we've sort of bottomed out. Until we really see that, it's hard to lock that into those numbers, and that's why we kind of have the bottom where we do. But that would be the biggest sort of variable that's an unknown is really the supply chain performance.

No, the ones that where we're getting impacted the most, I think in PMT for the most part, the impact there has been very mild. I would say HBT has been impacted relatively heavily, particularly in Q4. And I would say, looking forward, that's probably the segment where we have the biggest impact. Aero also, and SPS actually is getting better. So that's sort of how I would weigh the 4 different segments.

Yes, no. The short answer, Deane, it has not impacted orders. We're obviously working with both the OEs and the FAA to find a solution. And we're actively involved in those discussions. But in terms of orders and so on, no. And I mean, if anything, if there's a hardware and/or a software solution here, it probably will -- it probably improve our outlook for orders, not actually retrack from it, but we'd be very active in those discussions.

Yes. I think I'm going to leave that answer to the experts. And I'm not an expert on this topic. So I think I'm going to defer that one.

Yes. And I think Greg said it right, which is when the supplies don't arrive on time, you cause inefficiency in the installation with them because there's -- people are essentially waiting on supplies. And that's kind of what we change going forward for '22 is we will really be staging the parts and the components needed for the warehouse before we actually apply the labor. 
So the way we're going to execute these jobs, because generally, in a normal-flowing supply chain environment, you kind of do that concurrently. But with the unpredictability in the supply chain, it's really not possible, not prudent to do it that way. So we're going to be doing much more staging before we actually apply labor to do the install, which will dramatically improve our operating efficiency.

Yes. No, we're very bullish on PMT this year. Just to give you a very specific -- some specific figures, our project business bookings were up double digit in Q4. So we actually see a substantial acceleration in our automation business, and that's reflected in the booking rates. 
PMT overall was up double digits in Q4 and the year. UOP business bookings were up over 20% in Q4. So really, really nice positioning for PMT. We're very bullish on PMT for '22 and '23. I mean the investment cycle is certainly returning, and we're seeing that in both our booking rates and the kind of performance we saw even in Q4, and we think that that's going to continue. So I think PMT is as well positioned as any business we see for '22.

I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong fourth quarter results and continued to navigate effectively through multiple uncertainties with the typical level of operational rigor you've come to expect from Honey. Our future is bright, and we look forward to discussing this further at our upcoming Investor Day. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.