Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered a strong start to the fiscal year, establishing all-time quarterly records for revenue and free cash flow. 
Looking at the quarter in more detail. We delivered revenue of $1.51 billion, above consensus and up 15% sequentially, demonstrating the strength of our broadening product portfolio. Specifically, the mobile business grew 12% sequentially, driven by increasingly complex architectures in 5G phones at our largest customer and momentum across the Android ecosystem. In parallel, our broad markets business achieved a record $477 million in the quarter, up 23% sequentially and 46% year-over-year. 
Our growth was fueled by both the continued adoption of our solutions across 5G, IoT, automotive and wireless infrastructure, and an expanding set of new customers and markets from our recently acquired I&A business. Importantly, Skyworks continues to drive strong profit margins and exceptional cash flow. We achieved gross margin of 51.2% and operating margin of 38.8%. We posted earnings per share of $3.14, above consensus and up 20% sequentially. Finally, we generated record Q1 operating cash flow of $582 million. 
As our first quarter results illustrate, the growth trajectory we established in fiscal 2021 is extending into fiscal 2022. We continue to see deployments accelerating with 5G cellular subscriptions predicted to grow from 700 million today to more than 4.4 billion by the year 2027. As connectivity becomes more vital to the ways we work, educate and play, devices are increasingly integrating 5G with advanced WiFi, precision GPS, Bluetooth, Zigbee and other wireless protocols, creating the seamless and ultrafast experience demanded by our customers. 
The rapid adoption of new wireless technologies enables a proliferating set of use cases with design wins spanning mobile and broad markets, further bolstered by contributions from our recently completed acquisition. Specifically in mobile, we shipped Sky5 platforms across leading smartphone OEMs, including Samsung, Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi, among others. In enterprise and IoT, we supported WiFi access points at Siemens, powered NETGEAR's latest WiFi 6 and 6E mesh system, partnered with British Telecom to launch 5G home routers, ramped WiFi 6 and 6E modules at Juniper Networks and Telus, and provided digital isolation solutions for GE Consumer Appliances. 
Moving to automotive. We leverage Sky5 technology to enable telematics, security, driver assist and other advanced services at leading OEMs. We scaled volume production of timing and isolation products, enabling the leading EV manufacturers. And finally, across the infrastructure and industrial space, we captured design wins at Quectel for enterprise M2M platforms, delivered industrial IoT solutions to Itron, Honeywell and Thales, supporting smart energy and factory automation. We also expanded our position in timing applications at the top 5 data centers. And as markets evolve, we expect to deploy billions of wireless devices, capitalizing on a strong multiyear growth trend. 
Advances in cloud and edge computing, autonomous vehicles and factory automation, together with the emergence of the Metaverse, we are intensifying the burden on existing networks, catalyzing demand for our highly integrated and customized platforms. From inception, Skyworks has been a driving force empowering the wireless network revolution, connecting people, places and things. We invested early and extensively to develop and fabricate cutting-edge technology at massive scale. 
Today, we're a global leader providing the essential elements required to deliver the highest performance connectivity platforms in the industry, producing billions of units, integrating core technology nodes, including gallium arsenide, bulk and surface acoustic wave as well as the most advanced multi-chip module test and assembly capabilities in the world. 
Underpinned by this powerful foundation, we are leading the transition of 5G, inspiring a new era of unrivaled innovation. The strength of our balance sheet and consistent outperformance demonstrates the significant value of our vertically-integrated model and the compelling advantages it delivers. 
Looking forward, we are committed to supporting the strategic investments in technology, product development and world-class manufacturing scale to further extend our market leadership. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.

Thanks, Kris. Despite macro challenges and supply chain specific headwinds, Skyworks delivered excellent first quarter results, underscoring the increasingly diverse composition of our customer base and extending our track record of strong profitability and robust free cash flow generation. 
This strong performance and outlook reflect our critical position within the wireless ecosystem and how complexity favors Skyworks with its vast IP, deep customer relationships, differentiated manufacturing capabilities and market-leading solutions. The momentum established in Q1 positions Skyworks for another year of record revenue and earnings. That concludes our prepared remarks. 
Operator, let's open the lines for questions.

Yes. Sure. This is Liam. Well, as noted in the prepared remarks, we had a record Broad Market quarter, $477 million, 46% year-over-year. There's just a lot more for us to do in those areas. We are extending the reach of customers -- new customers. We're driving more complex cellular engines, IoT engines to our customer base, also gaining some traction -- meaningful traction with the I&A portfolio from Silicon Labs. So that's coming together. And there's so much opportunity in the broad markets business, and we're happy to see the numbers that we're discussing now. 
But the market TAM there is substantial if you think about the scale and scope of where we can take our products. So there's a lot of work to be done there, but we're really pleased with the effort. Our team is doing well, having some new customers in our corner is always great, and we're going to continue to drive in that way. So good stuff and a lot of good technical synergy as well. So most of these products do have a kind of a common core in some cases. So it does help us drive through our supply chain very effectively in high velocity and leveraging that scale that we talk so much about.

Yes, absolutely. We definitely see great opportunity in that portfolio as it is right now. And so levering around that is a very substantial sales team from the core Skyworks still leveraging the I&A portfolio. We've done really well in the last couple of months of introducing the I&A products and technologies to customers that we already have, proven customers that we do a lot of business with, which is a great synergy for us. We are scaling operationally, the majority of the portfolio and the I&A business had been more of a fabless play. Over time, we're going to bring that technology under our own roof here at Skyworks and leverage the great scale that we have. 
So it's a lot of really interesting things that we're doing on the inside, inward looking, but there's tremendous opportunity on the outbound side. So lot of activity, great people. The spirit in the business there is very high and the opportunity that we have is tremendous. We really have a small piece of the total opportunity size that product line can bring. So I think we're excited about the opportunity. We'll continue to report on our results. But thus far, things have been going really well.

Sure, Blayne. This is Liam. Yes, I think what you may see here is relatively typical demand cycle. But then within that demand cycle, where is the technology and how do you grow that technology even in constant units, right? So I mean, it won't be constant units, but if we have a baseline. Some of the enthusiasm around our view going into June is really about design wins that we have squarely in our sights. In some cases, design wins that have been consummated, they haven't shipped yet. So a lot of that is Skyworks-specific. 
But the typical calendar or fiscal cycles that we tend to see are still relatively in place. But I will tell you that the opportunity within the devices that we're serving and with the customers that we're serving, we're seeing growth potential there. And that's much more predictable for us. Because we know exactly what we're winning, we know exactly where that's going, we know how to prepare that operationally, and still do that shoulder-to-shoulder with the leading customers. So we feel really good about it. The macro seasonality could be a little bit different, but we feel very confident in what we're going to do.

No, that's a good question. I think -- I don't know if everybody followed that, but I know where you are. So the bottom line on that, which is correct, we have an outstanding position in WiFi today. Just let me make that clear, very substantial. And it's been going great. But there has been improvements in technology and demand for higher speeds and higher performance. And in those cases, bulk acoustic wave is a critical element within the WiFi system. So we have ramped WiFi -- we have ramped our bulk acoustic wave technology, obviously, in smartphones with a lot of work, a lot of investment, and that's been going great. 
And now we're seeing that move into WiFi. And we have design wins now that capture bulk acoustic wave within a WiFi system, multiple customers. So it's another vector of growth for Skyworks. And a lot of that is in the Broad Market side. It's very diverse. It's certainly -- we love our handset business, but you've got a handful of customers. When you get into the connectivity nodes around WiFi and other cases, you have a broadening there. So we're in good position there and a great position also now to start to lever up bulk acoustic wave beyond the mobile phone.

We do we have that. We do have those today, and we're going to continue to go higher in frequency as we move along.

Yes, yes. So on the higher end, the opportunity there, we talked about driving higher performance and filtering and moving up the data rate going to 6E, all that's working. But then if you go down to the mid-tier, there's just -- there's tremendous opportunity, because there's still -- the vast majority of phones in the Android world in some of the markets in China are just now stepping up with the higher-performing filters. And they get great performance return for that. So we're doing a lot of work and shoulder-to-shoulder designing work with customers to make sure they see the merits of this technology. And the performance upside that they gain for a couple of incremental dollars. 
So I think there's a great opportunity there, coming from a low base, too. So that's not -- isn't just a simple upgrade cycle. It's coming from a very low base to mid- to higher end, and we'll continue to work along that curve. And the know-how that you build in Mobile and in RF translates very well. So all the hard work and the engineering talent that we have at Skyworks that's been working on flagship phones for years and years. They know how to scale when it goes into WiFi and some of these other wireless technologies. So we look forward to leveraging that skill set as we meet with new customers.

Sure. Sure. Yes. I mean we have 2 vectors, right? We have kind of the mid-tier moving up and then you have the premium devices really stepping up with high performance. And both of those portfolios have been great for us. And I think our ability, the years and years of time and investment, and shoulder-to-shoulder engineer work, we basically follow the lead with our customers. So we're very flexible. We can go to the highest end and we can also bring companies that haven't engaged and get them on board. And so that continues to grow.
And the merits of mobility and wireless connectivity, everyone on the call knows how important that is. So there's a lot of opportunity there. And then if you move out of smartphones, Craig, we had a question on that a few minutes ago. We just -- we're really excited by the potential for proliferating connectivity everywhere, right? You're hearing more about M2M, you're hearing more about automotive. These are real. These are real markets right now. There's WiFi opportunity. It could be cellular. All of these end markets have great promise for us beyond just the mobile phone and the technologies that we have and the in-house scale that we have really creates flexibility.
So we don't have a one-stop shop. We can be very crafty and configured -- configurable with our customer, depending on the application. So there's a lot of really interesting design wins that we have that really come about with customer problems and our engineers huddling together to solve it. So it's really cool to see. And you're going to see more and more growth around that. But still, the connectivity vector is the primary element here to make it all work.

Sure. Sure. That's a great question. Yes, and you're right. I think there's a lot more opportunity in Android now for us to go get. And it's really about an education opportunity for us. And we're working with these customers. We're demonstrating what a little bit of incremental content can do in terms of the end user's experience. So there's a lot more of a drive there. We absolutely -- it's not a technical hurdle for us. I mean we know how to do it. It's more around how do we craft the solution that provides the technology and the performance and does it at a price point and a cost point for us, where it makes a lot of sense.
And that's happening now, because as you start to see 5G really accelerate, to really get the performance that's been promised and that's been desired, you've got to put in more content -- you got to put in more filtering as we talked about already in the call. You need to raise the performance of your gallium arsenide technologies, you got to bring them in. You got to look at your packaging and test, and the coexistence issues that happen when you have more and more of these technologies in a single application, whether the application is a phone or something else. 
So there's a lot there. A couple of things I would say. In the last several months, we've been doing much, much better at the higher end of Android. Customers like Samsung have been very strong. And these are on the new platforms. These are on the highest performing new platforms that they're offering. And then we're going to bring along the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, players. 
In aggregate today, those are still very significant for us, but the content opportunity from today's baseline and where it could go over the next 2 to 3 years is quite substantial. So the point that you made at the beginning is definitely well taken. 
So that's how we see that, and we've got great inroads right now on products that will -- they have a little bit of a different cycle than some of the large U.S. players, but you should see a lot more content from Skyworks in Android products going into the second half of the year and into 2023.

Yes. No, that's a great point. So the appetite for high-end WiFi has really accelerated, and you can see the use case opportunity everywhere now, right? You do consumer products all the way to the super high end, you have WiFi, whether it's 6 or 6E. So that's all going to move in the right direction for us. 
And so one of the things that will happen as we move along the curve in WiFi, it will actually create a cycle, not unlike what you see in mobile, where content grows and then content continues to move as the application and the burden on the technology rises, right. That the more important -- the higher the speed, the more efficient it needs to be, that's going to require better technology on the semiconductor and the filtering side. So that plays together very, very well for Skyworks. And think about us as kind of the mid- to high-tier player, but we can step into that low end of the market, too. 
But we are seeing a lift when you start to look at 6 and 6E in WiFi. There's bulk acoustic wave filters there that we've already talked about on this call, but very, very important in the higher-end WiFi. And not today, highly populated. It's a cycle there that is on the upswing and it's still early. And we have the know-how to do it. So the wonderful thing there is we have the key elements to get it done. Similar elements that we would have in a high-end smartphone, but position and scale that configured in a way to deliver WiFi signals versus cellular.
So there's a lot of opportunity there, and it plays into core technologies that we have in-house. So that's a really good question, and it is a key element in our strategy in broad markets is to do more and raise the bar there on overall WiFi performance.

Yes. I mean we're actually in a pretty significant growth path with the bulk acoustic wave filtering technology that would populate the 3 to 6 Gb range. We also have a great deal of know-how and complexity on both transmit and receive and also the way to integrate the complexity around that. So when you're dealing with the high-end smartphones that would demand that kind of performance, you got to have the isolation, you've got to have the form fit and factor to integrate all of that. Because you're going to carry all of the existing 4G ,5G stuff around it, and then you have to populate when you get to 3 to 6 Gb, there's going to be some additional filtering. And that has to all be coexisting in a way that makes perfect sense within the device itself, current consumption, et cetera, size and scale. 
So we know how to do that. There's absolutely no gap at all, and we are populating 3 to 6 Gb now. And as we mentioned, our BAW filter technology is very robust, extremely competitive and populating some of the most iconic highest-performing phones today. 
So that same recipe can scale across Android, can go to the highest end Smartphones, can find itself in applications that are not mobile applications, like automotive, for example. So we have the keys for that. So that's something to work on. 
The market, in some cases, is just starting to demand this technology. In some cases, the market has been behind the technology. 
But now we're starting to see the intersection with the high-performance technology and the needs of the consumer and the market together. And I think that's where things really are going to accelerate.

Yes. For us, we don't see anything -- I mean, there's some bumpiness there, but not in the portfolios that we're driving right now. We keep a very, very lean view of our products. And Kris mentioned, it in terms of our days of inventory, et cetera, we're very -- we're not a big distribution play. We're kind of like, we go direct. So we have a very clear view of where the demand is, where the products are. And for the most part, things have been kind of short in terms of supply chain, which has limited some of our customers and created some imbalances. I think some of that's getting ironed out now.
With Skyworks, as you know, we -- the lion's share of our business is done in-house. We have our own gallium arsenide technology. We have our own TC-SAW, standard SAW, bulk acoustic wave, assembly and test, all that stuff is in-house. So we're able to execute extremely well even if the conditions are choppy out there in the supply chain. So there can be some movement around that. But we feel very good about our ability to execute in that way.

Yes. I mean right now, we are still operating in kind of the fabless play, although still leveraging our teams in a way that's very cohesive. But there's definitely operational scale advantages with bringing some of the core technologies from the I&A SLAB business in the core Skyworks facilities. I mean, I think that's -- well, we know. I mean, that's something we're working on right now. And it is 100% in our control. We don't need help for it. We know exactly what we need to do. We just need to get it done. And we'll do a lot of things, because it will open up the portfolio greatly. There'll be more scale to drive the products. 
And there's also, as I said earlier, a great synergy with the technologies that we have today and how they can dovetail with the I&A business, but also the very, very large roster of customers that the SLAB I&A business has that we can generate and engage our customers today with them. So there's going to be some great synergy there, upside synergy around revenue, and also synergy around operations. So looking forward to seeing that more as we pursue the business longer.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor events. Thank you.