Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. The second quarter was another strong one for Honeywell. We over delivered on our commitments as our rigorous operating principles enable us to navigate a challenging backdrop and remain highly resilient amid ongoing supply chain constraints, inflation headwinds and geopolitical unrest. We met or exceeded our second quarter guidance despite these challenges of adjusted earnings per share of $2.10, up 4% year-over-year and $0.02 above the high end of the guidance range. 
Organic sales grew 4% year-over-year, led by strong double-digit growth in our commercial aviation, building products, productivity solutions and services, advanced sensing technologies, advanced materials and recurring connected software businesses. This was partially offset by 3 percentage point impact from a combination of the wind down of our Russian operations and lower COVID-related mask sales as we lapped the height of demand in 2021. 
We expanded segment margin by 50 basis points year-over-year to 20.9%, meeting the high end of the guidance range as commercial excellence enable us to remain ahead of the inflation curve. Excluding the impact of our investment in Quantinuum, the margin expansion was 80 basis points year-over-year. Orders and backlog strength continued in the second quarter, led by Aero, HBT and PMT as our end markets continue to recover, giving us confidence in our demand outlook for the back half of the year. 
Orders were up 12% year-over-year, and closing backlog was $29.5 billion, while also up 12% year-over-year. In terms of capital, we deployed $2.3 billion to share repurchases, dividends and capital expenditures. We leveraged the strength of our balance sheet to opportunistically purchase 7.5 million shares throughout the quarter, reducing our average share count to 685 million shares and continuing to execute on our commitment to buy back $4 billion in shares in 2022. As always, we continue to execute our rigorous and proven value creation framework, which drives outstanding shareholder value. I am proud of Honeywell's ability to rise to the challenge to deliver strong results amid such a fluid operating environment. 
Now let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss recent senior leadership changes. This morning, we announced that Vimal Kapur has been appointed role of President and Chief Operating Officer effective immediately. Vimal is currently the President and CEO of Honeywell Performance Materials and Technologies and will maintain his PMT role until his successor is named. Honeywell is fortunate to benefit from a very deep bench of experienced leaders like Vimal with 33 years across various Honeywell businesses. As COO, he will work closely with me to drive the continued profitable growth of Honeywell's operating businesses. This includes creating new solutions to help our customers drive their sustainability transformations and accelerate their digital transformation journeys. Vimal will also oversee the continued integration of Honeywell's operating system, which we call Honeywell Accelerator. Vimal is uniquely qualified for this role in improving its operational capabilities across many different industries, business models, regions and business cycles. 
This appointment provides me additional bandwidth to focus on strategy, business development, customer engagement and people development. Now many of you will recall that I served as COO once upon a time as well. This announcement today is not a repeat of that playbook. While I won't be Chairman and CEO, indefinitely, I have no definitive plans to retire and will continue to lead Honeywell. Vimal's appointment is going to allow me additional flexibility to focus on our overarching objectives. 
In addition, effective earlier this month, we expanded both Sheila Jordan's and Suresh Venkatarayalu's role and welcome them to the executive leadership team as Honeywell officers reporting to me to ensure we continue to advance our enterprise transformation. Sheila expanded her role to include all digital transformation efforts, becoming Senior Vice President, Chief Digital Technology Officer. Sheila joined Honeywell in January 2020 and has proven significant value, working to modernize our IT infrastructure, applications, digital capabilities and talent. 
Suresh took an expanded role becoming Senior Vice President, Chief Technology and Innovation Officer. Suresh has been with Honeywell almost 30 years and has held a series of engineering and IT leadership positions, including CTO of Honeywell and SPS. Suresh is responsible for new product development and introduction processes, including development for breakthrough technologies. I'd like to congratulate Vimal, Sheila and Suresh on their new roles, and I look forward to working closely with them as they enter the next phase of Honeywell's transformation. 
Next, let me turn the slides forward to discuss other exciting recent announcements. In the second quarter, we continued to build on our reputation as one of the premium providers of cutting-edge technologies that can deliver more sustainable solutions. We announced yesterday that Archer Aviation selected Honeywell to provide flight control actuation and thermal management technologies for the urban air mobility aircraft. Archer's production aircraft will operate in dense urban environments, making critical precision from the aircraft's flight controls and actuators a must for civilian safety. 
Honeywell's actuators can accept hundreds of micro-adjustments and commands per second from fly-by-wire computers, enabling precise navigation, which will enhance safety and accommodate the unique elements of Archer's electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft. Honeywell has a wide variety of ready-now solutions that will create a more sustainable future for the aviation sector. It's a great example of that. 
In addition, last month, we announced a partnership with EnLink Midstream to deliver carbon capture solutions to industrial scale CO2 emitters along their Louisiana Gulf Coast. Our carbon capture and hydrogen purification technologies, combined with EnLink's planned CO2 pipeline transportation network provides a cost-efficient solution for customers looking to reduce the environmental impact of their operations. 
Lastly, we discussed in our Q2 leadership webcast on sustainable building technologies, released a new carbon and energy management software focused on the energy optimization and carbon reduction of commercial buildings. Commercial buildings currently account for almost 1/3 of global energy consumption and 37% of global energy-related CO2 emissions. Building owners recognize that this issue needs to be addressed and thousands of companies have voluntarily pledged to meet sustainability targets. 
Honeywell's new software offering enables building owners to track and optimize energy performance down to a device or asset level. Our carbon and energy management software leverages Honeywell's Forge, artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms to autonomously identify and implement energy conservation measures. This makes it possible for building owners to reduce the environmental impact of their building while at the same time, improving the well-being of their occupants. As you can see, we are leveraging our expertise and culture of innovation to enable a more sustainable future. Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 5 to discuss our second quarter results in more detail and to provide an update on our 2022 outlook.

Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 8 and talk of the more aspirational approach we are taking toward ESG commitments. At Honeywell, our commitment to improving the world beyond our product portfolio begins with our 4 pillars of corporate social responsibility, inclusion, diversity, employees in action, STEM education and sustainability. 
We're embedding inclusion and diversity into all our systems and processes at Honeywell from our enterprise-wide hiring protocols to our supplier diversity program. Our 9,000 employees belong to 1 of the 8 diverse employee networks and the number is growing every day, allowing us to provide opportunities for the education and allyship to all employees. We believe this approach is not only the right thing to do, but also a fundamental enabler of improved business results. Honeywell has set the guide rails for our culture of inclusion and diversity and our employees consistently go beyond what is expected and improve that culture. 
When Honeywell set up the Ukraine Relief Fund to provide underground aid and employee support, the generosity of our employees helped us raise over $1 million. Our employees are active outside work in their local community as well, volunteering over 4,000 hours in 2021. Honeywell is also committed to improving our local communities through STEM education to shape the great minds of tomorrow. We're focusing on providing unserved students access to education that'll provide -- that will drive innovation. 
Some of our initiatives include education and skill development programs in high-growth regions, college scholarships for students and STEM pathways and refurbished laptop distribution programs. Another way Honeywell improves local communities is through sustainability organizations that protect our environment and create a greener world through our partnership with the Swades Foundation in America Cares India Foundation that have helped provide over 10,000 Indian homes with access to drinking water and solar electricity. These pillars allow Honeywell to use its resources to create a long-lasting positive impact in the lives of our employees and the communities they live in around the world. 
Now let's turn to Slide 9 for some closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. We continue to execute on our value creation framework, effectively managing through ongoing external difficulties and over delivering on our financial commitments. We remain optimistic about our future, including our ability to deliver differentiated results through the cycle. We raised the midpoint of our full year organic sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance as well as increased our segment margin rate, fully absorbing higher than previously anticipated foreign exchange impact. 
I'm proud of everyone at Honeywell is working hard to adapt and deliver in this challenging environment. While there is a heightened level of macro uncertainty at present, we continue to be confident in our ability to execute on the factors within our control. With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. Well, yes, as you saw, the business was still down in Q2. But if you look at -- if you combine the long cycle and the long-cycle bookings for the first half, it's actually been up year-over-year, so things are looking better. Obviously, as we look at the Ukraine situation and the focus of a lot of our NATO allies, we do anticipate some positive tailwinds in the next 6 to 12 months. So similar to what some of the other peer companies, particularly in the defense reported, we do expect that to be a tailwind as we head into 2023 and beyond. Well, obviously, it's been a headwind so far for us this year.

Yes. Well, UOP was -- if you think about one business that got hit disproportionately hard by Russia, it was UOP. I mean it was a substantial headwind. I think it was 6...

Yes. So that's --that absorbed most of the Russia hit, and actually, we had some very robust bookings for Russia, which were canceled for UOP.

Yes. So Julian, just kind of in summary, it's probably 3 primary things. Number one is PMT mix, particularly in UOP, which is favorable, and we know it pretty well because it's a long-cycle business. Number two is some leverage and some cost actions, particularly in SPS, which will provide us margin favorability and a bit more volume leverage also in Q4. Because as you kind of look through the year, the equation will shift from more sort of price gains, the more volume leverages we get to Q4. So that's why Q4 looks a bit more -- a bit higher in terms of margin profile. It's -- this is very much in line with our original model. So there's nothing really dramatically different than what we expected.

And due to primarily very robust OE demand, which obviously is -- from a mix perspective, is negative. But really nothing there that's different than our expectations.

Yes, sure. Absolutely. Let me help unpack that. Certainly, we're trying to stay ahead of inflation. That's been a playbook. We're trying to get price where we can. And we have pretty good metrics and visibility in exactly where inflation is, how it's broken down by business unit, how we're seeing it. And now we've embedded that into our operating system that -- such that we can identify it, act. And we do that in multiple ways.
I mean, obviously, price is one lever, managing the mix to things that we can sell that are higher margin profile. We've done some redesigns which are also net helpful also generate some cost benefit. The thing I'm particularly pleased about is I can tell you, well, full transparency, 9 months ago, that was not part of our playbook. I think we stumbled a little bit 9 months ago, and I'm really thrilled because now it's part of our operating system. We know what to do. It's underpinned by the fact we have great data visibility, great analytics, 1 source of truth, which really enables us to take much more precise management actions to manage the headwinds we see in inflation.

Yes. I mean, I think some of the Warehouse kind of overcapacity in the market has been pretty well publicized, so I'm not going to dwell on that. I mean, obviously, we're seeing that too. And frankly, we forget that the PET business grew at 50% in 2021 and at a similar rate in 2020. So I think that, frankly, what it needs to happen is that some of this capacity needs to be absorbed.
We're very, very excited about the future of Warehouse Automation. So this is a bit of a blip for the next few quarters. And midterm, we think that this is going to be still a very good business. And you're right, from a mix perspective, although there is obviously -- to the top line, there is an impact; from a mix -- margin mix perspective, this would be net helpful because our LSS business is growing. Some of our projects that we are securing are at higher margin rates. So net-net, this is not something we're particularly that worried about. I mean, we wish the business was there from a top line perspective. But overall, I think this is a storm that we're definitely going to weather, and we still love the segment that we're in, in Warehouse Automation.

Yes. Well, I mean, I think let me just kind of talk a little bit about the COO role and Vimal, specifically. I mean as you can imagine, we do -- a lot of the operational outputs that we get don't happen by accident. It takes a lot of hard work and attention to detail and [ pursuing ] data and so on. And I kind of found myself maybe more in the middle of that than maybe I wanted to be. Maybe that's good and bad. 
And frankly, some of these other aspects and M&A and BD is certainly one of those is an area that I probably should be spending a little bit more time in. But I would add to that, customer outreach and people development strategy and some of the other brand building, things that, frankly, I should be doing. And I -- to be very transparent, I've talked about that openly to my own staff multiple times. And I think that the best way to kind of solve that is to really partner with Vimal to be the COO. 
I mean, he's got a great track record at Honeywell. He's been extraordinarily successful in running HBT. He's run HPS. He's run PMT. It's got 33 years' worth of experience. There aren't too many mysteries to Vimal that he doesn't know at Honeywell with that kind of multi-business experience and multicontinent experience, because he's lived in Asia, Europe and North America. So he's going to be a great partner for us to do things. And I think this is going to be a net positive for Honeywell, because it will allow me to do some other things that are going to be very beneficial. And yes, BD and M&A is going to be one of those things.

Yes. No, we love our Advanced Materials business. I mean, you're seeing a lot of things. You've seen the strength of our Solstice business really picking up. We kind of forget that we have an electronic materials business, probably the only electronic materials and chemicals business based in the U.S. So you can imagine what kind of future that has. And the business is very robust. We've invested in capacity expansion. Those capacity expansions are not even yet shown in our results and will really come to fruition in 2023. So not only are we excited about how the business is performing in '22. Things could get even better for '23. So we're very thrilled with the performance of Advanced Materials.

Thank you.

Yes. Yes. So let me kind of unpack, because there's really 2 questions. Let me very quickly open the PMT question. So no, we don't envision Vimal holding on to both roles. But what we wanted to do is to make sure that it became clear that the PMT role is open. Because as always, when we have big roles like that open, we want to consider internal and external candidates. And frankly, it's much tougher to recruit when a role isn't vacated, so he's going to serve in both roles. As you can imagine, early on, and he's got to pay a lot of attention to PMT. But as we fill that role, he's going to take over more of the COO role. So that's the first part. 
Yes, we've seen some of the same outputs on the consumer. And you're right, we don't have a lot of consumer exposure. I mean most of that consumer exposure went away with the 2 spins. So that's spot on as well. We see it a little bit indirectly. I talked about it in the Intelligrated play, because sort of -- there was some level of assumption that sort of this consumer demand would keep on going. It's kind of slowed down and consumers have a little bit of a different behavior, so we see it there. 
But I would just say this. If you go back to 2020 right after the pandemic hit us, we probably had one of the most unfavorable pandemic portfolio you could have out there, right? I mean our 2 biggest businesses were aerospace and energy. And frankly, other than maybe hospitality, those got hit about as hard as anything else. Well, I think we're kind of entering a little bit of a different cycle, and I actually think that no matter what you count in terms of the recession period, I don't see a substantial reduction in OE build rates for aerospace, air travel. 
There's a lot of pent-up demand, and you see it. You see it more on the consumer side. And my bet is you're going to see it more and more on the business side. There's still a lot of pent-up demand to travel. And let's be honest, a widebody, at least in international travel, is nowhere near where it was in 2019. So I think we're entering a cycle here, which is actually going to have a very favorable market mix, market conditions. Obviously, that's underpinned by the kind of backlog position we have. So we're cautiously optimistic that even in a recessionary environment, which may happen, I think we're still going to do quite well.

Overall, I mean, your theory is right that as some of these commodities come down, we may have an opportunity as we get into '23 for some margin expansion. It obviously varies by commodity. Some of them are indexed, some of them are not. So -- but directionally, I think your assertion is correct.

I think it's a little bit of both. I mean, certainly, the business is growing. I think -- what I'm particularly excited about is that HPT has the kind of solutions that our customers are seeking, both in terms of energy conservation, in terms of healthy buildings, healthy environments, clean air, visibility to their energy usage, visibility to their carbon emissions, all of these are -- these are solutions that we currently have in our portfolio, and there isn't a customer out there that's not interested. And that's reflected in their booking rates. I mean their booking rates were pretty much double digits, almost across the board for every one of their businesses. So it's the right portfolio, right solutions and the business is doing very, very well.

No, not yet. I mean, frankly, our business in Germany, which is obviously the biggest economy, was actually up significantly in Q2, so we're not kind of seeing any signs yet of any kind of a pickup. We're watching this as much as everybody else. We are as concerned as everybody else around sort of the energy profile as Europe heads into the winter. But so far, so good in terms of what we saw here in Q2.

Yes. So we are certainly not pulling anything from '23. So let's just be very clear about that. There is no pull-ins. We don't need to do pull-ins because the business is robust. What we're excited about is the LNG cycle. I mean, you see that investment taking place. You see it in the Middle East. You see it in the U.S. We are participating in it. UOP is participating. We had some very robust bookings that you saw in Q2 here. We actually expect more robust bookings in the second half of the year, and we're very much part of that LNG cycle. 
Another really important data point, which is -- I don't know if this is well publicized, but we are also the leading player in renewable fuels or green fuels. And the solutions there just this year, our expectation is that the bookings in that segment would be up 3x versus what they were in 2021. So we are very excited. It's -- we're kind of playing on the both ends of the barbell when it comes to the energy infrastructure. And I think this is exactly where you want to be. 
The world needs energy right now, and it's most likely going to come from natural gas, and there's got to be a build-out. There's going to be infrastructure build-out. There's going to be E&P that takes place to supply the world with natural gas. You see that particularly pronounced in Europe. We're playing in that. We're also playing on sustainability and renewables and renewable fuels. And I just gave you the very specific data point on green, sustainable fuels, where we're really a leader in that space. 
We're having more and more wins in plastics recycling. We have a pilot going on in battery storage. So just about every relevant, I talked a little bit earlier in the earnings call about the partnership in carbon capture. So just about anything you want to do in sustainability and renewable economy of the future, we also do. So we're going to benefit from both sides of this energy transition, and you see it in the bookings right this quarter.

Yes. So maybe let me take the first one Yes, I mean I think in terms of recovery on our supply chain broadly, it's going to be very, very gradual. There is no sort of a magic unlock that's going to happen in one quarter and all of a sudden, everything will now sort of get flushed through our backlogs and so on. I think it's been very gradual. Sort of the de-commits you're probably referring to, because I gave some specific numbers on that in last quarter around aerospace. And just to give you a little bit of an update on that. 
Q1 was at 22.5%, 23% in that range. Q2 was better, but it wasn't as good as we had hoped. It came in at just a shade over 21% on the de-commits, so better than Q1, but we were kind of hoping something around the 19% to 20% range. But we saw improvement. We expect that improvement to continue gradually. We also saw about a 3% improvement in output Q-over-Q. So overall, some level of progress, but it's going to be gradual. And that's kind of what we're penciling in for the next few quarters, which is gradual level of improvement, both in the semi space as well as some of the aerospace supply chain. That's kind of what our standard case is. We hope for the better.
We've deployed a small army into the supply chain, particularly in the Aerospace segment to help our suppliers get up to rate. But it's challenging because it's not sort of just the suppliers that are kind of, let's call them, Tier 3 suppliers that really feed us to the Tier 4 and even Tier 5 suppliers that are struggling. And this problem will be solved. I have no doubt it will solved, but there is no instant gratification.

And, Deane, as you know, we've absorbed sort of the FX impact as well into our guidance range, which was $0.05 on the EPS range. And on a year-over-year basis, actually a $0.14 headwind, so.
Okay. I just want to thank all of our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong second quarter results in typical Honeywell fashion. We have and we will continue to overcome the numerous external factors we face with operational rigor and agility in order to drive superior shareholder returns. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.