Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team delivered record Q4 and fiscal 2018 results, demonstrating the resilience of our business model within a choppy end-market environment.
Let me begin with a few fourth quarter financial highlights. We grew our top line by 13% sequentially and exceeded our guidance of $1 billion in revenue. We expanded gross margin by 30 basis points sequentially to 51.2%. And we produced earnings per share of $1.94, up $0.30 or 18% sequentially and $0.03 better than our guidance.
From a fiscal year perspective, we generated revenues of $3.9 billion, up 6%, with earnings per share of $7.22, up 12% on a year-over-year basis. And perhaps most importantly, we returned over $1 billion to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, representing a 55% growth in cash returns as compared to the prior fiscal year.
Notably, the Skyworks team delivered our ninth consecutive year of record revenue and EPS, with strong design win traction across Internet of Things and mobile ecosystems. Specifically, last quarter, we validated world-class performance of our Sky5 suite of 5G new radio solutions, powered Samsung's Galaxy flagship phones, launched millimeter wave RF technology at major avionic suppliers and we secured wireless networking sockets at Cisco for high-density enterprise applications. We supported DOCSIS 3.1 cable TV gateways with 2.4 and 5 gigahertz front-ends, enable smart audio solutions across Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo gaming consoles. We captured LTE Cat M content within u-blox' machine-to-machine modules. And finally, we demonstrate exceptional momentum in automotive, ramping our connectivity and telematics solutions with BMW, Geely, Hyundai, Tesla and Toyota. In short, we are capturing large-scale design wins across all key segments spanning industrial, home automation, enterprise, automotive and defense as well as numerous flagship mobile platforms.
At a higher level, Skyworks is uniquely positioned to capitalize on the rapidly approaching 5G upgrade cycle and build upon the strong foundation we've established over the past decade.
Our conviction is based on a number of strategic catalysts. First, we're seeing a significant uptick in demand for our base station and small cell Massive MIMO solutions as carriers around the world require LTE advanced technologies to achieve multi-gigabit speeds, driving network efficiency, higher capacity and greater coverage. Skyworks' vast experience is at the forefront of these initial deployments, leveraging our complete portfolio including amplifiers, circulators and switches as well as system-level highly integrated engines. We are well positioned to support the rapid deployments of the world's leading infrastructure OEMs.
Second, on the other hand of the broadband connection, our smartphone opportunity is poised for a step-up in architectural complexity, which in turn drives a dramatic increase in addressable content for us. This expansion is driven by entirely new bands, complementing existing systems, re-farmed frequencies and expanded use of multichannel carrier aggregation. And keep in mind, Skyworks already offers the industry's broadest portfolio for 4G LTE, proven and selected by the most discerning market-leading customers. We've demonstrated technology leadership across a vast set of critical product categories as our market-tested solutions resolve increasingly complex architectures, preparing us for the performance gains demanded in 5G.
Our solutions uniquely cover the spectrum from low to high and ultra-high bands, leveraging SkyOne and DRx modules to optimize, transmit and receive performance. And beyond cellular, we augment this portfolio with equally innovative WiFi, power management, precision GPS and tuning solutions.
Further, we see compelling TAM growth driven by new product functionality including 4x4 MIMO, antenna multiplexing and new millimeter wave technologies.
At the same time, the broader IoT category continues to accelerate. With expanded 5G network capacity on the horizon, we expect 75 billion devices will be connected by 2025. That's 3x today's installed base.
Leveraging our leadership across all major wireless standards including 802.11ac and ax, LoRa, Bluetooth, ZigBee, Thread and Z-Wave as well as 4G LTE and 5G, we are well positioned to capture a disproportionate share of this growth, particularly with the advent of autonomous vehicles, virtual reality, industrial IoT and frictionless commerce.
Finally, our complementary and synergistic acquisition of Avnera provides a strategic set of differentiated solutions as we see voice becoming a critical means of communication across a diverse array of AI and IoT applications. The acquisition of Avnera will enable us to capitalize on the rapid proliferation of cognitive radios and its convergence with our advanced connectivity engines.
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q1.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks delivered record results in fiscal 2018. Despite the near-term market weakness, we have a clear path to deliver our 10th consecutive year of revenue and earnings growth in fiscal 2019. This outlook is driven by sustained double-digit growth across our broad markets business; our powerful and expanding design win pipeline, encompassing a wide range of customers and applications; world-class operational execution and scale; and finally, our unwavering commitment to creating shareholder value.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, please open the lines for questions.

Sure, Craig. This is Liam. Yes, if we look at Q4 and moving into Q1, I mean, what we have here is a great demonstration of content gain and moving up to some very complex engines within premier smartphones. And that had been a lot of hard work that we've done over the last 6 to 9 months to make that happen. So those devices were ready and rolling and demonstrated a strong performance in Q4. And that same set of platforms rolling into Q1 were discounted on a unit basis. So again a lot of great content in premier Tier 1 smartphones, but a bit of a unit miss here that came in kind of late for us entering Q1. And on the China front, China continues to be an important market for us. We have a very diverse position, strong relationships with Huawei, Oppo, Vivo, a great alignment with the MediaTek platforms as well. So that market tends to have a little bit of seasonality going into Q1 as the premier Tier 1s tend to occupy and contain most of the share in the December quarter. But the China business is relatively in line with our expectation there.

Right. And alongside that, Craig, just to kind of follow up on the broad markets piece, the Avnera portfolio lines up very well with the technologies that we've deployed already today. So if you think about historically, the acquisition of SiGe that we made several years ago, how we levered that unique technology, very specific technology and brought that through our channel not only in smartphones, but through a broad set of IoT customers, that same strategy will be deployed with Avnera. And early innings look really good there.

Sure, Blayne. Yes, I mean, it is a little tough to go into March here. But we feel that the dynamics that we're describing that are imputed in our guidance right now capture most of the pain here into Q1. And we expect -- I would expect normal seasonality going into the March quarter. That's the way we look at it. You still have a broad markets business that has been able to offset weakness in mobile. When that occurs, we typically do have kind of some mobile seasonality in March, but there's nothing that we see today that would give us any kind of concern that there's going to be problems there. So we feel good about it. We are seeing more and more gains in the broader markets, the Avnera business is going to help. So we're in better position than we had been in the past to weather the storm in a March quarter.

Sure, Chris. Absolutely. Good question. So let me just begin with the fact that we are extremely well positioned to lead in 5G. There's a big step-up in technical performance. We're working with customers today. We're sampling. We're getting feedback. We're getting validation on what we're doing and how that's going to work in their system, so that's for sure. And that will include enhancing and upgrading even the backward compatibility in 4G. Even those devices will need to be altered in some way to work in a 5G world. And then when you move into 5G proper, when you start to really deliver frequencies above 3 gig and above 6 gig, there's some new technologies. Millimeter wave is an opportunity and a technology that we have some great expertise on, and we think that would be compelling and differentiated in our customer solutions. And it's a technology that we're being asked to deliver now and asked to sample now. You're going to see more and more work done in our filtering technology not only on the low band that gets enhanced in the mid-band, but we're going to start to really step up in high band. And having said that, actually, we've done a lot of work to develop our filter technology, and we've talked a little bit about it. But we didn't fully disclose some of the work that we've been doing. And today we're ready in BAW. We're developing BAW in-house. We've made targeted investments. It's part of Kris' CapEx number here. And we're working on sampling and we have a number of customers that are very interested and we're iterating through the normal process that we have with all of our technologies. But we will be ready when 5G comes for full capability across the whole spectrum.

Yes. The timing is tricky. I mean, as you know, Chris, our job is to put forth the most compelling content and grow that content and advance our customers' performance. And we did all of that. So it's tricky to see how the dynamics are playing out. I think some of the signals that the Tier 1 players have provided have been helpful that everybody's understanding and digesting that. As we get into March, as I mentioned on the last question, it is kind of early to tell, but we don't expect anything out of the ordinary. We still have the solid, robust broad markets business. I mean, some of the APAC players don't have the negative cycle in the March quarter. In some cases, that can be offset. The other thing I would say is, just reflecting back on the prepared remarks, we are still modeling growth in 2019. So we're absolutely committed to delivering top line and EPS growth through the fiscal '19 quarter. So it's only Q1 here that we're talking about, but we're comfortable with that.

Yes. I mean, market seasonality, it tends to be 10% to 15%-ish or so, I'd say, 12% at the midpoint. I mean, we always aspire to do better. It is early to make that call. We're just concluding Q4 and guiding Q1. But that's the typical range that we see. We certainly do expect some of the things that we do in nonmobile areas to offset potential mobile volatility. But net-net, as I said, we're committed to growth in the year. March, I'm sure we'll be fine in March, but that quarter's not fully guided.

Right. No, that's great question. As I said, it's really hard to give a full, complete view of the March quarter. What I would say is from where we stand today, we comprehended what we thought were the magnitude of the reductions that we could see, and we've contemplated out those in our guidance. We look at the March quarter, and we expect it to be in the range that I just articulated somewhere in the 10% to 15% sequential, which is normal. We do have some positive catalysts around broad markets, so we think of better China environment in that period. And then we'll see what happens with Tier 1 smartphone units. But we should be positioned to outperform, and hopefully, the market warms up a little bit. But in any case, again, we are committing to a full year -- full fiscal year of growth and earnings, top line and bottom line.

Yes. I think we should expect some recovery going into the second half of the year. And then we have a lot of new design wins in platforms and programs that we're ramping mobile, but in many cases, some of the broad market work that we're doing. Lots of opportunity with the Avnera channel. We're already seeing customers embrace the Skyworks brand and our scale. Quite frankly, what we offer there is more than just the sales and marketing team. We have a tremendous reach operationally to do some high levels of integration where they have a discrete product line. So all of that's going to roll in, in addition to the core organic business. So those are some of the things that give us a sense of bullishness as we look out into the second half and through the full 2019.

Yes, absolutely. So a couple of things. There is certainly an element around customer engagement, and we have a great opportunity to leverage the years and years of customer work that we've done and the trust that we've built with our accounts to now bring Avnera through that channel. That's one. We also have some amazing ability to create new solutions that would be very difficult for them to do on their own, leveraging our ability to package and test and bundle. Kind of think of it as a point product versus an integrated solution, i.e. SkyOne, right, how we've taken kind of fundamental technology and wrapped it up into an engine, a system that made it much easier, much easier for the customers to consume. So they're doing some really special work in cognitive radio. So it's not just the audio portion, but it's also these highly sensitive microphones that listen and discern the voice or the signal to create a connection. So some incredible things that we can do together, and the partnership should really form well. It will take some time before we see all the revenue build up, but we do think there will be an impact positively in 2019; and in the outer-years, certainly a significant opportunity.

What's changed? What's changed is that we've done a lot of hard work, Ed. We've made investments in the technology. Our engineering teams have been working this for a long time, and I haven't been talking about it because we weren't ready. But we're ready now, and we are sampling with key accounts. I don't want to get into all the details there, but we are sampling. We're getting feedback. There's credible iteration around the process and around the end products. And as you know, we do it differently. We're not going to be a discrete filter company. We're going to be a systems-level company. We're going to leverage that technology in our Sky5 suite, and just stay tuned for more developments.

Yes. Yes. So we wouldn't -- our role here and our ambition is to move forward into 5G. And there may be an opportunity for us to go back into legacy architectures, but I don't think that's really the sweet spot. It's really the leverage that we have in providing customers a full suite of proven LTE solutions from SkyOne to diversity received, augmenting that with 5G technology and then bringing some really compelling stuff in the high band to our customers. And I mean, clearly, this is something that's been on our agenda for a long, long time. We haven't talked much about it, but we're ready now. And you're right, this is a lot more than we've said in the past, and there's a good reason for it.

Yes. No, we're very solid in the whole DRx family from low to mid to high, and that's been in place for a while. And there's obviously iterations and improvements in performance that we make annually. On the antenna multiplexing, I think that's a new opportunity for us that we will also pursue. So we will certainly protect our core on low band and high band and DSM as we go forward. And our filtering technology today is perfect for that, and we know how to curate and alter that if we need to. But some of the other opportunities that are out there are still on the drawing board, and we'll have the technology to address. It's not going to all happen in one cycle. But I'm really pleased with the team's performance, their patience, their diligence, the hard work, some of the devices that we're putting forth today, I'm really happy with. And I think we'll be able to demonstrate that in the market very soon.

Yes. Listen, we just grew fiscal '18. We're going to grow fiscal '19. We talked about that. The fundamental change here from what would have been a more bullish guidance is really the unit change with some of the premier higher-end players where the content has been very significant. I mean, that's the fundamental issue. I mean, there's some China softness, but that's not a big surprise for us. I mean, that's something we've contemplated. And we have a broad set of accounts, we have a broad set of technologies that we're bringing to market. We have new solutions coming out into 5G. We have an IoT landscape that continues to grow at double digits and a broad markets that continues to grow at double digits. So we're not guiding the whole quarter-by-quarter, but we are comfortable with providing an outlook for the year in total, which will be top line growth and bottom line growth.

In the Q4 period, not really. A little bit of softness in China. I think it was a fairly strong quarter for us. We exceeded guidance. We grew EPS by $0.30, 18%. The Q1 impact is what we're seeing now and we're talking through. So I think that's something that we've imputed into the guidance. We think we've taken the right amount of pain in the guidance on that. Our content position is solid. There's no share loss in our leading platforms. So it's not a case where we fumbled and didn't execute or weren't able to win the sockets that we'd pursued. But across the most compelling platforms, the larger Tier 1s who just -- there's a bit of an impact there. We'll be able to recover from it. There's other parts of the business that are doing really well, and I think this part of the business will recover as well.

What I'm seeing, and this has been a theme that's been going on for a while, is that the competitive landscape honestly is getting more and more driven by 2 or 3 players, right? Maybe 4. And you have to have a broad set of technologies and you have to have the agility to work with multiple customers and solve their problems. And the complexity within mobile platforms, especially at the high end -- and the high end is where the all the money is being made by the way. It's where the money is being made by the OEMs. And they rely upon suppliers that can do the hard work for them. The hard work: delivering very, very high-performance transmit and receive, WiFi tuning, having the scale and having the techniques to do the filtering that we've talked about in the last few questions, all of that. So we don't really -- in fact, that environment has been very good for Skyworks. It's given us a chance to outperform and leverage our technical expertise, our manufacturing scale and the investments that we've made in some of these high-performance filters. So I think the competitive field is going to narrow, and the complexity and challenge is going to be very, very high. And those that can deliver and meet that challenge will do well, and we'll be among the few that can do that.

Yes. I mean, there's certainly -- there's new developments across multiple parts of the business. And in the mobile side, we're continuing to drive a content move across all parts of the portfolio. So we talked a little bit about the high end. But also in the mid-tier, there's an equally important opportunity to take mid-tier players in China and other markets and even some of the Samsung portfolio to take mid-tier phones up a level to advance their technology in 4G. And we are starting to see -- we are developing right now 5G solutions that we know are going to market, and they're going to create a meaningful catalyst. We talked about that in the prepared remarks. There will be meaningful new technologies in 5G product. That is an opportunity for everyone in our space to pursue. And I certainly like our opportunity given our experience with customers, the manufacturing assets that we have, the technologies that we have and the ability -- and I'll use the word crafty again, the ability to do very, very hard things with very high demands from customers and be able to have the flexibility to make it work for each and every one. The more you go long in the technology and you move into 5G, people do it differently, customers do it differently. They select different bands. They have different performance budgets, current budgets, and it makes it more challenging for the suppliers. And having that know-how and that broad breadth of experience with baseband providers and multiple customers puts us in a good position. So we'll start to see that in the second half of this calendar year, more and more complex engines. The IoT space continues to move up. The Avnera opportunity, we're getting our first year of that. That's going to be incrementally positive for us as well. So there's a number of very positive catalysts going on here as we get through the Q1 and Q2 periods.

Sure. Yes. We are seeing a kind of a stepped-up pace on millimeter wave, and we'll be positioned to deliver on that. So that's something -- it could be a very positive catalyst for the industry. We are absolutely positioned to execute on that area, certainly on the handheld side and also on the infrastructure side. There's a lot of IP in our company that goes back into the infrastructure days where we have a lot of IP around millimeter wave and some other technologies that we can deploy that typically hadn't been used, quite frankly, in handheld devices. So if we're able to deliver that, I think that would be exceptional. We are working on it. It's not new for us. It's just about the pace in which our customers want to deploy the technology. We'll be ready on the semiconductor and system side. It's really a matter of when does the market want to see this technology in a commercial use.

Sure. I'll start and then I'll pass it over to Kris. Yes, I think one of the things, Karl, that we like is -- in our deals -- and obviously, we haven't done many, and those that we've done have worked out pretty well. We had a very discerning view on these transactions. But one of the things that we like about this technology is that it dovetails so well into the areas that we've already created some real value. So there's a common set of customers in some areas, both in IoT and then somewhat in mobile. There's an opportunity for an integration process to occur, leveraging their core IP more at the chip level and then wrapping that up with our MCM technology and our packaging technology to do something even bigger. And then we just have kind of a real broad customer scale opportunity across the globe. But we have a big team at Skyworks that's in just about every mobile and IoT customer you could imagine and comparing that with a great organization at Avnera but just much, much smaller. So you could see how that leverage plays. And the technology today is really good. We don't have to fix their technology. It works. It's great. It's just a matter of bringing it to market and maybe changing some of the form factors to create more upside and more configurability.

Yes, it's possible. We're in the middle of our design work and our sampling right now, so I don't want to hang a date on that, but certainly in the next 12 to 18 months as I indicated. So it's possible it could be sooner. There's a lot of work to be done to validate and kind of leverage that spectrum. So we'll wait and see. But we're definitely going to be a player in that segment.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences during the quarter.