Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered record quarterly results in the first fiscal quarter of 2021, leveraging our expansive technology reach and deep customer engagements, spanning both mobile and broad markets. 
We established new quarterly records for revenue, operating margin and earnings per share, demonstrating both the power of our financial model and unique opportunity to lead the global transition to more advanced wireless communications. 
Now looking at the quarter in more detail. We delivered revenue of $1.51 billion, more than $455 million above the midpoint of our guidance. We posted earnings per share of $3.36, exceeding our guidance by $1.30, effectively doubling year-over-year earnings. We achieved gross margin of 51.1% and record operating margin of 41.2%. And we generated strong operating cash flow totaling $485 million in the quarter. 
As our results demonstrate, the demand for always-on connectivity is accelerating and extending into new applications, including telemedicine, high-speed video conferencing, remote learning, autonomous transport, essential services for the infrastructure markets, store-to-door delivery and touchless commerce. This is a global phenomenon where upgrades of key technologies are increasingly critical in the face of the ongoing pandemic. 
The investments we've made over the last 2 decades have prepared Skyworks to address these challenges. The mobile and wireless ecosystems will benefit from these dynamics, yet outsized gains will largely accrue to those companies that have invested deeply in core technology and scale. These gains are being driven by both a growing device count and an expanding content per device, in some cases, doubling or even tripling for Skyworks. 
We are proud to play an instrumental role in shaping the fast-evolving landscape. Collaborating with our partners and customers, leveraging key technologies from TC-SAW to high-performance bot filtering, SOI, gallium arsenide and state-of-the-art packaging technologies. Our strong results in Q1 demonstrate our execution around these themes. 
Specifically, in mobile, we accelerated the ramp of our Sky5 portfolio, supporting the next wave of 5G launches at Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and other Tier 1s. 
In IoT, we captured design wins across a diversified array of new and existing customers. Specifically, we partnered with ASUS, delivering the world's first WiFi 6E connected home router. We shipped WiFi 6 solutions for access points at top network OEMs including Cisco, NETGEAR, CenturyLink and Aruba. We captured new wins at Google for their latest Fitbit smartwatch. And we delivered low latency cognitive audio solutions, powering wireless gaming headsets at multiple Tier 1 accounts. 
In industrial, we ramped Itron's multistandard ISM connectivity solutions for smart cities. In infrastructure, we deployed 5G amplifier and receive modules, supporting multiple European base station OEMs. 
And finally, in automotive, we accelerated shipments of advanced connectivity solutions supporting the world's premier EV manufacturer. We leveraged V2X solutions with Volkswagen and Toyota for their enhanced safety systems; and partnered with MediaTek, for 5G reference designs, specifically targeted at automotive applications. 
Moving forward, we are seeing the confluence of multiple market developments, a significant rise in device complexity and expansion in wireless spectrum and band count, combined with a technology bar that has never been higher. These trends directly translate to increased opportunity for Skyworks with both new and existing customers with essential technologies and scale, propelling performance gains across a broad set of applications. Our purpose-built solutions address all key network protocols, spanning 5G, WiFi, enhanced GPS and Bluetooth. Additionally, we expect the current C-band auction to be a catalyst. With new spectrum creating significant content opportunities for our Sky5 platform. 
While smartphones were the first to embrace 5G, the performance gains will power a broad set of use cases, extending into billions of IoT devices. 
Looking ahead, we see 5G as a transformative technology, catalyzing new applications while acting as the universal connector from the home to the car to the factory floor. 
In summary, Skyworks is solidifying market leadership as connectivity meaningfully alters the way we live, work, play and educate not just from home but from anywhere. Our record performance clearly reflects this dynamic. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q1 and our outlook for Q2.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks started the new fiscal year with record results, clearly demonstrating the breadth and depth of our business model from Tier 1 mobile to thousands of broad market customers. Importantly, the multiyear wireless transition is now underway, creating a burgeoning set of new opportunities and use cases. With deep customer engagements, underpinned by decades of technology investments and scale, Skyworks is uniquely positioned to lead. 
Finally, our high levels of profitability and strong cash generation afford us the flexibility to invest and win while generating consistent returns to our stockholders. 
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.

Sure, absolutely. Well, a couple of things. The 5G cycle really is just beginning, and that's clear. And I think if you listen to Skyworks and what we've been saying, it's all about complexity, it's all about content gains and the culmination of those coming together with a tremendous unit launch in 5G, and again, very early in 5G. The estimates for unit uptake at 5G, if you think about 2020, maybe there were 200 million, 220 million phones. Those numbers are going to be more than double going into '21, and they'll continue to move. You've got almost 7 billion subscribers in the planet. And the percentage that own a 5G phone are very, very low. So there's a tremendous upside there in our core business in mobile and also advanced by great technology execution with our team. So that's one big driver. 
The second driver that's been bubbling up for a while is our broad market portfolio. We had tremendous gains in our broad market portfolio, 35% year-over-year with a broad set of customers, names like Nokia, names like Honeywell, names like GE, Bosch, just an entirely new landscape of customers that we've been able to engage with. 
And then we talked a lot about usage cases here in the call. Usage cases, new applications that require connectivity, whether it's WiFi, whether it's Bluetooth, whether it's 5G. All of those trends are moving in the right direction for us, and they're sustainable.

Sure. Yes. Great question. I think one -- and by the way, you're right about the tightness in supply and some of the challenges operationally. And I would say that the Skyworks team did an incredible job executing in the Q1 period. And I think we'll continue to see that opportunity extend into the full year. But I will say this, we have made the unique investments in capital and scale. We have our own 10 billion unit TC-SAW factory for customized filtering. We have bulk acoustic wave in-house. We have our own assembly and test and packaging capabilities that are unique and purpose-built for this market. 
So we were able to avoid some of the real challenges in supply chain because we've built a lot of this in-house in our own factories. But there certainly have been some bumps on the execution side throughout the landscape, the technology landscape and the connectivity landscape, but we're starting to see that clear. And fortunately, we're able to execute through that in the December quarter.

Sure. Well, we've been a key element, a key supplier for the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi ecosystem, and that continues. And we had great results with those accounts this year. There's a lot of opportunity to grow their 5G base as well, and that's something that we should be looking forward to throughout the year. And it's a multiyear cycle, of course. 
But again, one of the things that we continue to say here at Skyworks, and it really rings true, is our ability to get in and help these customers customize and configure the complexity around 5G, leverage solutions like Sky5 that really integrate that tremendous amount of components and complexity and make it easy for the customer to go to market. 
So we had some strong uptake there in the China space. We continue to see that looking good. Obviously, there, you have a Chinese New Year opportunity here as we get into our new year. So I think there's going to be some good signs of growth. But we have a good position there today, and I think there's just more room to move on units as we go through the year.

Sure. Yes. Well, it was certainly not pull-ins, that's for sure. I mean it was a quarter that started a little slow and really accelerated through the period. A tremendous amount of technology execution behind this on the mobile side. But again, in broad markets, we had a record 35% year-over-year. So it's a culmination of strong 5G launches with the most important customers. And within those launches, an extended reach of technology from Skyworks. The content that we're putting forth right now is significantly more advanced and more impactful than what we've had in prior years. And that comes through our own technology fabs, our own investments in R&D and in scale to make that happen. 
So you had a very strong mobile opportunity and then you had a broad market opportunity in parallel that was leveraging some of the core technologies as well. But again, things like WiFi moved, GPS, Bluetooth, all the connectivity protocols, the new usage cases popped up, customers that we didn't have before emerged, so it was a culmination of multiple factors. But those factors are sustainable. I mean those customers that we've won are going to stay with us as we go through the next couple of quarters and years, and we look forward to more opportunity there.

Yes. And just to follow up with Kris. I think it is important to note that the growth with our large customer is also accelerating in their new application. So it is not all just about smartphones. A lot of other opportunities there that require the connectivity protocols that we bring to market, which is really great.

Sure. Yes. I mean we are seeing that roll out now very quickly. A lot of great design wins with key customers today now. And so I mean, there's a technology pop there, Blayne, when you look at the WiFi 6E product. There's even bulk acoustic wave opportunity within those systems. And the data rates and speed are demonstrably more powerful. You could see that in your Zoom costs or whatever. So WiFi 6E is a big driver for us, as is WiFi 6. 
And that's one of the things to think about with Skyworks, it's really about connectivity. Connectivity can be 5G, connectivity can be WiFi 6, WiFi 6E, can be Bluetooth, all those protocols are there. But WiFi 6 and 6E are meaningful, and they are really now the product of choice in the work-at-home, work-from-anywhere dynamic. And I think that's an opportunity for continued gains for us.and with content and also with adding additional customers.

No. I think right now, we are in good shape from a capacity point of view. In fact, I think we've been able to broaden the aperture a little bit on execution and drive more technologies through our own fabs. So we should be in good shape. I mean obviously, the December quarter really tested our mettle in terms of execution. The team did very, very well. We still had to navigate some supply chain hiccups here and there that were outside of our supply chains. But for the most part, we executed very well. And we can take that momentum and the lessons learned through the December quarter to put us in better position to come through strong through the calendar year 2021.

Yes. No. That's a great question. So the C-band auction now is pretty much commenced. And what it does, which is great, is it opens up new spectrum in mid-band. So let's call it mid-band 1 gig to 6 gig. There's a lot of opportunity there that had been really kind of tied up pre-auction. That will be very beneficial for Skyworks because we have a great portfolio of products in mid-band. We have great product in ultra-high band and high-band as well. But C-band is going to be unique here. 
It's going to be an important piece of the 5G landscape, a very necessary piece going from low to mid to high, kind of the layer cake approach, if you will, with low band at the bottom, mid-band in the middle and then technologies like millimeter wave narrowly at the top. 
So that C-band auction will drive more technology. We will be delivering 5G signals through that new spectrum. It will require upgrades in our Sky5 platform that we're ready to go on and that we'll be able to add content.

Yes. Chris, it really is a lot of -- there's elements of each comment. So first of all, there was an accelerating demand signal here in the December quarter, which was great. Things were a little bit slower in the Q4 period, and we started really seeing the wheels turn in the right way in December. And that accelerated. That was -- the December quarter was a quarter that accelerated. It didn't decelerate. We've had other periods where we had launches that started out great and kind of tailed off. That didn't happen.
And so what it did is it put a lot of focus on execution -- supply chain execution. And fortunately -- and if you look at, obviously, our filings, we've been spending money on capital, on CapEx. And that really isn't just adding lanes of new equipment. It's actually bringing new technology to the market.
So it was a culmination of supply chain execution, largely within Skyworks. And then we had a couple of hiccups outside. We don't make everything in-house, but most of it is done in-house. So owning our own factories, delivering within our facilities, being efficient there, managing the constraints, but then also bringing that technology up. 
And we learned a lot in that period. It puts us in a much better position at the company. The lessons learned when the intensity was high, I think, really are key for us and will make us a better company as we supply further.
But then some of the other things that Kris mentioned, this was not just the mobile launch. Mobile was great and was the highlight, but we really executed in our broad markets. And I'm really proud about that. Some of the customer names I already rattled off, but really high-quality accounts that were not customers of Skyworks a year ago and they are today and they will be in the future.

Sure. Ed, I'll take this for the first question. And if you have a follow-up, I'll throw it to Kris. Yes. I mean great question for you there. And I think one of the things that you know very well is the complexity in 5G and the nuances around that technology. And really, all key elements need to come together. So we were able to put that forward with, of course, our largest customer, but we're also gaining in China with key players, the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi. We've got great attachment with MediaTek as well. 
It's still so early. If you look at units in 5G versus where they could be in a couple of years, right? You've got 6.6 -- 6.5 billion to 7 billion mobile subscribers and we're talking about a couple of hundred million units of 5G phones in 2020. It'll probably double in 2021, but there's still a great opportunity for us at Skyworks.
And the other thing that we do well is we are an under-the-hood player. We get in there with those customers and help them stitch together the necessary technologies to make it work in 5G. When you look at the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, I mean the people support that we provide is very unique. The Sky5 platform is highly integrated and really puts them on a fast, fast time line to market, which is ideal. 
We're also seeing our large customer perform extremely well, extremely well and taking share globally, in our view. So there's a lot of positives there, and it's sustainable. 5G, again, still early innings. We believe this is a multiyear thematic cycle for us and others. And then the inflection towards other markets, automotive, IoT, so many other markets that will consume these technologies. I think it just comes together for a good long-term thesis here.

Yes. Ed, it was even in the prepared remarks. We are seeing a consolidation. I mean this stuff is it's great technology. It's wonderful. It's amazing for the consumer, but it's really, really hard. And for those companies that have the ability to invest in scale and technology are going to win. And that's not for everybody. I mean it's not for everybody. And it's -- we're not the only game -- and I think we've done a great job of advancing in that area and developing the technology. And we build our stuff in-house, which has been strategically advantageous for us. 
But when you look at China, we provide the perfect recipe. We can scale. We can provide content. We can provide coaching and flexibility in the architectures and bring them to market in a technology that is just incredible today. So all that comes together.
And as you said, the smaller players right now, it's a difficult task. It's a difficult task. The technology bar is really, really high in 5G. So it's not a slogan, right? It's not a -- it's a really, really high bar to get there. So I think fewer and fewer companies can do it. Those that can are going to be successful, and we want to be part of that.

Yes. It's a great question. Well, certainly, it is -- it has been launched. It is available with certain carriers in certain phones. It is still a bit of a challenging technology today. There's line of sight issues. There's power consumption issues and there's cost issues. So it is early innings for millimeter wave. 
In time, over time, it's possible that, that footprint could expand and millimeter wave become more pervasive in the smartphone. But I'll tell you, the interesting thing, though, is the C-band auction here opens up new spectrum that will allow immediate lanes of transmission back and forth that just haven't been there today that could step up and provide another path for 5G. 
So I think millimeter wave will continue to move on. And it's a great application in certain environments, line of sight environments, campus environments, large stadiums, things like that would be perfect. But it's a bit more difficult for broad stream technology. So it's quite possible that as we build out 5G and the advancements are made, you're going to see that layer cake low band, mid-band and then millimeter wave at the top for certain applications. 
So I think all technologies there can play millimeter wave. Right now is probably the lowest in terms of introduction and exposure. But I think there's opportunity for it to grow. And we're making investments in millimeter wave as well here at Skyworks to make sure that we're close to the action and doing what we need to do to support our customers.

Yes. No, great question. First of all, we love our organic outlook. We love our business. And the markets that we play in have been incredible. They've been dynamic. They've been challenging, but they've been incredibly rewarding for us. And so what we do, though, is as we pursue opportunities and work with customers, ideas and M&A opportunities come about, right, naturally. So we continue to have our eyes and ears open on that front. The opportunities do pop up. We have a tremendous cash machine at Skyworks. You heard the data with our free cash flow margin and just the net cash that we have. So when the right opportunity comes together, we'll be ready to take advantage.

Yes. Yes. So if you think about the transition here, as we move forward, and we have BAW, great technology in TC-SAW, a standard SAW and also ultra-high band bulk acoustic wave. So we have the ability to play along that spectrum, that frequency spectrum and capture more and more opportunities. I think where you're going to see probably the most incremental growth on the Skyworks front is the delivery of our bulk acoustic wave technology. 
And if you look back at our company a couple of years ago, we talked a little bit about BAW, but we were honest and we said, look, we just don't -- we don't have the scale a couple of years ago. Now we're shipping hundreds of millions of units of bulk acoustic wave. And that technology is purpose-built for mid and high-band spectrum. 
So that is being laid out. You're seeing it now in some of the teardowns or some of the phones that we're working with today that are on the shelves. And you'll see further advancement in our bulk acoustic wave technology embedded in new phones as we go out to the next set of devices in 2021, 2022.

Yes. Yes, that's a great set of questions here, Craig. I think what we're seeing now is, again, great adoption right out of the gate with our 5G portfolio. We're thrilled to see that early innings, so there's a lot to do. And then in parallel, these broad market opportunities are really scaling right now. We talked a lot about WiFi 6. We've got Bluetooth. We've got GPS. And we're in platforms that are just -- even with our largest customer, that the amount of revenue derived in nonphone devices or noncellular devices have been incredible, and that's a new area for us to see. So that's continuing to advance.
And broad markets, again, 35% year-over-year, incredible numbers. And we're just really -- and that's a market that there's so much share that we haven't captured. It's just -- it's compelling to continue to make those investments in people and in technology to grow that.
And then the mobile business will continue to do very, very well. If you look at where we see the market, we continue to see new content opportunities that we chase and variably win. We've got a China position now that I think is going to inflect higher as the content there on a relative basis is still lower than it is in other markets. So there's a great opportunity to move. And then the expansion of use cases. So it's customers and use cases that we just haven't seen. 
Some of that came through the pandemic, a difficult period of time. And some of that were technologies that just emerged. You think about Zoom, you think about Peloton, store-to-door delivery to your house, touchless payments, all of this stuff is not going to go away. It's not going to go away. But it's also going to be powered by connectivity. It's going to be connected by the kind of things that we offer, again, whether it's WiFi, whether it's 5G, whether it's Bluetooth. I mean so there's a parallel market here that is building and creating unique momentum.
I'm incredibly excited about the 35% broad market number in a period of time that typically was all about mobile. So we're really demonstrating the ability to create diversification but still, in many cases, use common technology cores that run through our factories.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you in upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thank you.