Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Before we discuss our Q3 results, I want to briefly comment on the COVID-19 pandemic, which continues to impact families, businesses and markets worldwide. I'd like to start by recognizing the tireless efforts of our talented Skyworks team as we've rapidly adapted and responded to a new working environment. We've implemented rigorous protocols designed to protect the health and safety of our employees, along with our valued customers and trusted partners. In parallel, we continue to deliver the vital connectivity solutions that people worldwide are depending upon to navigate the pandemic. 
Now we'll turn to an overview of our third quarter performance. Skyworks delivered results well above consensus in the June quarter as our Sky5 platform gains traction, powering innovation in 5G applications at the leading smartphone OEMs and increasingly across our IoT customers. For the third quarter, we reported revenue of $737 million, nearly $50 million above our guidance. We achieved gross margin of 50.1% and operating margin of 31.3%. We posted earnings per share of $1.25, beating our guidance by $0.12. And we generated strong operating cash flow, totaling $259 million in the quarter. 
Our momentum continues to improve, reflecting on our execution across a rapidly evolving business landscape as well as the broadening adoption of 5G. A few data points highlight the growth of this critical technology. Globally, 5G subscriptions are continuing to grow with estimates approaching $3 billion over the next 5 years. 5G handset demand is accelerating across a diversified set of customers and geographies. In fact, in China, during the month of June, approximately 60% of all smartphones sold were 5G-enabled. And a new 3GPP standard was also released, validating the extension of 5G technology into IoT, V2X, multimedia broadcast and other services. Clearly, 5G, along with other advanced wireless technologies such as WiFi 6 and enhanced GPS are spawning new usage cases and fortifying the backbone of an expanding connected economy. 
During the quarter, we secured key design wins across numerous applications, from the mobile phone to industrial IoT, automotive, cognitive audio, aerospace and defense. Specifically in mobile, we are expanding our Sky5 platform across multiple flagship 5G models at Samsung, Motorola, Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi. In addition, we are populating some of the highest performing 5G platforms that we'll be launching later this year. In IoT, we're enabling AT&T's tri-band gateways with our WiFi 6 solutions; ramping indoor and outdoor access points at Aruba, Juniper and Linksys; powering integrated connectivity in Amazon and Ring security systems; launching voice assistant solutions and mesh routers at Google; and we're leveraging our 4x4 MIMO and WiFi engines and premium sound bars at Sonos. In addition, we delivered new cognitive wireless audio solutions, powering the leading gaming headsets. 
Now moving to the industrial space. We are supporting IoT platforms at Bosch and Gemalto, and leveraging our GPS circulator in advanced filter solutions at leading aerospace and defense companies. And in automotive, we're capturing new designs with Sky5 at BMW, Ford and other leading manufacturers. These wins demonstrate our market leadership, underpinned by a diverse and growing set of critical technologies, resolving increasingly complex architectures and preparing our customers for the performance gains demanded in 5G. 
During the pandemic, we have witnessed a sharp inflection in the usage case of our core technology, enabling a variety of work-from-home applications, online learning and education, media and gaming, at-home fitness, safe telemedicine and a sustainable shift to touchless commerce. Given this increased demand for high-speed data consumption, networks are being taxed as never before. To illustrate how the pressure on the network is intensifying, on a typical day, in just 1 second, there are 96,000 gigabytes of Internet traffic, 85,000 videos watched on YouTube, 84,000 Google searches and 5,000 Skype calls. Now more than ever, always-on connectivity is paramount, creating a compelling market opportunity for Skyworks' proven solutions. Whether it's Zoom, Teams, Facetime, telemedicine or touchless home delivery, at Skyworks, our commitment is to make these connections seamless and efficient. 
Looking forward, we are not bounded by handset volumes as our reach continues to expand across the IoT space, enabling a wide range of industries, applications and customers, all benefiting from the performance and utility of our solutions. In short, our unique technologies have never been more valuable, essential and critical, with an expanding opportunity set emerging in ways that we have never imagined. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q3 and our Q4 outlook.

Thanks, Kris. With 5G gaining traction, we are now at the cusp of a multiyear upgrade cycle, one in which Skyworks is uniquely positioned to outperform. Our Sky5 platform provides tremendous flexibility to our customers, purpose-built to be baseband agnostic, while powering the most innovative 5G handsets. 
In addition, these same 5G solutions are now expanding across industrial and automotive applications. And as complexity intensifies, we are aggressively adding to our enabling technologies. With ongoing investments in both TC-SAW and Bulk Acoustic Wave filtering. In fact, we just exceeded shipments of 150 million BAW-enabled modules, and we see strong momentum for this technology in both mobile and broad markets. 
Our proven ability to advance key connectivity protocols, delivering higher speeds and lower latency across 3G, 4G and now 5G, positions us well to capitalize on rapidly evolving market opportunities. Indeed, our mission of connecting everyone and everything all the time has never been more relevant. Finally, the strength of our balance sheet and cash generation capabilities allow us to accelerate the investments that fuel long-term profitable growth while enabling Skyworks to deliver premium returns for our stockholders. 
That concludes our prepared remarks. Let's open the line for questions.

Sure. Well, the upside came from a number of opportunities that we're able to execute upon, largely the launch -- the initial launch of 5G products much through China with some of our partners that we mentioned, Samsung, Oppo, Vivo and others. We also had some nice penetration in our WiFi portfolio. Our Wi-Fi 6 launches, they were beneficial to us. But there was still a great opportunity in core mobile to grow. We did have to combat some supply chain issues to be fair, but we started to improve through the quarter with acceleration through the last month of the quarter that's now propelling us into Q4. So we're very comfortable with where we are right now. I think the team did a good job. Still navigating the COVID-19 headwinds for sure, but executing well through our factories and delivering what our customers need.

Sure. Sure. Now obviously, today, we guided our Q4 quarter. But as we start to think about December, based on the traction that we're working and the demand for this 5G technology, which is still just tremendous, we think that the December quarter should be strong for us. And that will come across with a number of customers, but we have some really powerful design wins that we've created. We talk a lot about content reach here at Skyworks, and I think you're going to see that when you look at some of the new launches that will happen at the end of the year. So we're very well positioned for it. As we've always talked about, complexity is our friend. The technology bar is high. That's exactly what we want to see, and we'll be able to demonstrate that through 5G handsets here in the second half, for sure.

Yes, Toshi. And just a little bit of color on customers and design wins. A lot of new customers brought under our umbrella here this last quarter, more design wins with names like Sonos, did some really good work with AT&T on gateways, design wins at Honeywell, infrastructure designs with Ericsson and Fujitsu. So a very broad reach of broad markets. And then also, our audio portfolio is starting to gain some momentum here, and we've got some great wins with cognitive audio in some of the gaming platforms. So a pretty diverse portfolio in broad. There's a lot more we can do on the top line. We're going to be up strong in Q4 in broad markets, and the customer roster continues to grow.

Sure. Sure. Well, the way that we look at our technologies, filters of any kind, whether it's TC-SAW or Bulk Acoustic Wave, they're going to be enabling technologies that will go into a system solution like a Sky5. So we're addressing that right now. There were times where we were procuring that with third parties or actually trying to develop solutions with a different technology node to try to compete with BAW. Now we have it in-house. Now we have it within our own factories. It gives us a great deal of flexibility. Certainly, in the cellular world, our reach extends with Bulk Acoustic Wave technologies. We've got design wins in ultra-high band pads. We've got some design wins in other areas. And again, it's -- 150 million units is great, but there's so much more market share out there for us to go get. So it's early innings. I'm happy with the team's progress. We've invested in the technologies deliberately and carefully over the years to be ready for this, and I think the team is accelerating really well. We've got a lot of traction with customers, a lot of interest. And that design win pipeline should fortify here over the next 6 to 12 months.

Sure, Craig. Well, I mean, the application for BAW can be in many different segments, we can go UHB, we can go mid band, high band. We're actually -- we actually have opportunities in our WiFi modules as well. So there's a lot of growth that we can capture. Now certainly, some segments are more challenging than others. But when you start to look at 5G, you've also -- you're also dealing in 5G with a TDD, time division duplexing, which does create some unique opportunities for BAW and for our technology. So we'll see some growth there of technologies that have been in handsets and then new technologies that are 5G only, we can capture with BAW. And then we can also deploy the technology in other markets, like I said, WiFi and some other adjacent markets. So it's a great technology that have under our roof. As I said, we've been cultivating it for a long time. We understand the mechanisms. We understand what filters belong and what frequencies and what spectrum. But you should expect more from us, and we'll continue to update you.

Sure. Sure. Great question. Well, we had a really exciting, I'd say, 6 months here with Avnera, and the acceleration of the technology has been incredible. We're seeing some great lift now in products like gaming headsets, high-performance audio. We're moving to technologies now that have not only just audio itself, but really the voice synthesizing, right? Thinking about voice as an interface is a very, very powerful thing. Looking at what we're dealing with the pandemic and touchless commerce and touchless transactions, some really good stuff. So having said all that, our momentum has accelerated. We don't have BU by BU, we basically don't report by segment on BUs. But we have a really strong portfolio in the AIS business, what we call AIS. And it's been -- this last quarter was our -- the best quarter we've had so far, and we expect that to continue to grow over the next several quarters. But really good momentum there.

Yes, Blayne, it's still an interesting dynamic. On one hand, the exposure that we have has really come down quite a bit. So as a result of the trade ban, our revenues with Huawei have come down, not at 0, but they have come down. We've been able to offset that with more position here, increasing position with the European players, the Nokias, the Ericssons, even Fujitsu, on infrastructure. Most of the Huawei business for us is on the infrastructure side. So it has been a headwind. And -- but at the same time, we've been able to do quite well with other players in China, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi. Again, we continue on the infrastructure side to diversify with Ericsson and Nokia. And I would say that the worst is behind us right now with respect to Huawei. They certainly were a large customer for us, but it's been slowly coming down, and we've been able to offset that with design wins in other markets in adjacent spaces. So I think we've weathered that storm, but it had been -- has been a bit of a headwind, but it's been abating.

Yes, you're right. I mean 5G is going to be an inflection for all segments. So obviously, at the highest end, we're going to have the most complex technology and the richest level of content. But if you think about it on a relative basis, many of the opportunities that we have in China and even at Samsung, the return on the content is significant. So you could be looking at platforms that in a 4G world maybe offered $4 to $5 for us, in a 5G world, it could be $8 to $10 or even $15. So on a relative basis, there's more of a pop-up in some of the mid- and lower-end platforms than they may be in the larger ones. Now the large ones, of course, can have more units and give you a little bit more dense. But we've done quite well with populating the China brands. We're doing much better at Samsung right now because we've set our sights on the high-performing technologies, the 5G solutions, and kind of really stepped a little bit away from 3G and 4G there, and that's worked out great for us. It gives us a chance to really demonstrate the technology prowess that we bring. So we're going to have a nice combination in that area, but I think now it's kind of meshing together. And one of the things that we do well as a supplier is just to create the right solution for the right customer. So a Sky5 engine for one customer may be very different than what we do with someone in China or somewhere in Korea.

Yes, Chris, I think one of the things to remember, and I know you've been following this for a long time, is that the technology inflections have always been a challenge. 2G to 3G was years ago, but that was a challenge. 3G to 4G was much harder. But the leap from 4G to 5G is really significant, and I think anyone in this industry would agree with that. And so one of the things that has allowed us and positioned us to be ready and at the precipice of all this is that we've been working on these markets for years. This has been our bread and butter. Working in wireless technologies, cultivating and crafting the right enabling solutions, bringing in our own TC-SAW, bringing in our Bulk Acoustic Wave, leveraging our own gallium arsenide in Boston and L.A., we're crafting this stuff. So when we go in, we call it Sky5, but that Sky5 could have 8 to 10 permutations depending upon the customer need, depending upon the baseband. So we want our products to be baseband agnostic. They can work with Qualcomm, they'll work with MediaTek, whoever. And that's an important thread for us. So I think that's what makes us unique. And there's some great solutions out there, point solutions. But what we've been seeing is our customers want to pick the very, very best solutions and create their own architectures and really not just run off of a baseband reference design. So that's the way we see it. We understand the complexity in 5G. It's more than just the product itself, it's the people engagement, it's the FAE engagement, ensuring that the know-how that we have at Skyworks can transfer over to our customers and put them in position to win.

Sure. Well, the good news that it is all organic under our roof now. So we've been working on this for quite a while. Team has been doing a great job. We've got some great technologists working not only in the labs, but also in the factories to get this right. So that technology is still early innings. 150 million units is great, but you and I both know that these are -- there's 1 billion units out there to be captured. So we're -- still a long way to go, but the technology looks good right now. And it's been endorsed by all important customers, so that's good. And the second part of your question is also true. So we're leveraging not only BAW on the transmit side, but the diversity receive technology is equally important in bringing downlink speeds up. So we're going to be able to populate both ends with Bulk Acoustic Wave. So we're really looking forward to executing there. And we've got some great traction now, and we're going to be seeking out more customers as we move forward.

Yes, it is today. But I think we're going to broaden that reach and start to also look at TX chain add and I think we have some design wins with customers there, too. But the lion's share of the print today has been on the DRx side, but we certainly can take that technology and drive it in the transmit chain. We've got customers that want us there as well. And with our Sky5 solution, we can create some really unique, highly performing engines that make it very simple for our customer to use in a 5G spectrum. So it's going to be a really important technology for us. And as I said, early indications are strong.

Yes. No, no, you're right on that. That's correct. That is correct. So that's going to create another door for us to drive technology as well. Yes, with some of the partitioning that we see in those 5G solutions, there is some unique opportunities that are opening up as well.

Sure. That's a great question. So I'll try to go high level and maybe get a little more detailed as we go through it. So I think the underpinning catalyst for growth here is the 5G inflection, and it's really -- that's the genesis of this. So what you get there is if you look back 2018 and early '19, everybody's phone was either 2G, 3G or 4G. 5G just didn't exist, right? The technologies were being readied. They were almost to market, but they hadn't yet launched. So the initial stages of 5G launch now are starting to show up. They showed up in our Q3, and they're going to show up strong in Q4. And so with that, we have known content, known content, customizable stuff that we created specifically for 5G that we'll start laying in to these platforms. And the 5G additive is incremental to what you already have. So you already have a 4G phone that has whatever the content you want to call it, $8 or $9 in print, maybe $15. And then you add 5G as an incremental engine on top of the 4G engine. So that's really important. So it's -- you're going to have a device now in 5G that still carries 3G, it carries 4G and then carries the incremental high-complexity, high-performing 5G engine. So that's a big deal. And we are still very early in this cycle. This is very early. Some of the most compelling platforms have not yet launched, and we know that they will. So we have a lot to look forward there. So that's one of the most important things. 
When we think about how that growth profile looks, we cited a few stats that said, look, over the next 5 years, we could have 3 billion subscribers carrying 5G technology. Today, that number is really low. It's in a couple of hundred million units. So there's really much to do in capturing the opportunity in 5G. And in addition to the handset, there's great usage cases now in IoT and some of the other markets that we've seen. The work-from-home markets are showing a need for much faster technology that could be delivered with 5G or WiFi 6. So some really interesting themes that are coming together right now at this time that can propel our business significantly.

Yes. I mean so we have had a very good reputation and position with the players in China, the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi names for the most part, and have done very well and had a great partnership. We've been able to leverage our 4G solutions extremely well. And when we get into 5G, one of the things that really is unique for Skyworks is that the breadth of our technology and the knowledge base that our team has in developing these solutions, we become a really good partner for the China brands to launch these technologies. 5G is very difficult. I said it already. But having a partnership with Skyworks, not just on the hardware, but actually on the FAE side, the people side, to get these products to market and get them to launch, we've been great at that, and it's allowed us to really line up and be very close to the names that matter. So we think there's a great opportunity in China. It's already happening now. But there's still -- as I said, if you look at total units globally and where units could be in 5 years, there's a huge upside.

Yes. Yes. No, that's a good question. So right now, for the most part, we're probably 80% 5G mobile with our Bulk Acoustic Wave solutions. And again, those solutions are integrated in Sky5. We are seeing a growing opportunity in technologies like WiFi. We're using filtering within our integrated WiFi solution, it creates a great technical performance. So that's an opportunity. But I will say that if you think about the number of units that we produce, just as a statistic that we've said before, we manufacture about 8 billion TC-SAW filters a year, about 8 billion. And our BAW modules, we're doing great. We did 150 million. There could be more than 2 filters in the device potentially. But the difference between where we are in technologies like TC-SAW and where we are in BAW, it's incredible the opportunity that we're going to have. We're still crafting the technology. We're happy with what we've done so far, but there's just so much more to go. So there's going to be a clear line of sight in mobile because the mobile device print today has BAW, right, and if there are sockets that are there right now that we could address. As we move into IoT in some of the broad markets, it will be a kind of a teachable performance for us. We're going to basically try to power some of these solutions that maybe weren't wireless before. Maybe they were wired, and we try to create technologies that will unwire them. Maybe we do more in WiFi, leveraging Bulk Acoustic Wave. So it's going to be much more individual market-specific solutions that will go to the IoT space. But then back in mobile, which we know so well and we're under the hood with every customer, those opportunities we can see directly today, and it's on us to go out and capture it.

Yes. No, that's a great point, and we were there, right? We know how to play at the $1 billion a quarter level. And certainly, the opportunity in front of us, I think, is actually much more favorable and conducive to what we do now than it was 3 years ago. And I say it because these technologies that we've been talking about are really difficult. 5G is hard to do, really hard to do. And you have to have great people with experience, but you also have the -- you have to have the technologies. It's not a fabless play. You've got to craft the stuff. So I think the fact that we're going into an inflection that requires daunting technological performance from your factory to your FAEs, right to the customers' installation, that's going to play well for us. That's going to play well. And we wouldn't be where we are if we didn't put the 20 years of work into this technology, years and years of work. And now that work is starting to really flow in the right direction for us. So we're looking forward to that. And I think over time that the revenue is going to take care of itself if we just continue to knock out the design wins. We know the content has been increasing. 
And the other thing is, I talked about it in the prepared remarks, the usage cases around connectivity right now are really important. And I don't think this is going to go away when we hopefully clear this pandemic. I think there's going to be some lasting behavior around connectivity and wireless performance, and it's going to be used by the masses. So we really -- that's something that we weren't thinking about a year or 2 ago, but we're starting to see that now as a new theme around our portfolio, and it's something that could be quite positive for Skyworks.

Yes. So we have very good visibility of -- into demand right now, and we don't take that lightly all. I mean we understand the volatility that we've all seen with the COVID situation, and we continue to see it. But we have a very strong backlog position right now with some core technologies. We have to go ahead and execute all that. But it is -- looking at where we are now and looking at other periods of time, we're in a very good position to execute through the second half of the year. I'll let Kris talk a little bit more about the inventory situation.

Yes, absolutely. I agree. MediaTek is one of the key players for us in the baseband agnostic world. We're doing a lot of good work there. We've got great performance on a number of their new platforms. And as you know, they're a great feeder system into China and even other emerging markets. So we've got -- some of our platforms are $6 to $8 in MediaTek right now that are growing. We've done a great job with them in 4G, and we're now helping them in 5G. We've got -- not only do we have transmit chain, but we have some really good DRx receive side technology that we talked about on a different question. And their volumes are starting to pick up in 5G. So MediaTek, they've been around for a while, but they're starting to really emerge again as a leader in the emerging markets and in the China landscape. So they're supporting a lot of the names that we talked about, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi. Very often, you have that MediaTek baseband inside those solutions, and we have a great alignment with the MediaTek baseband as well. So they've been a great partner for us, and we see momentum on their end.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Thank you.