Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. We delivered a very strong start to 2021, exceeding the high end of our first quarter organic sales growth, segment margin and adjusted earnings per share guidance range.
In the first quarter, we delivered adjusted earnings per share of $1.92, down 13% year-over-year and $0.09 above the high end of our guidance range. Organic sales were down 2% year-over-year, a 5 percentage point sequential improvement from the 7% organic sales decline in the fourth quarter of 2020.
We drove year-over-year organic sales growth in 2 out of our 4 segments, HBT and SPS, despite facing difficult comps since the first quarter of 2020 wasn't fully impacted by the pandemic. Honeywell Building Technologies returned to growth, and Safety and Productivity Solutions achieved an outstanding 47% organic growth in the quarter.
We also drove double-digit year-over-year organic growth in connected software sales driven by strong demand for our connected buildings and cyber solutions. We delivered a segment margin of 21%, 10 basis points above our guidance, with margin expansion in Aerospace, HBT and SPS.
We generated $757 million of free cash flow in the quarter, a strong performance despite increased investments in high-return capital expenditures, which were up approximately $80 million year-over-year as we position ourselves for the recovery. Adjusted free cash flow conversion was 56%, up 500 basis points year-over-year on the strength of working capital improvements.
In terms of capital, we deployed $3 billion to dividends, growth CapEx, share repurchases and M&A during the quarter. We opportunistically repurchased 4 million shares throughout the quarter, reducing our share count to 705 million.
We're off to a strong start in 2021. And I'm very confident that continued improvement in our end markets, coupled with accelerated innovation and strong execution, will provide a long runway for continued business improvement and top-tier value creation for our shareholders.
Next, let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss a few of our recent business highlights. I'm excited to share a few recent recognitions and partnerships that highlight our commitment to upholding the highest ethical standards and our focus on creating breakthrough innovations.
First, Honeywell is 1 of only 8 companies in the industrial manufacturing category to be named one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere. Ethisphere is an organization that evaluates and honors businesses around the globe and across industries for their strong cultural, environmental, social governance and diversity practices. We are proud to have earned this prestigious ranking.
Second, Honeywell's named to Fast Company's annual list of the World's Most Innovative Companies for '21. In addition to being recognized for a 100-year heritage of creating groundbreaking technologies like quantum computing that transform the way the world works, Honeywell was also recognized for mobilizing quickly to help people and businesses cope with the pandemic, including our launch of new N95 mask manufacturing and our introduction of UV treatment systems for airplanes, healthy building solutions and innovative Aclar Edge bottles and vials.
We also recently announced our partnership with musician and entrepreneur will.i.am to launch the XUPERMASK, a one-of-a-kind, innovative, smart face mask for the mid- and postpandemic world. The XUPERMASK is easily adjustable to fit a variety of face shapes and is enhanced with multiple functions for the modern lifestyle, including dual 3-speed fans and HEPA filters for enhanced breathability, active noise canceling audio and microphone capabilities and Bluetooth connectivity.
Finally, we're continuously evaluating our portfolio for M&A opportunities that can enhance our existing offerings. During the first quarter, we signed an agreement to acquire a majority stake in Fiplex Communications, a company that develops in-building communication systems, including bidirectional amplifiers that provide continuous and critical in-building radio coverage in challenging environments to improve the safety of first responders and building occupants. The addition of Fiplex products and software enhance our offering in the fast-growing in-building communication market and complement our innovative, industry-leading portfolio, enabling us towards creating the next generation of fire and life safety solutions.
Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 4 to discuss our first quarter results in more detail and to provide an update on our 2021 outlook.

Thank you, Greg. Before we wrap up, I'd like to take a minute on Slide 8 to discuss ESG. At Honeywell, we consistently say and firmly believe that a robust environmental, social and government framework enables us long-term success. In fact, responsible corporate citizenship is an essential part of our value creation framework.
Importantly, we announced a commitment earlier this month to become carbon neutral in our operations and facilities by 2035. This represents a continuation of our ongoing sustainability efforts, which have already reduced the greenhouse gas intensity of our operations and facilities by more than 90% since 2004.
In addition, we work extensively to increase energy efficiency, conserve water, minimize waste and proactively champion responsible remediation projects that restore valuable community assets. We plan to achieve our commitment through a combination of further investments in energy savings projects, conversion to renewable energy sources, completion of capital improvement projects at our sites and in our fleet of company vehicles and utilization of credible carbon credits.
We have a decades-long history of innovating to help customers meet their environmental and social goals. In fact, about half of Honeywell's new product introduction, research and development investment is directed towards products that improve environmental and social outcomes for customers.
For example, the widespread adoption of Honeywell Solstice line of low global warming potential refrigerants, blowing agents and aerosols has already reduced the equivalent of more than 200 million metric tons of carbon dioxide to date, equal to eliminating emissions from more than 42 million cars. A few days ago, we announced that Whole Foods market has adopted the Solstice N40 lower global warming potential refrigerant in more than 100 of U.S. stores as it seeks to reduce refrigerant emissions under the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's GreenChill Program.
This is just one example of how our innovative products and services continue to improve customer sustainability profiles and how Honeywell is playing an active role in shaping a future that is safer and more sustainable for generations to come. 
Now let's wrap up on Slide 10. In summary, we delivered a strong start to 2021 with first quarter results that exceeded expectations. We're seeing promising signs of rapid recovery in some of our markets. And we're executing on our rigorous and proven value creation framework, which consistently delivers shareholder outperformance in all economic cycles and will continue to enable us to return to our key long-term growth commitments in 2021 and beyond.
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

That was almost 5, but I think you got to 4.

So let me start with the margins. On the margins, the biggest thing that changes is the mix makeup of our Q2. And sort of the fastest-growing business for us is Intelligrated, which was going to be growing even faster than we anticipated. And think about sort of a mid- to high double-digit growth rate for that business. So we -- our bookings, our success, our output is growing. And frankly, it's mixing in at even more as part of the overall portfolio.
So that is the #1 and primary reason that there's a little bit of that change. Some of the headwinds, merits, the thing that -- we anticipated that. So there's really no change in that. But the short answer is the Intelligrated business is growing even faster than we anticipated and continues to be a growth engine for us.
In terms of the second half, I think the one thing to be -- to interpret it wrongly for our earnings releases that we're somehow less bullish on the second half, we're not. We're actually very excited about the second half. And -- but frankly, it's 1 quarter in, in a year where there are many, many unknowns, including COVID rates in terms of infection rates and current supply chain and so on. We don't see anything in there that we're particularly worried about, but it is 1 quarter into a year which probably has many more unknowns than most. 
I think your third question was around sort of what's up, what's down. I would say -- I would characterize the following in terms of our BGA flight hours are actually up vis-à-vis our initial assumptions. So that's what's up. What's down is our air transport, which obviously is a bigger number vis-à-vis BGA. So in total, we're about the same, but it's a little bit different. 
And then lastly, I would tell you that defense and space was roughly where we expected. The U.S. markets were strong. The internationals were a little bit weaker. We're sort of looking at that for the rest of the year. We don't know if there was some sort of channel loading that kind of happened at the end of the year, not that we drove it but the distributors themselves.
So those are sort of the puts and takes. But the framework that everybody ought to just fully understand is we are very bullish on our markets. And what we're seeing is the short cycles coming back very strongly compared -- you also add on that, Intelligrated. I mean when was the last time, Steve, you've seen any segment in any of our peers grow 47% year-over-year? I mean that's remarkable.
And now in the -- whether it's in the third or fourth quarter of this year, you're going to see some of our longer-cycle businesses coming back, whether it's PMT and Aerospace. I can't exactly call it, whether it's Q3 or Q4. There's a lot of moving pieces, but they're going to come back. And as you all know, those are higher-margin businesses. So we're -- I think we're on a really, really nice ramp here coming up for our future.
Greg, I don't know if you have anything to add.

Pool pumps, wow. It was pretty close there, Steve, 47 to 50.

Sure. Yes. No, that's definitely a watch-out item for the year. And for us, inflation is taking hold. There's no doubt about it. We knew it. We see it. It's real. And if you don't stay on top of it, the 2 areas where -- and this is not a surprise. Steel, semiconductors, copper, ethylene, those are the 4 elements that we saw substantial inflation in Q1.
I can tell you that we stood up a pricing team, which has been in place since the beginning of the year. We're quickly taking actions, and we are staying ahead of it. And we're going to continue to monitor what happens and stay ahead of it.
But it's a watch-out item. I don't think things are going to abate. The short cycle is definitely hot. We all read the same articles around semiconductors and what's going on there. And I think we're going to have to just stay ahead of it. But we do expect an inflationary environment this year, and we're going to stay ahead of it. That's our commitment.

If I could just maybe add a little more color on the long term. And this is, I think, very, very consistent with the framework we provided. The Intelligrated business is growing at highly dynamic range. I mean think mid- to high double-digit kind of range. And it mixes down even within the SPS portfolio.
We've been -- that's not news. I think what is news is that we're continuing to take substantial market share in the marketplace. Building install base and as the build-out of the warehouse infrastructure moderates, we're going to get higher-margin business because, obviously, then it's going to mix much more with the LSS.
So there's really no bad news here. This is actually fantastic news that we're taking share, growing extraordinarily quickly. And as I've said all along, Intelligrated is the best acquisition we've ever done at Honeywell. Now it's more or less undeniable.
And it's a business that continues to do well. And I see it being primarily a projects business for the next short to mid-term because the demand is still very, very high, whether it's North America and Europe. And we're going to capture that share. Ultimately, that's going to become our higher-margin business as it becomes a bit more installed base-centric.

Yes. We're very bullish on the HBT business. The healthy buildings offering has kicked in. As you know, we booked roughly $100 million of that business in the year 2000. We expect it to be several hundred million in the year 2021.
We're -- as we look at the Biden infrastructure plan, there's a substantial amount of money, something to the tune of $50 billion for particularly education and infrastructure. We think that we're going to be able to play in there.
The team has done a great job managing the margin profile and the mix. So we can -- we're very bullish on what's going to happen in HBT. And we think we're very constructive on it for the rest of the year.

Yes. No, good question. We're very, very happy with the start in Sparta. And sometimes when you acquire a business, you kind of hold your breath until you actually own it and say, "Okay. Do we buy -- did we buy what we thought we bought?" And I'm very, very happy to report that we're very excited about the business. We bought exactly what we thought we were going to buy.
The first quarter numbers speak for themselves. Strong double-digit growth, bookings that are sort of multiples of that. Being in the life sciences space and providing quality management solutions is, I think, going to have a very, very long runway for the future. We've got a great team in place there. We've augmented the team with some professionals as well. And we're extraordinarily well positioned to make that a big winner and then drive the synergies of our Honeywell Process Solutions business.
I mean we forget that, that business is now really growing, the life sciences segment of the business at a disproportionate rate, this will be a further catalyst to enable even more growth. And by the way, it's substantially margin accretive, too. 
So it wasn't kind of -- it wasn't maybe the typical Honeywell acquisition that we make, but we feel very, very good about it now, kind of being the proud owner for about a quarter. And it all looks good for Q2 and the rest of the year as well.

Yes. Yes, Jeff. Well, I think there was certainly some encouraging signs in Q1. I mean we had double-digit bookings in [indiscernible]. Their services, their catalyst part of the business is coming back. Our sort of book-to-bill is in much better shape this year than versus our assumptions this year versus where it was last year. So that's also a promising sign. We're seeing some activity come back.
And I also want to highlight maybe a very important part of that portfolio for our future, which is the Sustainability Technology Solutions (sic) [ Sustainable Technology Solutions ] business. Its quote log is in the hundred millions of dollars range now and growing very, very quickly. Its bookings were up 25%.
And we're talking to literally tens of different energy producers today about our Sustainability Technology Solutions portfolio, which is highly expansive. I mean from plastics recyclability to Ecofining to energy storage to hydrogen energy to carbon capture, we have all these solutions.
So I am very optimistic about that business. And it may look very different 3 to 4 years from now than it does today because we've overinvested into our Sustainability Technology Solutions portfolio.
Now on the larger projects, and you know this, sort of the OpEx, CapEx budgets, I sort of expect that, although I would view the price of oil and gas to be very friendly towards investment. We think that, that still could be a couple of quarters away just because of where the budgets were set for a lot of the majors. And as you know, they were depressed for this year. However, they are investing in the refurbishment, the catalyst and so on.
And if you look at -- and lastly, on your question as it relates to HPS. If you look at the HPS-UOP cycle, HPS typically trails UOP by 2 to 4 quarters. That's sort of mathematically how things work.
So we see some encouraging signs, and those signs are going to get better. And the business is going to get better for the next several quarters. So we're going to be patient. But we're very confident this environment is going to keep improving because, as you know, you have to reinvest. And although we're moving to a more noncarbon energy infrastructure, we're certainly going to need carbon for a while.
And so we've got 2 different growth factors. Number one is to sustain the current but also to help those businesses transition to the future.

We're seeing some activity and some discussions because, as you know, that's exactly right, which is a greater switch from fuels to petrochemicals. So that's very much a part of our kinds of discussions and quote log that we're having.
So frankly, some of the projects are not being released yet. They're being delayed, but we're highly, highly confident those will happen.

Yes. No, I mean Europe probably was a bit slower than we anticipated in terms of flight hours. I mean that's clear in Q1. In Europe, I mean I think there's a direct correlation towards vaccinations, right? And then we kind of -- as we look at Europe, they're probably, let's call it 3 to 6 months behind the U.S. in terms of vaccination rates.
So we're going to kind of continue to see slow rate of recovery here as we move through the year. And we actually expect a fairly robust domestic flight market in the U.S. It probably won't be the case in Europe. We think that, that's probably going to push back into the fall.
But Europe -- sort of the leaders are U.K., U.S., Israel, UAE. Those are -- those markets are recovering fairly quickly. I think Europe will be next. China is in a pretty good place. India is a bit of a trouble spot, and Latin America is a bit of a trouble spot. So those will probably recover late this year.
Then we see a very strong pickup next -- even stronger pickup next year, particularly on the international routes. But some of those will recover in the second half of this year. I anticipate, especially U.S., Middle East, Europe, U.K. routes, to be fairly active even in the second half of this year.

Yes. No, I mean the pipeline continues to be good. You're right. The valuations are not exactly low. But we're going to be opportunistic. And we're going to look for kind of, I would call the needles in the haystack and think -- finding things that work for us, that makes sense for us. We think they exist.
And sometimes you got to -- you have to go in places where maybe everybody else isn't running to because, obviously, those things have a very, very expensive price tags. And we have some ideas that I think could be pretty interesting for our portfolio. 
So we -- it's a very robust pipeline. And we're always working on a couple of things that hopefully will land. And I anticipate we're going to be doing more deals in 2021. And we're also looking at other levers of capital deployment as well.

Yes. No, the constraints are significant, and they are in semi. And by the way, just to be very clear, the constraints are reflected in our guide, okay? So I just want to be very clear about that.
But the constraints are significant, and they are primarily in our SPS and more specifically PSS business. Think about $1 million of $100 million-plus kind of a number because -- so it's not small. It's actually significant.
We do think it will abate over the year. But Q2 is challenged because, frankly, the guide could have been even higher. And we are working and we've really projected an outlook for the rest of the year. And we're looking for alternative sources.
Actually, Torsten Pilz is here as our supply chain officer. So I don't know if, Torsten, if you want to provide a bit more color.

Nigel, you're breaking up. We couldn't hear your question.

I think -- I don't know what you said, but I heard -- you said lost sales. We think it's a push because obviously, a lot of these suppliers are -- were not unique. It's obviously being impacted. So it's not as if the demand is going away. So we think that this is probably a push to the second half of the year, but we'll see.
It's -- we've -- that business has been a really, really nice success story for us. And if we go back a couple of years, maybe it wasn't such a success story. It had a terrific year last year, and it just further accelerated this year and absolutely growing very, very quickly. So it's still going to have a good quarter in Q2, but it could have been a phenomenal blowout quarter in Q2.

Yes. Well, I think Q1 was a bit telling. And although we were very transparent about a $30 million one-timer, even if you exclude that element, I mean the margins were still in the upper 20s. So I think we demonstrated the credibility of the say-do that we believe this business can be in the upper 20s. I mean this is a case in point. And take out the 30, and we're still in the upper 20s. So I think that's really important.
Yes. I mean this maybe isn't a high point in sort of the investment profile of Aero. But I can tell you, and as Greg pointed out, we are investing in Aero today on some of the major platforms and products. So I wouldn't say it's an all-time low, but -- and our R&D dollars are going up from 2020 to '21. And we still expect extraordinarily attractive margins for that business.
So I think that it's -- we're investing. It's a great business. And better things are yet to come, which I think maybe gets misunderstood, which is a lot of the ATR aftermarket is not kicking in yet. I think the BGA is going to get better.
I mean -- so we have some brighter things on the future. And even at these kind of business levels, we can print something in the upper 20s. So I just think that, hopefully, people will start believing that this is a very good business, which is going to get even better for the future.
I don't know, Greg, if...

Yes. And just to maybe add to that is yes, I think what we have looking forward is the OE rates slowly increasing. And I think that, that's -- we have a fairly high degree of confidence in there throughout this year, particularly second half versus first half, and then increasing even more in 2022. So that's sort of the math.
I mean I think we also forget that as recently as 3 months ago, I mean some of the infection rates in the U.S. were very, very high. And we're in a dramatically different place. So the overall January and then part of February were fairly difficult.
But we see the world slowly coming out of this. And it's -- there's going to be a direct correlation to aviation. And we think this is going to be manifested in the second half this year than '22 and '23. And we're set up for some very, very nice quarters and years ahead of us, which are going to be slowly ramping up.
So I -- we continue to be very bullish on aviation. We're investing in the business. But at the same time, 2020 was a good opportunity for us to really rationalize some cost structure. And I think we can lever up nicely as that business starts coming back.
Okay. I'm proud of everyone at Honeywell, whose consistent hard work and unwavering commitment enable us to outperform in this challenging environment. Thank you to our shareholders for your ongoing support. We are well positioned for the recovery with a strong start to the year. And I look forward to opportunities to come during the balance of 2021 and beyond.
Thank you all for listening. And please stay safe and healthy.