Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. 
Honeywell had a tremendous first quarter, delivering earnings per share of $1.92 or $0.07 above the high end of our guidance range and up 13% excluding the impact of the spins in 2018. The strong earnings performance was driven by organic sales growth of 8% and 120 basis points of segment margin expansion.
Our outstanding top line results were driven by continued strength in our long-cycle commercial aerospace, defense and warehouse and process automations businesses. In addition, we achieved a significant improvement in Honeywell Building Technologies, which delivered 9% organic sales growth in this quarter. The first full quarter following our 2018 spin-offs, after 1% in the fourth quarter of 2018, for all of Honeywell, our long-cycle backlog increased more than 10% year-over-year and continues to position us well for the remainder of 2019.
The investments we made in our sales organization, new product development and M&A in the warehouse automation business, coupled with our winning positions under right platforms in Aerospace continued to drive outstanding top line results. Segment margin exceeded 20% in the first quarter driven by smart portfolio enhancements made in 2018, continued investments in sales excellence, increased sales volumes and the benefits of previously funded repositioning projects. 
I'm also encouraged by the improvement of gross margin, which increased 300 basis points in the first quarter. Our concerted efforts to improve working capital generated adjusted free cash flow of 55 -- growth of 55% excluding separation costs and the impact of the spins in 2018. 
Conversion in the first quarter was 82%, the highest start to the year since 2010. It represented a 14-point year-over-year improvement. I'm extremely pleased with the progress we've made in this area while continuing to invest in our business.
As a result of our first quarter results and continued confidence in our ability to deliver, today we're raising our full year organic sales guidance to a new range of 3% to 6% and earnings per share guidance to a new range of $7.90 to $8.15. We continue to expect to generate nearly $6 billion in free cash flow with conversion in the range of 95% to 100%.
As I said in January, Honeywell is a simpler, more focused company that continues to overdeliver on its commitments. We are encouraged by our results, particularly with organic sales growth and free cash flow, which were 2 of my top priorities when I took over as CEO. Notwithstanding the strong start to the year, we continue to take steps to ensure we can deliver on our commitments in a potentially uncertain macro environment should things slow down in the second half of 2019.
We took significant actions in 2018 to transform the business, the results of which you see in our performance today. A combination of strong sales growth, favorable end-market exposure and significant balance sheet positions us well for the remainder of 2019.
I'll stop there and turn the call over to Greg who will discuss our first quarter results and updated 2019 guidance in more detail.

Thanks, Greg. The first quarter was an outstanding start to 2019 for Honeywell. We continue to execute on our commitments to shareholders and accelerate organic growth from last quarter. We have winning positions in attractive end markets with multiple levers to deliver continued margin expansion. Our operational performance is driving adjusted free cash flow growth and conversion. All of this, combined with innovative new product offerings and a strong backlog, positions us well for the second quarter.
We're continuing the business transformation initiatives I outlined during our outlook call, including in Honeywell digital, a unified software business in Honeywell Connected Enterprise and the increased focus on improving our supply chain execution. You will hear more about this and other exciting things happening in Honeywell at our 2019 Annual Investor Conference, which will take place on May 14.
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. I guess I'll start. I mean I don't know that there's anything that really concerns me in the second half of the year. I think what's an unknown in the second half of the year is short-cycle business. I mean that's sort of the big unknown. And I think the signals are mixed. I mean I think overall, we're pleased with our outcome in Q1, but the short-cycle business is that -- is very much that, short cycle and all. But things looked good in Q1. They can look very, very different in the second half. You know what? On PMT, I don't know, Steve. I'm pretty happy with the PMT outcome for Q1. Whether you look at bookings, revenues, margin expansion, I'm not sure I'm really disappointed with those results at all. I'm actually very, very pleased. And when you think about things like HPS projects up strong double digits, backlog up, our book to bill up 1.2 in the long-cycle business, I don't know that I can -- that there's much to be disappointed about there.

Yes. I think that's fair. Yes, I think a couple of things. The first one being we had some destocking in our -- with our distributors. We anticipated some of that. Frankly, it was a little bit greater than we had anticipated. And we think that that's actually going to continue in Q2. When you look at the product subsegments, it's actually the mobility did okay. It was -- we looked at the sell-through figures for productivity products, the mobility did quite well. It was probably more of an issue on the destocking on the scanning, and that's where we saw a little bit of the pain points. But I will tell you that in the second half of the year, we are anticipating growth in that business. We anticipate filling some larger orders, and the destocking situation should normalize. So, yes, this -- Q1 wasn't exactly what we had hoped for, but I'm also bullish on the long term of the business.

Yes. No. I think it's just -- unfortunately, the environment hasn't change. I mean we would like to steer more of our deployment towards M&A, but I'm also trying to stay disciplined, and the multiples continue to be high. So something is going to have to give. But having said that, we have been deploying more towards buybacks, and we deployed a lot last year. Average share purchase price was right around $150, and that includes -- that's prior to the spin-off of Garrett and Resideo. So if you look at where we are today, I think that's proven to be a pretty good investment. And we continue with another $750 million in Q1, which also looks to be -- and I think when in doubt, bet on yourself. Because there's -- we feel great about the company. We feel great about our prospects. We're going to continue to perform as indicated by our backlog positions, our bookings and so on. We're very confident Honeywell is going to continue to perform. And thus, a little bit more skewed towards buyback. But don't read into that, that we're not interested in M&A. We are. We're just trying to be disciplined and pay good valuations that are reasonable, which is extraordinarily challenging in this environment and you see in the multiples we paid.

No. There was a little bit in terms of an ERP prebuy because we had done some ERP conversions. And these, sometimes, they don't go as smoothly as planned. So we generally had a little bit of a buy-in, but I don't think that was accelerated. I think it was a little bit of a mismatch between sellout expectations and buy-in expectations, and that was particularly pronounced in productivity, especially in our scanning business. And those things just take a little bit of time to normalize. And we're very confident that the portfolio has got a new set of products coming out here again, particularly in the warehouse and distribution segment, which we think is very interesting. So I'm not particularly worried about it. And like I say, we are projecting growth for the second half. But there isn't sort of something systematic here that's concerning. And a lot of our HBT portfolio is also short cycle. And you saw the kind of figures we posted there, and I was extremely pleased with the kind of organic growth that we saw on HBT, which is also primarily a short-cycle business as well other than the HP -- yes, as projects [ confirm ].

Yes. I mean I think the LNG segment is -- continue to be active. And we're waiting with some final investment decisions to be upcoming. But whether it's UOP business, which participates there as well as HPS, that's continued to be a very active segment. Our gas processing business -- and although this kind of -- this price of oil may stay unconventional segment appealing, there's also a greater level of discipline by a lot of the unconventional players in terms of cash generation, which there used to be a bit more build out the infrastructure drill and so on. Now they want to be self-sustaining in terms of their cash flow. So the environment is good, but it's also a little bit more disciplined. But anytime you see this kind of depreciation in the price of oil, we feel pretty good about the entire PMT segment. Refining with the clean fuel segment, that also continues to be an opportunity, particularly in segments like Latin America. Then of course, clean fuels, for shipping as well. So sort of broad-based strength. And whenever you get to this kind of an oil price, we feel very confident in the outlook for PMT.

Yes. Just to add to that maybe is, I just would highlight the HBT performance. I mean I think we're starting to see the seeds of better performance in HBT. And when you take the 9% number, I think that makes us feel good. We've got some more NPD coming, particularly even more so in the second half of the year than the first. So I'm very optimistic in terms of what we're seeing in that business. And overall, the environment is good. I mean I think the market didn't quite get this right in December. I mean I think that December was doom and gloom, and the recession is here. And as you can see by our results in Q1 and as Greg pointed out, you see kind of strength across the globe. We didn't have a market that really stood out to us and said, "Okay, that's a train wreck." I mean everything was either up or up a lot. So overall, we're pleased with what we're seeing so far.

No. That's actually accretive to what we do. And by the way, that grew in the teens again. So that's...

I think if you were to look at this, Scott, on a year-over-year basis, the impact is, I would say, very, very slightly accretive but negligibly so.

Yes. I think maybe just to add a couple of things. The framework has changed a little bit. What you're seeing is you're seeing a much stronger organic growth rate. And a margin rate increase still that's very much within what we committed long term to our investors, which is the 30 to 50. We're like smack right in the middle of that but at a rate -- at a growth rate that's substantially higher. But if you're concerned about sort of our continuing to focus on margins, there is no need to be concerned there because we have plenty of levers, even just from purely a productivity perspective, whether we think about ERP discussions we had before, the simplification in our ISC performance and, overall, making that much more simple. Direct material productivity, we think we have more room for improvement there as well. We're going to continue to find restructuring, just like what we did this quarter, and we anticipate doing more of that in the second half of the year as well as Q2. And then we still have some stranded costs to go to take out, both in HBT as well as corporate. So we have a lot of room in terms of productivity. We were hurt a little bit in Q1 because our Intelligrated business is growing. When I say strong double digits, I mean really, think really strong double digits, and that's not helping the mix. But overall, we're not going to step back from something just because it's lower margin when you can run it with negative cash flow as well as that kind of an expansion, which will ultimately turn to a higher-margin business once we establish that installed base.

Yes. Well, I think our assumption is exactly what Boeing laid out, which is the reduction in the production rates. We've encompassed that. We have numerous systems on the plane. We do expect that the delivery of these planes and that production rate to resume in the second half of this year. But as Greg pointed out, the impact for us is negligible, certainly for Q2. And I think given that most -- just about everybody expects a resolution, we do too. We think that's a terrific aircraft that's going to be back up and flying in the second half of the year. So I think there's really nothing more to add than that.

No, actually, air and water, to be honest, didn't have a great quarter in Q1. But overall, HBT did. So what's even more impressive about their performance, despite a challenged performance in air and water, HBT still grew 9%. So I'm actually not discouraged by that. I'm very encouraged by that. But overall, I would say the air and water segment is inconsequential in terms of overall Honeywell performance. And -- but it was a headwind to HBT in Q1, and they still grew 9%. So I view that as a very positive outcome.

We took up lows too. We took up a 1 point on the high end and 1 point on the low end.

Yes. I would say it's our long-cycle businesses. So whether we talk about PMT, we talk about the segments of Aerospace. HBT, we had a very strong booking quarter. And our book to bill was 1.2, which was also very helpful. So what we're -- what gave us the confidence for the rest of the year in raising the guidance was the long-cycle bookings. Short cycle, I still will say is unpredictable. I mean I think our visibility there is relatively unknown, especially for the second half. And I think there is a little bit of caution that we still have it in terms of our second half outlook on short cycle. We'll see how that evolves. I think you'll see some of the other commentary by some of our competitors and so on. And we're not seeing it in terms of the challenges, but that doesn't mean that they can't and won't exist. But based on what we're seeing in the business, we remain relatively bullish. And that's what gave us that confidence in raising the bottom and the top.

Well, we expect it in the second half of the year. I mean I think what's important to point out is we had some very challenging year-over-year comps, especially with our China bookings and revenue conversion. That is what drove that. But UOP had a very good orders growth. I mean mid-single-digit kind of orders growth. So there is nothing to me in UOP that's screaming a problem. Yes, I mean the year-over-year revenue growth was a little bit flattish but, again, driven more a little bit by tough comps and timing. But the number that I always look at for those long-cycle businesses is orders, and that's mid-single digit with a strong pipeline. And I'm -- this is not an area of worry for me.

Yes, I think you captured it exactly correctly. I think Intelligrated is going to have tougher and tougher comps as we get deeper into the year in Q2, Q3 and Q4. I mean I only dream that they have another quarter like Q1, but that's probably not completely realistic. So their growth on a year-over-year basis is going to be slower, but it's going to be there. But that would -- should get offset by some of the other segments of the SPS portfolio, particularly in the second half, namely productivity products and industrial safety. So we think that, that will balance out, and we're going to continue to see a rate of growth in SPS, which is, I think, mid- to upper single digits for the year. So that's our expectation right now based on what we're seeing.

Yes. I mean I think you've captured a couple of the big levers where the growth is coming from because we're moving away from just fixed-rate kind of an aftermarket growth. That's certainly a good part of it. But the other part of it is what I call the proactive aftermarket growth, which is much more around connected aircraft, around RMUs, which generate a lot of value for our customers. As you know, we made a substantial investment in the aftermarket -- primarily in the aftermarket sales team I think going back to 2 to 2.5 years ago, where we added now almost 250 sales professionals focused on driving proactive aftermarket sales. And that you're seeing the benefits of that coming through. So it's both an effort in terms of generating proactive and investing in R&D to generate these RMUs, which our sales professionals sell, and then obviously accelerated growth in our Connected Aircraft platform. Those are the 2 big drivers. And I don't see any reason why that isn't sustainable.

No. I think I'd agree with that. But as always, we always balance everything with growth in commercial levers and productivity levers and put some money to work for restructuring pipeline in Aero last year, and we're going to continue to do that. But yes, when we say commercial excellence, we really mean driving productivity and outcomes growth on the front end of the business.

Yes. A couple of factors. On the management distraction, there is no doubt that the Resideo was a heavy lift last year for the HBT team. I mean the amount of separation work that had to be done to create Resideo, particularly vis-à-vis Garrett, is incredible. So I think that, that team just did an outstanding job in enabling Resideo to exist, and I think I continue to be very impressed by what they have done. Now I wouldn't say -- was it a distraction? Yes. Did it take their eye off the ball on growth? I don't think so. But I -- they certainly have more time to do that this year when they can be very focused on the markets, on what's happening. And that team has done a great job in continuing to move that business forward. So I'm very pleased. Yes. I mean China is important for our entire business, not just HBT. It has been there a long time. We want to be a local player. We are a local player as I talked about multiple times on this call, which is we very strongly believe in our local strategies where we innovate, where we come up with ideas, where we manufacture market and sell all in the markets that we participate in, and that's certainly true in China. And I think that team has -- the China team in HBT has done a nice job in creating that kind of an offering so -- with more upside for the future. So overall, I'm not going to declare any victories after one quarter in HBT. But I certainly loved what I saw in Q1, and I'm bullish on the future.

I would characterize it a lot more as sort of a channel issue rather than anything else. And as we've pointed out, that's something we need to -- that should alleviate in the first half of the year, then we should be back at the right place by the second half of this year.

Yes. Well, as usual, we're expecting high teens to 20% growth in our software business. That target has not changed. We grew in the teens in Q1, so I think we're very much on track. [ We kind of call ] the connected enterprise is really transforming. And we're going to be doing some fun things at Investor Day, I don't want to give too much away, and the day after in terms of a new launch. You -- for those of you that went to Hanover, you probably saw a little bit of a hint of that in terms of Honeywell Forge. But I'm excited by what's going on in -- with that team and what they're trying to do. And the embedded platform is growing nicely as well. I mean think mid- to high single-digits growth there as well in a lot of those platforms. So overall, it's been an area of emphasis for Honeywell. It's going to continue to be, and we're seeing the results in our P&L.

No. I can't steal all the thunder. I've got to have something to talk about in May, Andrew. You're going to have to wait a little bit.

No. We're not really expecting that. I mean I think we're trying to be as helpful to Boeing and to NTSB as we can to get this thing resolved. But no, I think from a financial or payment, I don't anticipate that will be the case. And I am confident that Boeing is going to get this issue resolved. And we're their biggest fans, and we're ready to help in any way we can.

Yes. Well, I don't think we need to wait until midyear. I can tell you without getting precise on the numbers that the growth in our orders and our projects business in HPS specifically was, let's just call it, a strong double-digit growth. So I don't think we need to wait until Q2 or Q3. We've already seen it. And the pipeline remains strong. And yes, I mean whether it's LNG -- and it's more than LNG because it's broad-based, but we're very pleased with the kind of orders we've already booked, much less what's maybe in the pipeline.

You mean in terms of orders? Or...

Yes. I mean when you think about HPS orders, I mean most of those don't get executed for a course of 18 to 24 months and sometimes even longer. So there isn't a very fast conversion from orders to revenue. In some cases, that take -- can take several quarters.

Well, maybe. I mean I don't know that I wouldn't necessarily argue with you. But -- actually, on the short cycle, when you get into beyond 3 months, which is really kind of what we're talking about for the second half, I think we're pretty confident in our Q2. I'm not that confident that I really can give you great visibility on short cycle beyond 3 months. I mean there is nothing that I'm seeing that worries me. I mean you shouldn't read into that, that there is some issue that we're trying to cover or protect ourselves. I think it's just a reflection of there's a lot of unknowns. And as I've stated before on this call, we're seeing some of the commentary by some of our competitors. Some of them had even reported, and we were wondering are we unique or is there something else that's going on in the market here that maybe hasn't hit us yet. But I don't see that. I think we're very bullish on what's happening. But again, it's just a reflection of a level of uncertainty because I know from my past, the short cycle can turn extraordinarily quickly, and one quarter can actually be a long time.

And I would just add that, to us, pricing is a function of really NPD and bringing valuable things to customers. So we don't really like to talk about price as much as we would like to talk about value. And I think what you should expect is as our NPD cycle shortens, which we're launching a whole new innovation process called Z21, which basically will reduce our innovation cycle time in half. And our -- and the ratio of our revenues coming from new products will increase, that has obviously greater opportunities for value capture. So that's really sort of related to your question. And that innovation cycle is accelerating and it will do so, not just this year, but for many years to come.

Honeywell started 2019 with significant momentum, including strong organic sales and superb earnings and cash flow growth. We continue to execute well and still have significant balance sheet capacity to deploy. We're focused on continuing to outperform for our customers, our shareowners and our employees. I look forward to speaking with you in May. Thank you.