Thank you, Reena, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. We delivered another outstanding quarter that exceeded the high end of our second quarter organic sales growth, segment margin and adjusted earnings per share guidance range with top line growth and margin expansion in all 4 segments. 
We delivered organic sales growth of 15% led by double-digit growth in Safety and Productivity Solutions, Honeywell Building Technologies and Advanced Materials and Performance Materials and Technologies. We also returned to growth in the commercial aerospace aftermarket and UOP amid promising signs of recovery in the oil and gas and aerospace markets. 
Segment margin expanded 190 basis points to 20.4% driven by the impact of higher sales volumes. Adjusted earnings per share was $2.02, up 60% year-over-year and $0.06 above the high end of our guidance range. 
We delivered a strong second quarter in the first half of the year. I'm pleased with our performance and confident it will continue to execute and deliver through the ongoing recovery in our end markets. We are driving near-term growth in several areas of the portfolio, including Warehouse Automation, Productivity Solutions, Building Products and Advanced Materials, while the industries most affected by the pandemic will continue improving throughout the year and into 2022. 
Orders were up over 20% year-over-year organically driven by strength in Aerospace, PMT, HBT and Productivity Solutions, creating a strong setup for growth. As always, we continue to execute on our rigorous and proven operating system that drives outstanding shareholder value. 
Now let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss our recent leadership announcements. Last week, we announced changes to our senior leadership team that will take place over the coming weeks and months. Honeywell's consistent success is driven by our highly talented and committed workforce, which is guided by our world-class leadership team. 
We have a deep bench of high-quality capable leaders as demonstrated by the recent announcements. First, Vimal Kapur will succeed Rajeev Gautam as President and CEO of Performance Materials and Technologies. Rajeev will retire in August after 43 years of Honeywell and will serve as President Emeritus of Honeywell PMT until the end of January to ensure a smooth transition. Rajeev has led PMT for the past 5 years and guided the business through a deep industry downturn in 2020 with an unwavering focus on taking care of employees and customers. We greatly appreciate Rajeev's exemplary leadership over the past 4 decades. 
Vimal will transition to PMT from his prior role as President and CEO of Honeywell Building Technologies. He has been with Honeywell for 32 years and brings outstanding leadership capabilities and a deep knowledge of our end markets to the PMT CEO role. This will mark Vimal's return to PMT, where he was previously President of Process Solutions business. 
Doug Wright will succeed Vimal as President and CEO of HBT. Doug joined Honeywell in July 2020 as President of HBT's Fire and Security business. Bringing deep industry experience, he has quickly made a significant impact. Prior to joining Honeywell, Doug was President and CEO of Source Photonics, a global provider of optical communications products used in telecommunication systems and data communication networks. Prior to that, Doug spent 6 years at United Technologies, where he served as President of Asia for the company's Fire and Security business based in Shanghai and President of the company's $2.5 billion Automation and Control Solutions business. 
Finally, Ben Driggs has been named Chief Operating Officer of Global High Growth Regions and will succeed Shane Tedjarati as President, Global High Growth Regions when Shane retires at the end of 2021 after 17 years with Honeywell. Shane has played an essential role in establishing and aggressively growing Honeywell's presence in high-growth regions, and we appreciate everything he has done to make Honeywell a truly global company. Shane will remain in an advisory capacity over the next 3 years. 
Ben has been with Honeywell for more than 16 years and brings a wealth of global experience to his new role as COO of Global High Growth Regions. Most recently, Ben was Vice President of Global Strategic Accounts, where he was responsible for all aspects of our relationships with key customers at a global level. Prior to this role, Ben served in a variety of positions with Honeywell, including President of Americas Aerospace, President of Honeywell Latin America and Vice President of Aerospace Asia Pacific. 
I'd like to thank Rajeev and Shane for the numerous contributions they made to Honeywell over their highly productive careers. I'd also like to congratulate Vimal, Doug and Ben under new roles. 
Let's turn to Slide 4 and talk about another exciting recent announcement. The combination of Honeywell Quantum Solutions and Cambridge Quantum Computing or CQC forms the largest, most advanced standalone quantum computing company in the world. Honeywell's H-series quantum computer offers the world's highest demonstrated quantum volume of 1,024, and CQC has the first and most advanced quantum operating system. Together, they create a unique, full-stack quantum player in a league of its own. 
Quantum computing will absolutely remain a key breakthrough initiative for Honeywell. We will own a majority of the stake in the new company of commensurate governance rights and will have a long-term agreement to help manufacture the critical ion traps needed to power the company's quantum hardware. 
Honeywell's business will also continue serving as a proving ground for the company's quantum offerings. The combination of Honeywell Quantum Solutions and CQC is essential to advancing the value that Quantum Solutions provide to customers. To advance this value, the new company will codevelop integrated quantum hardware and software solutions to enable a one-stop shop for quantum customers. 
Additionally, the focus will be on developing hardware-agnostic software solutions and a unique quantum operating system, which is optimized for the quantum hardware on which it is used. These technologies will support customer needs for improved computation in diverse areas, including cybersecurity, drug discovery and delivery, material science, finance and optimization across all major industrial markets. 
We're already working with global customers to deliver solutions for markets with massive scalable commercialization opportunity, including JPMorgan, BMW, Samsung, Google, DHL and many others. 
The combined company holds over 150 technical patents and will have a staff of approximately 330 people, which is the largest pool of quantum talent in the world, more than 120 of whom hold doctorates and over 200 of whom are scientists, including some of the world's leading quantum computing experts. 
The long-term financial prospects of the new companies are substantial. The combination is expected to significantly accelerate the path to commercial scale, creating the potential for approximately $1 billion in sales within 2 to 5 years. We are excited about the new company's prospects, and we expect to continue to be a global quantum computing leader, shaping the future of what is projected to become a $1 trillion industry over the next 30 years. 
Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 5 to discuss our second quarter results in more detail and to provide an update on our 2021 outlook.

Thank you, Greg. Current end market macro dynamics are creating the best set of circumstances that I have seen in the last 10-plus years that I've been with Honeywell. With the commercial aerospace recovery in view, upcoming capital reinvestment in the energy sector, nonresidential construction spending returning to 2019 levels and the exponential growth we continue to see in e-commerce, we are setting up for an incredibly strong runway for medium-term growth. This macro setup, coupled with the strategies we have in place that are focused on driving uniquely innovative and differentiated technologies to address the world's increasing demand for digital transformation, process technology and sustainable solutions, gives me great confidence in our outlook for 2022 and beyond. 
Let me start by talking about the medium-term dynamics of some of our key end markets. In commercial aerospace, pent-up demand for leisure and business travel is expected to drive approximately 20% growth in flight hours over the next 2 to 3 years. Business and general aviation flight hours have already recovered to 2019 levels, and we expect air transport narrow-body and wide-body flight hours to recover by 2024. 
We're seeing a slower defense business. We are absorbing that in our strong 2021 outlook, and our growth trajectory for the next 2 years should remain robust. 
The energy markets are gaining traction, and stabilizing oil prices support an oncoming wave of capital reinvestment in this sector, with downstream customer CapEx expected to grow at a 6.5% compound annual growth rate over the next 3 years. As I said before, the investment cycle post downturn is a consistent theme, and we'll be well positioned to capture our unfair share of it. 
Acceleration in refining and petrochemical volumes will drive demand for our high-margin catalysts in new greenfield, and brownfield projects over the medium term will drive demand for licensing, engineering and equipment as well as our software and automation solutions. 
Our Building Technologies portfolio will continue to benefit from the ongoing global macro trends of sustainability, digitization and public safety. Building owners are looking for healthy building solutions to create safe public spaces while optimizing energy consumption and productivity.
Nonresidential construction is expected to grow by $230 billion to $2.5 trillion by 2024, with refurbishments for healthy building is growing at a high single-digit compound annual growth rate over the next 3 years. We also expect tailwinds from sizable U.S. stimulus programs targeting airports, education and health care as well as potential government infrastructure plans, which will provide a favorable setup for our Building Technologies business. 
We remain very well positioned to address the rapid evolution that we see in the click-and-collect consumer buying behavior, which is creating complex fulfillment and delivery needs. In fact, e-commerce is expected to make up approximately 30% of total retail sales by 2024. 
To meet this growing demand as well as to prepare for intensifying labor shortages, retail -- retailers are meaningfully stepping up investments in workflow technologies and automation, amplifying our already strong trajectory in this market with a growing installed base and ample runway for high-margin aftermarket opportunities. So you see our macro setup is as strong as it has been in a very long time. 
Now let's turn to the next page. I want to highlight a few of our strategic vectors and how they'll play into our growth algorithm. Let's start with urban air mobility or UAM, one space where we see significant growth opportunity. The total available market will be around $120 billion annually in 2030, of which we are positioned to address $30 billion. 
We have leading fly-by-wire systems for urban air mobility, avionics and vehicle management systems in addition to highly differentiated, high-assurance detect and avoid systems. We have already won $3.4 billion of content and another $1.8 billion of wins pending. And we have $7 billion in projected cumulative pipeline over the next 5 years growing to $55 billion in cumulative pipeline out to 2030. So this is a really exciting business, where we are already generating substantial wins with significant future potential. 
We're also generating growth through the Honeywell Connected Enterprise, which is underpinned by Honeywell Forge, our suite of SaaS applications that drive operational excellence and are essential to day-to-day management of the company's complex operations. Honeywell Connected Enterprise delivered double-digit recurring revenue growth, and orders were up over 20% in the second quarter, which serves as an excellent proof point as we continue to focus on driving software growth. 
We are -- also recently launched a cloud-based connected building solutions jointly developed through our SAP partnership. Our portfolio of connected solutions is demonstrating great momentum with 1 million instances of Tridium's Niagara deployed worldwide and over 5,000 Honeywell Forge OT cybersecurity projects delivered, to name a few examples. 
One of the newest additions to our portfolio, Sparta Systems, is also contributing to Honeywell's software growth with orders up over 30% in the first half of 2021. Sparta's SaaS customer base has grown double digits since year-end 2020, and Sparta ended the second quarter with a backlog of over $100 million. 
Sparta Systems recently announced that a leading European specialty pharmaceutical company implemented TrackWise Digital's solution suite that includes car QMS processes in addition to complaints handling, supplier quality management, document management and training management to seamlessly integrate quality processes and data across its manufacturing operations and suppliers. So the Sparta integration is progressing smoothly, and I'm pleased with the results thus far. 
Finally, we continue to see strong demand for our portfolio of healthy building solutions, which I mentioned earlier. We booked around $150 million of healthy building orders in the first half and have a global pipeline of over $2 billion. 
A few examples of our customer wins across major verticals include the Pittsburgh and San Diego International airports, Syracuse University and Wuhan Changfu Hospital. We anticipate the demand for healthy buildings will remain strong for the foreseeable future as building managers seek to support occupant safety and comfort for returning workers, students, travelers and visitors. 
All 4 of the technologies on this page are proof points for our strategy of focusing R&D and breakthrough initiatives around disruptive trends that will shape the global economy for years to come. We have many other equally exciting breakthroughs, including quantum, sustainable technology solutions and smart cities for -- as an example. These provide numerous growth vectors, which will be accretive to the recovery in our major end markets, which underpins my confidence in what is to come. 
Now let's wrap up on Slide 10. So overall, we are encouraged by the performance of the first half of 2021. Our second quarter results exceeded our expectations. And given our confidence in our businesses, we have meaningfully raised our full year sales, segment margin, adjusted EPS and free cash flow guidance. The Honeywell value creation framework continues to set us apart and will continue to deliver for all of our shareholders. 
With that Reena, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. Well, I think, Jeff, more importantly, it's a toggle between focus on progressing that technology versus focusing on commercialization. This business is generating revenue today for CQC, and it's generating revenue today for Honeywell Quantum Systems. And we could focus on energy -- our energy on continuing to drive commercialization. 
But we're trying to be balanced between, yes, driving some commercialization, securing some blue-chip customers but also continue to advance the technology. I mean this isn't necessarily an instant gratification kind of a business because if we just over function to commercialization, although we have a year or 2 lead on just about everybody else in the industry, that could get shortchanged if we don't continue to advance it. 
But I think that's more than anything. So the 2- to 4-year kind of a number is based on both how we see the technology evolving -- or 2 to 5 and also how we see really us focusing on technology progress versus commercialization. And I think we want to maintain both and not necessarily just full toggle to commercialization because I think that, that could sacrifice progress on the technology.

Well, Scott, to be honest, the answer is yes. I mean I think our results for Q3 would have easily been $100 million to $200 million harder -- higher than what we're saying because of supply chain constraints. 
So it is -- we're dealing with the 2. It's a daily battle. Some of the areas that were particularly challenged are semiconductors, resins. Those are probably our top 2, but we're kind of seeing some supply chain pressure across the board. And our orders are super strong, particularly in SPS. And we could easily do $100 million to $200 million more in revenue this quarter in Q3 if we didn't have those challenges. 
So what we projected is kind of a reasonable best estimate of the supply we're going to get based on what our suppliers are committing. But it's a daily battle, and we're -- we stood up a team on the supply side. We stood up a team on the pricing side to really kind of manage both those things because we're continuing to see inflation. And we're actively managing price, which actually has been a good story as we are able to pass most of that through.

Yes. Well, Steve, I think that's a fair question. I think we are tentatively planning an Investor Day in November. That's probably a good time to really look at our targets. 
But as you hear, we are very, very optimistic about our markets here in the short to mid-term. I mean we're going to have strong tailwinds. You're just now starting to see some of our higher-margin, long-cycle businesses. You saw very first evidence of that tick-up in PMT. 
Aero is going to continue to improve. Wide-body and narrow-body traffic is going to continue to improve. We absorbed some of the Defense & Space challenges this year, so that's already embedded. And we expect it to normalize. 
So as we look into next year and the year after and the year after, I mean, we are going to be relooking at our growth and margin expansion algorithm as well as -- don't forget, we still have plenty of firepower on the balance sheet, which we plan to deploy. And the pipeline is good, and we plan to be using it a bit more aggressively as we move forward. 
So I think the setup for Honeywell, and I mean this, I haven't seen it be any better since I've been at Honeywell, and that's 13 years. So I think I couldn't be more excited about what the future holds.

I think we...

Based on what we've seen today...

Based on what we've seen today -- go ahead.

Yes. So as you may have heard within the quarter, I mean, some of our production we basically shut down because when we set it up in a hurry, literally within 30 days when the pandemic struck in April 2020, we didn't optimize for cost, we optimized for speed. And frankly, that wasn't a very high-margin gain for us. We did that because the country needed us to do it. We didn't do it to maximize profit. 
So now when we reduce production, we reduce production in the highly inefficient, highly manual cells that we were -- that we could bring up quickly. But what we replaced that production with is with highly automated cells, which will drop our cost per mask on the range of 50%. So positioning the business for the future is still going to be very, very strong. 
And our IRRs -- and that's assuming there's not a pickup in the future of masks. And as we read more and more about Delta variants that we don't know what's going to happen, but even that IRR is greater than 20%. So better than any other investment. 
And like I said, this wasn't done to sort of optimize profitability so that we got some revenue. We didn't necessarily get a ton of margin with it. And now we're in a better position because we got production that's done through automation, which will drop our cost profile by about 50% per mask.

That's correct.

Sure. So maybe I'll start. One is, obviously, the Defense & Space segment is the one that's been a bit worse than we expected this year. That's the bad news. The bad news -- the good news is that we expect that to normalize 2022 and 2023. So we're kind of taking a little bit of, what I'd say, kind of the hits this year. 
The narrow-body, the wide-body flight hours, you see that in the deck, we expect it to continue to progress. The ATR OEF business is also going to continue to progress. We kind of see steady progress here in Q3, Q4 and so on. Business aviation has been strong, both on the aftermarket as well as the OE side. That's going to continue to progress. 
So overall, there's -- we have a great deal of optimism for what we're going to see in Aerospace. And the margin performance will be very commensurate with that because some of the wide-body, narrow-body aftermarket revenue is still not kicking in, which, as you know, is going to be some of our highest margin profile. 
So we're -- it feels like we're kind of taking a hit on Defense & Space this year. Next year, that is going to be much more normalized. And then next year, we're also expecting to see a high level of growth in commercial aerospace.

Yes. Thank you, Andrew, for the question. I mean I think the first thing we always look at is UOP. UOP is a leading indicator of that business. HPS trails UOP orders by anywhere from 12 to 18 months. And UOP orders for the quarter were nearly 30% up, just to give you a perspective. So that's probably the single best data point. For overall total, every business was up just about double digits in terms of orders in PMT. Our backlog was up in PMT. So all good signs. 
The other part that we're starting to see strong level of presence, both for our Honeywell Process Solutions business as well as UOP, in some of the renewable projects. You probably saw the Wabash Valley announcement around carbon capture that UOP one. Process Solutions is winning in a lot of the wind farm projects, solar farm projects. 
So we're shifting focus to where the future is while maintaining our presence in some of our traditional markets. And as we know, and we saw this movie before in the '15 and '16 time frame, you can only depress that downstream investment for so long. And we saw that come back strong in '17 and '18. We anticipate the very same thing will happen in '22 and '23. 
And oh, by the way, a lot of these petrochemical refining facilities are going to have to get reconfigured for the future of energy, which is going to be incremental growth, which is yet to see. So we're actually very, very bullish on that market, and it's being reflected today in some of our order rates.

Yes. And just to maybe add one other point to that is our balance sheet is more pristine than it's ever had -- ever been because if you look at our pension funding, it's now around 120% mark. If you look at our liabilities, which are either dropping or they're secured through other instruments, so we have a very, very different balance sheet that we did even 5 years ago. And we're going to be a bit more comfortable in terms of having a greater level of leverage given the safety of the balance sheet, which actually provides even more potential for capital deployment. 
And I agree with you. I think capital deployment is a big lever. So this kind of goes back to my prior point that I made in the presentation, which is our markets are at a tailwind, and we've got tremendous capacity on our balance sheet. 
This is kind of a rare point in the Honeywell history, where you've got good tailwinds from the markets. I talked about our strategies are working, and we've got a lot of deployment capacity on the balance sheet. I don't think there's been a better time to really -- for our position then than now.

Yes. I would certainly not read it as any new news or incremental or some new liability that's surfacing. I mean it's -- as a matter of fact, I think that was a subset of reporting and actually a broad that, that was a close thing to a close. So I wouldn't read anything more into that.

Yes.

Yes. I mean the segment that we actually are looking forward to enjoying the benefits from a margin perspective more is just return of flight hours, particularly for wide-bodies and somewhat to narrow-bodies. And we project that will slowly improve. And it's going to be correlated to vaccination rates throughout the world. 
We're seeing traffic pick up. The consumer traffic is strong actually. There's a lot of pent-up traffic demand for international travel. And that's what I said is that as we look at the next 2 to 3 years, it's going to get gradually better and better. And probably if there was a drawback, we absorbed it this year in terms of Defense & Space. And we expect that to normalize next year. 
So that's probably the only segment that we had some concerns about, but that's already reflected in our 2021 guide. And as I said, 2022 and beyond looks better.

Yes. And I think maybe just something else to add, which maybe goes unnoticed. But I mean if you look at sort of as deep as we were hit in 2020 with some of our end markets, we're now projecting for EPS range, we're basically going to be right back where we were in 2019.
So think about that as a 1-year pause, with a business that's better positioned with more tailwinds than it's ever had and a strong balance sheet. So I think that -- I think from where we sit, things look quite strong.

I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We have delivered strong results in the first half of an uncertain year, and we are well positioned to capitalize on improving conditions in key end markets while driving near-term growth opportunities across our portfolio. I've never been more excited about Honeywell's future than I am today. 
Thank you for listening. Please stay safe and healthy.