Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. We're extremely pleased with our results in 2018. We've made progress both from a portfolio and financial perspective, continued smart investments in our businesses and our people and took steps to position the company for the next 20 years. This quarter, we successfully completed our second spin-off of the year, Residio Technologies, launching our new stock exchange in October. We also continued to advance our software strategy while growing our quote businesses in attractive end markets. And most importantly, consistent with what we've done all year, Honeywell delivered on its commitments to our shareowners. We met or exceeded our financial commitments on all metrics, delivering adjusted earnings per share of $1.91 in the fourth quarter, driven by 6% organic sales growth and 80 basis points of segment margin expansion. We continue to see strength in our long-cycle businesses, most notably in Commercial Aerospace, Defense and Warehouse Automation, where our Intelligrated business is a global leader. Furthermore, we are aggressively planning and mitigating the impacts of the tariffs disputes in all of our businesses, as evidenced by the strong margin expansion we generated this quarter. Based on what we know of today, we do not expect any material impact to our results in 2019 related to tariffs.
For the full year, we achieved 100% free cash flow conversion and 105% conversion in the fourth quarter. We generated over $6 billion of free cash flow for the year, excluding spin cost payments, up 22% even after spinning nearly 20% of the company in the fourth quarter. This was principally driven by profitable growth, higher net income and continued efforts to free up working capital, all the while funding smart growth investments through $800 million of CapEx.
Our free cash flow as a percent of sales was the highest it's been in at least 15 years, and we expect it will continue to grow from here. Importantly, our U.S. pension is funded over 105%, and we do not expect any cash contributions in the near term. The financial health of this company heading into 2019 is as strong as it's ever been, and we still have ample resources to deploy.
Lastly, we continue the steady cadence of capital deployment for an additional $1.7 billion of Honeywell share repurchases in the quarter, bringing the full year total to approximately $4 billion. As a result, we now expect to fully diluted share count to be down at least 3% in 2019 based on our plan to reduce share count by at least 1% from 2018.
As we continue to return cash to our shareowners through $2.3 billion in dividend, following another double-digit dividend increase in 2018. This was a particularly good year for Honeywell. We have a simpler, more focused portfolio after the spins and continue to execute on our initiatives as we look to the future. We see strength across several end markets and have significant balance sheet capacity to deploy. And while we're not planning for recession in 2019, we are taking steps now to ensure we deliver on our commitment in an uncertain economic environment.
Let's turn to Slide 3 to review some of the progress from last year. As I mentioned, we took significant steps through 2018 to transform the business. One of my key priorities from the outset was to accelerate organic growth. As you've seen via our results, we're making good progress on this front. We're encouraged by the fact that nearly 60% of the portfolio grew sales 5% or more organically for the full year of 2018 with several businesses growing above 10%. With the spin-offs complete, we now operate a more focused portfolio in a smaller number of attractive end markets. Portfolio optimization is central to and will continue to be part of Honeywell's operating system. We plan to continue to effectively deploying capital by funding high-return CapEx and returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We have had 9 consecutive double-digit dividend increases since 2010 and still have a strong and flexible balance sheet with the ability to deploy over $14 billion of cash through M&A, CapEx, dividends and share repurchases. A combination of strong sales growth, favorable end-market exposure and significant balance sheet capacity positions us well as we head into 2019.
We are now on Slide 4. As I mentioned, continuous transformation is part of Honeywell's operating system. In this slide, we highlight 3 key transformation initiatives to establish Honeywell as a premier technology company for the future. Earlier this year, we established Honeywell Connected Enterprise, or HCE, which is a strengthened and centralized organization that will serve as a software innovation engine for all of Honeywell. HCE operates through its speed and agility of a start-up, working close with our businesses and our customers across the entire portfolio to build the world's best software solutions rapidly and efficiently on a single platform.
Our transformation to a premier technology company require us to look beyond just spin-offs. Our Chief Supply Chain Officer, Torsten Pilz, is leading Honeywell's efforts to improve our supply chain and optimize our global footprint. We see a lot of opportunity here to drive margin expansion and operational efficiency, and you'll hear much more about this from Torsten at our Annual Investor Conference in May.
We are making similar enhancements on our capabilities internally with Honeywell's digital initiative. This requires people, process, data and technology elements to come together, which will allow for a more effective and efficient decision-making throughout Honeywell. This effort includes a continuation of our progress through centralized ERP systems.
Thus far, we have eliminated 35 unique systems in 2018, going from 106 to 71, and we are on path to just 10 ERP applications by the end of 2020. The result will be consistent processes and centralized data governance of a common IT foundation.
As you can see, we have achieved a lot this year and continue to redefine the limits on what Honeywell can achieve to be the best positioned, multi-industrial company for the future.
Let's turn to Slide 5 to review the progress against our key priorities.
I laid out my key priorities for the company in 2017. Since then, we've continued to foster a culture within Honeywell of doing what we say or, as we call it, the say-do ratio. As you stack the results against our long-term commitments, you can see we're clearly making progress and, in some instances, achieving milestones sooner than we thought, such as with our organic sales growth and free cash flow conversion. We are accomplishing these objectives while making smart investments for the future through CapEx, restructuring and research and development. Our software businesses grew in the mid-teens range last year on a path to the 20% long-term compound annual growth rate we anticipate. We've taken steps to unify and strengthen our software strategy through the Honeywell Connected Enterprise and continue to invest in software development, sales and marketing capabilities and buildout of the Sentience platform. In 2018, Honeywell Ventures made 5 investments, including in Soft Robotics, a developer of automation solutions in soft robotic gripping systems that can grasp and manipulate items with the same dexterity of the human hand; and in IoTium, a managed secure network infrastructure platform for the Industrial Internet of Things that primarily serves building technologies and industrial customers. We also completed 2 bolt-on acquisitions totaling roughly $500 million. Ortloff Engineers is a privately held licensor and industry-leading developer of specialized technologies that drive high returns in natural gas processing and sulfur recovery. This complements our existing UOP offering, which allows us to better meet customer needs for high recovery non-gas liquid extraction plants globally.
Transnorm, now part of Safety and Productivity Solutions, is a global leader in high-performance conveyor solutions that are used in diverse end markets such as parcel delivery, e-commerce fulfillment and airports. The acquisition strengthens Honeywell's warehouse automation portfolio and positions the company to support the growing European e-commerce market while broadening Honeywell's connected distribution center and aftermarket offerings.
I'll stop there and turn the call over to Greg, who will discuss our fourth quarter results and 2019 outlook in more detail.

Thanks, Greg. We accomplished a lot in 2018 and expect great things in 2019 as well. We delivered on all our commitments, successfully completed spin-offs ahead of schedule and under budget, while still overdriving on the organic growth, margin expansion, earnings per share and free cash flow targets that we established at the end of 2017. 
There's significant room for continued margin expansion on the path to our long-term target of 23%. This is aided by over $450 million of repositioned fund in 2018, and in prior years, which will drive improvements to our cost structure, supply chain and gross margin in 2019 and beyond.
Our balance sheet capacity is strong, and this will provide another lever to drive outperformance in any macro environment. We're continuing the business transformation through several new initiatives, including Honeywell digital, a unified software business in Honeywell Connected Enterprise and the increased focus on our supply chain. We are excited about 2019 and expect another great year.
With that, Mark, let's move on to Q&A.

Yes. I mean, so first of all, we're very confident about our Aero outlook for 2019. Our bookings have been strong. January has been strong. Yes, the comps do get tougher, and there's some short cycle. And I think as people saw in our outlook for Q1 and what I anticipate will be Q2, we have every bit of confidence that mid-single-digit is hopefully the bottom. But the fact is we don't know the second half of the year, and that's why the numbers are what they are. And potential government shutdowns and budgetary challenges and trade licenses potentially becoming an issue. We hope that doesn't happen. That just reflects sort of external risks. But overall, there's absolutely nothing that I'm concerned about in terms of the bookings, the growth rates, the kind of growth we're seeing in that business. And it's pervasive across all 3 segments, whether they're air transport, BGA or Defense & Space. So I'm very pleased, and it's not a place where I'm going to be losing a lot of sleep in 2019.

Yes. I think it's not so much that I'm -- we're capturing any conservatism in any of the businesses. I think what we have in our guidance going forward is the fact that more than 50% of our business is short cycle. What's different about this year than I think many years in the past is we have many more unknowns, whether it's Brexit, whether it's trade negotiations, specific China-U.S., whether it's fed hikes in terms of what happens, whether it's the government shutdowns, there are just a lot of geopolitical unknowns, more than usual. And for us to express a level of confidence around all these unknowns, around a little bit wider range than we anticipated, I think would be -- would probably indicate a level of knowledge that we currently don't have. Now having said that, and as you can see in our Q1 outlook, we're actually front-end-loaded. And if anything, we're going to be at the upper half of our revenue growth range in the first half of the year. So actually, we're -- provided that all things go as we think they will to the positive side, I think that, hopefully, we'll be raising the bottom of that range as we move further through the year. But there's -- I don't see really any growth issues with any of our businesses, and we expect all of them to grow in 2019.

Yes. Well, John, it's not any one thing. It's probably all of those. I mean, it starts with the portfolio. And we think that based upon what we've done here, we've got a more growth-oriented and less cyclical portfolio. That's certainly part of it. Secondly, which is our tremendous focus on Velocity Product Development, and we're launching a whole new process called Z21, which basically is going to reduce our innovation cycle times in half, deploying more capital to R&D because my strong belief is that part of any growth story there's got to be a strong innovation engine. And that's something that we're trying to create. Continued focus on High Growth Regions, I mean, we're winning in places like China and India. And even though the back half of the year China was a little bit slower, we grew nearly double-digit in China this year. So that continues to be a success story. Our focus on the Commercial Excellence with our sales force is working, where we're getting better productivity out of our sales force, better performance. It's never only one thing. We're working all those levers. And as you can see in the growth rate that we've demonstrated, this is -- granted the markets are pretty good. But certainly, without the self-help that we've administered over the last couple of years, there's no way we would be in that range, both in 2018 and what we're projecting for 2019.

Yes, we've. Yes. No, we have a lot of focus on India. I mean, to give you a perspective for India, our growth in India in Q4 was 27%. So that's tremendous. We have a big footprint there, not just from a business perspective. We have our engineering centers there of over 10,000 people. So we feel very comfortable of our presence there. The opportunity is now to go after the mass mid-market segment, and that's actually one of our core initiatives for 2019 and beyond is just not to play in the top tier, the mid-tier, but actually having a greater level of participation in mid-market segments. So India is definitely one of the economies which we think is going to be a great story for us in 2019 and beyond.

Yes. I would say large, probably not because I think that we're still very much focused on bolt-ons and not the mega deals. So I would say that's the -- that is and will continue to be our focus. We've got a deal done in Q4, which was good. Transnorm was the deal of size, the kind of size we like, that sort of a $0.5 billion capital one to do that. But to be honest on my commentary that the pipeline continues to be good. We're working on a deal that recently fell through just because -- although there's been a little bit of a correction in the market, as we saw particularly in December, that didn't really change expectations of a lot of the sellers. So we continue to struggle with valuations and the expectations, where there's a very pronounced shift up. And it's got to work in our financial model. So we've continued to be very active. The pipeline is good, but I also want to tell you that we're realistic because we're cautious buyers, and we don't like to overpay. So we have to be certain about what we're buying and make sure that it generates the right level of returns for our shareowners.

Yes. No, no. The answer to that is yes, and I would say the -- there is some pinch points on the supply chain emerging, not just in Aerospace. Those are there and prevalent, particularly in areas like casting, et cetera. But we see similar challenges in smart energy and even in some elements of electronic supply chain. So the pinch points on the supply chain are real. They're there. We're working through those and hope to resolve those. Frankly speaking, our results could have been even better had some of those pinch points not been there.

Yes. Just to add to Julian. It like Greg said. I mean, a majority of that business is actually short cycle. Intelligrated's about the only business that isn't short cycle. So based on what we're seeing now and today and our guide for Q1, there's no warning signs for us here. Where we're positioned is just the uncertainty, particularly around the second half of the year.

Yes. No, I like the greater stability. What we saw in Q4 a little bit was a bit of a pause on the order rates just around the volatility of oil. But kind of given the right direction movement, we're much more bullish. But despite that, I just want to quote you a couple of numbers from Q4 on why I'm bullish on PMT for this year. First of all, our HPS order rates were up double digit. Second of all, our UOP backlog is up 8%. So I'm very optimistic around PMT performance for 2019. Probably the one segment that was pretty soft was in our Advanced Materials business, the electronics chemicals, which electronics has been a bit weaker, some of the other companies in that segment announcing. And we saw that in our electronics chemicals business. So that's probably the only sort of minus that we saw in Q4. But overall, both the backlog, the order rates were good. And to be honest, especially in HPS, our global megaprojects, front-log and quote, are really strong. We didn't even book a lot of those orders in Q4, and our orders growth was up double-digit in the quarter. So I feel pretty good about PMT for 2019.

Yes. We're not putting in a middle anymore on the call. You wind up grumpy, Steve. No, the -- look, the -- yes, so the short answer's yes. On Investor Day, we're going to -- there's obviously going to be a segment of that presentation. We're going to give you a lot more detail. But I just want to be very clear that the next phase of the transformation's not just the IoT transformation. That's a very big part of it. But we kind of talked a little bit about this deck about kind of the 3 legs of the stool, which are IoT transformation, Honeywell digital and Honeywell Connected Enterprises. That's sort of the next phase of the evolution of Honeywell. And 1 of those 3 is a business, and the next 2 are going to be ongoing for at least the next 3 to 5 years. So this is going to give us a lot more tailwinds in terms of margins, cash generation, more efficiency working capital, simplifications, better planning, lower capital intensity, a lot of benefits. So we're going to provide a lot more color on that in -- at our Investor Day.

Yes. As you get -- as we kind of get deeper and deeper into the 20s, which we're very comfortable that we're going to do, and you look at our framework that we presented in 2017, I talked about 30 to 50 basis point expansion, as you see from our performance as well as our guide and the top end of the range, it's even greater than that number, these are the kinds of things that enable us to kind of keep growing that margin machine is self-help and these internal initiatives. And the good news is we have plenty of opportunity because we've got a lot of work to do on the supply chain and Honeywell digital. So I view all of that as not bad news, but really a tremendous opportunity to continue to drive margins.

Yes. The short answer's absolutely. Because -- not only because of the continued strength of activity in North America, which just continues to be robust, but now with the Transnorm and our enhanced capability in Europe, both from the beachhead that we've established by acquiring Transnorm, but also because if you recall, we've put a lot of investments back in the '17 and '18 time frame for R&D capability. We have a metrics-based offering. That's complete now, so we're very capable bidding on warehouses, et cetera. So we continue to expect another very robust year in our Intelligrated business.

Yes, yes. I think it's just natural reaction when you see that kind of volatility, like we saw in Q4, that causes people to pause. But we're actually seeing very positive movement here in Q1, so I think that some of those decisions will get made. And we feel confident that when they do get made, we're going to have some positive outcomes for us. And even -- and I was encouraged by our bookings in Q4 because despite not having booked some of those [ GMP ] jobs, we still had a very robust orders growth.

Yes. So maybe -- let me just maybe explain. When I -- when we say, centralized, that means soft of the platform, the IT stack that we call Sentience. That's centralized that all of our connected enterprises use. But then the actual analytics, the solutions that are provided, those are very much vertically oriented. And the way we approach this is essentially each of those businesses and customer-focused business, so whether it's connected aircraft, connected plant, connected buildings, we developed MV0, MV1, which we call single-payment class which has a lot of value driver solutions for end customers. And we typically partner with a few key anchor customers to help us iterate and drive and optimize these solutions. So we're very close to the end customers. As a matter of fact, we've developed a lot of these solutions with the end customers, but we also don't want to drive customization, but rather standardization. So don't think about this as something that sits in corporate, kind of a central level is insular and doesn't work with end customers. That's not the case. What we want to do is have end customer intimacy while driving leverage to the IT stack called Sentience. That's really the core of the spread.

Yes. That's a very good point because -- yes, because what the gist was -- yes, because, Scott, the way this was organized before, it still has sort of core reporting into the SBG presidents and Que, but we gave just a lot more authority and control to Que. Just because when you're running a $10 billion or $12 billion business, and you have something that's a fraction of that, it requires a lot of time, attention, strategy changes, agility. It's tough to manage that.

Yes, the short answer, Scott, is now. We are ready. As a matter of fact, we are quoting globally. And as excited as we are about the North American market, we anticipate being -- securing some jobs both in Asia this year as well as Europe. And we're ready. We've invested from an R&D perspective. The Transnorm acquisition is going to further help, but you should expect us to get some more momentum here on a global level in 2019 and a lot of those solutions are finished.

Yes. As I mentioned, it's -- our China business has been up nearly double digits, just shy of that for the year. So another solid growth year. A bit of a slowing in -- I would say in Q4, but there's some very clear reasons, and we understood that slowing. So we kind of take it segment by segment. If we think about SPS, it was terrific. It was up double-digit growth in China. No slowing. Actually, if anything, things are accelerating. In PMT, we had some tough comps. We understood that and expected that. And we have some big -- both orders and revenue growth, so we expected that. Nothing unusual.

Yes, exactly. So nothing out of the world of expectation. For HBT, as you know, we've had some challenges with the air and water segment. And frankly, some of our distributor partners got a little bit of ahead of themselves, given the robust growth that they saw in '17, and that's been a bit of a challenge for us all year. But we expect that to grow again in 2019, so we think that that's going to be behind us. And then with Aero, we had some, say, collections challenges, which actually limited our shipments because our backlog was actually better than the revenues would indicate. So all in all, we're not building in a tremendous year in China, not kind of the usual Honeywell strong double-digit growth in China, where we think it's going to be a little bit slow. But all of that is reflected in our guide, and we expect to grow in China in 2019 for certain. How much that's going to be, well, we'll see. All in all, I feel pretty good about how the businesses are positioned.

So I think that's a million dollar -- it's a bit of a million-dollar-question, Andrew. I think a lot of that depends, and we might know better answer in the next 30 days, right? I mean, I think we're all watching carefully what happens on the geopolitical sphere and with the broader economy. Because as I said, we're very prepared from a tariff perspective because that's something we can identify and should be able to do something about. What we don't know, and where we have some questions, which is what is going to be the overall economic impact both on the economies of China, the U.S., et cetera? That's -- I think at this juncture, it's rough being a month into the year. It's tough to call, and we'll see what happens.

Yes. I mean, yes, there's some cyclicality. There's also some stability. I mean, we have our Spectra business there, which is doing quite well; our Aclar business, which is acyclical; our electronic materials business, which is more cyclical. So it's a bit of a mixed bag. Probably, we're, given some of the challenges in the electronic segment, probably on the lower end of the curve than we are. But I think like anything, I mean, we're -- we like a lot of those businesses. They perform for us. But as always, we're -- and as we pointed out during our speaker notes today, we're always assessing everything. I think some of the big things that we wanted to do that we didn't think that fit our portfolio we did in 2018. But everything is always under assessment. We're never done, and we always want to kind of add and also subtract potentially. So I don't -- there's no specific update to the SP business. But like I said, we're always assessing, and we're going to do what's -- we're going to make those adjustments as they fit our portfolio.

It's a mixed bag. I mean, there's really a variety of different businesses, and that's why it's kind of tough to talk about sort of any given one trends because you have electronic materials, you have some defense spend. You have health care in there. You have consumer goods. So I mean, you have an entire variety of end markets that there's exposure in specialty products. So it's tough to say what that total blend ends up to, but, yes, there's sort of eclectic mix of various end markets.

No. I mean, if you look at our HPS business, which is probably the best indication of kind of the commercial activity, up double-digit bookings in Q4. So actually very, very strong. That's good. We also want to make sure we capture the service. That's the opportunity. That business is stabilizing. I think Vimal and that team have put the business on the right path. We're seeing good signs. And sort of the secret to the growth there is revitalization of the NPD pipeline. And I see a lot of good things in the various segments, whether it's building products, whether it's fire, whether it's our BMS systems. So we actually expect a pretty good year. And if you take HPS as a leading indicator, that's also been a pretty good sign in Q4. So we're a little bit cautious in the outlook, but given the stability that we have now, and it should be a nice story for us -- a recovery story for us in 2019.

Thank you. Our end markets continue to be strong, and we've got simpler, more focused portfolio following completion of the spins. We continue to execute well, as evidenced by our sales, margin and cash performance. We have significant balance sheet capacity to deploy. We have a strong performance culture. Our say will continue to equal our do, and we're focused on continuing to outperform for our customers, our shareowners and our employees. I continue to be encouraged by what I see in each of our businesses and our people. I'm excited for what I know will be a strong 2019. Thank you for listening.