Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team produced solid results once again in Q3. We generated revenue of $894 million, above consensus estimates. We expanded gross margin to 50.9%, up 20 basis points both sequentially and year-over-year. We delivered record Q3 earnings per share of $1.64, $0.05 better than our guidance. And finally, we continued to deploy our cash to create shareholder value, returning nearly $300 million during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends.
From a market perspective, we are entering the seasonally strong second half while on track for another year of record financial performance. Based on our Q4 outlook, we will end the fiscal year with mid-single-digit revenue growth, greater than a 10% EPS increase and record cash returns, this despite a choppy market backdrop and a government-imposed trade ban on a sizable Chinese customer.
Our confidence is underpinned by our product expansion and reach, spanning premier mobile and broad market accounts. For example, during the quarter, we commence production of access solutions for Cisco; captured content in Linksys new dual-band mesh networks; ramped connectivity engines for Amazon's 4K Fire TV, a leading voice-enabled streaming media platform; partnered with Sierra Wireless on LTE Cat-12 data cards for M2M applications; deployed networking solutions supporting AT&T/DIRECTV gateways; extended our footprint across Nest home automation platforms; enabled LTE telematics at GM and BMW; and we introduced high-precision GPS functionality, improving ridesharing, mobile payment and fleet management services.
We also secured strategic flagship wins at Huawei, Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, LG and Nokia. And in our infrastructure markets, we powered massive MIMO solutions for a leading European base station supplier. In summary, we continue to expand the aperture of our design win pipeline spanning mobile, IoT and a broadening set of diverse end markets. With IoT, the rapid proliferation of volumes represents a significant growth opportunity for Skyworks. Ericsson, for example, estimates that there will be 29 billion connected IoT devices by 2022. And at the same time, 5G is upon us. The dramatically higher speeds and lower latency enabled by 5G will catalyze a wide range of usage cases from the connected factory to the autonomous car to artificial intelligence.
In order to make the leap to 5G, system architectures require significantly more powerful connectivity engines to ensure performance hurdles are overcome. Skyworks is leveraging our deep systems knowledge, strategic partnerships and formidable investments to accelerate the deployment of 5G, with our Sky5 platform providing end-to-end performance across this critically important new spectrum. To that end, we reached key milestones this past quarter, including the launch of our Sky5 antenna tuning portfolio. Our newest 5G solutions deliver enhanced bandwidth coverage from 60 megahertz to 6 gigahertz. This is an enormous and incremental source of content growth for Skyworks as the number of antennas increased substantially across 5G engines.
In addition, last quarter, we successfully demonstrated our proprietary fully integrated Sky5 sub-6 gigahertz engines, supporting new 5G NR radios across frequency bands n77, 78 and 79. Quite simply, Sky5 is enabling new 5G networks and facilitating ubiquitous wireless connectivity for both people and things.
I will now turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our financial outlook.

Thanks, Kris. As our results and outlook demonstrate, Skyworks continues to financially outperform, driven by content-rich design wins covering a number of strategic customers and applications; increasingly strong momentum in broad markets; world-class operational execution and scale; our Sky5 platform enabling the 5G applications of tomorrow; decades of experience in developing innovative solutions over successive technology generations; and finally, superior cash flow performance allowing us to out-invest our competition while providing premium returns to our shareholders.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure. Yes, so Q3, actually, China faired pretty well despite some of the choppiness in the market and the specter of trade dynamics, et cetera, we were able to put up some sequential growth into Q3. And if we look at China for Skyworks, it's about 25% to 30% of revenue. And of course, China for us is mobile, there's infrastructure, there's IoT, there's many parts. It's been a great region for us to play emerging markets, right? A number of our players in China, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, et cetera, they also deliver globally to some of the most emerging places. So while we're interested in that, we benefit from that, should also note that we have a very diverse set of baseband partners that help us deliver in China. So we've got -- within Huawei, we've got their HiSilicon product, we've got partnerships with MediaTek, we attach to Intel, we attach to Qualcomm. So we've got all the bases covered, and our position there is solid.

Sure, yes. So you're saying the third calendar quarter. So the third calendar quarter, we start to see this time of year preparation for some pretty sizable ramps with premier customers. And that work is ongoing. We are very comfortable in our ability to move content up and actually expand the reach of our content. That's even more important. We're bringing more technologies, higher-grade functionality that really lift connectivity, improve data rate, reduce latency, manage some of the more intricate designs on our DRx platforms, bringing in MIMO architecture, just really bringing those rich solutions to our customers. So we're in the very, very early innings of those ramps, again, calendar Q3 and then moving into the calendar Q4 where the numbers should come up again. That's how it's playing out right now. We have very good visibility on this as well.

Sure, sure. Absolutely, Craig. Yes, I mean, fortunately, the cash machine and the Skyworks engine is continuing to do well. The market backdrop is, I believe, very favorable for us. And we understand mobile, there's a lot of great stuff happening there. We're advancing the technology, expanding the reach, as I mentioned, and making some really strategic investments. We also have 5G upon us, which is going to be an incredible opportunity for Skyworks in our ability to do the complex things well. In parallel, we talked about broad markets in double-digits. So there's a lot of really meaty opportunities on the table today with the card business. Having said all that, we're fortunate to have the cash generation, the balance sheet and the powder to do acquisitions when they make sense. So we'll continue to look at that. And we have been looking at it, but we will continue to have a very high bar and a great deal of vigilance on transactions if we go forward. So that's the best way I can frame it for you today, Craig.

Sure, Blayne. Yes, I think if you look at China, as I mentioned, we've been working that region for years and have great partnerships and relationships and some incredible success stories with some of the leading players. So as I mentioned earlier, again, baseband partnership's agnostic. We're able to play all the angles. So as we start to move into extending into 5G where China's going to be a big, big player, there are going to be some new opportunities that are going to require unique filtering, expanding carrier aggregation, much greater focus on downlink data speed -- data rates and speed, which we do well with our DRx. And the other thing is that the ability to solve those problems can be different depending on the supplier, depending on the customers' needs. And what we bring to the table is really that high degree of configurability where we can go in and lever TC SAW, we can lever our DRx, we can lever our homegrown gallium arsenide in our packaging to create really unique solutions, so each customer gets exactly what they want and only what they want. As you know, in China, you have more kind of a proliferation of models rather than 1 or 2 flagships that serve global markets. So the ability to work with each customer and get it right based on their needs is really important. And that's what we intend to do, and I think it gives us a chance to really exceed our numbers here as we get into 2019 and beyond.

Yes, so you're referring to the large customer ramp. Is that right, Blayne? Yes, I think I'll assume that's what it was. Yes, so what we're seeing right now for ramps going through the second half of the calendar year, following a predictable cycle, obviously, there'll be some production that we need to put forth now, which we are doing, to support our larger customers for those ramps. And what we see today just on the outlook and the projections, things seem to be tracking the normal cycle, and we'll be prepared to deliver to that.

Yes. I can't get into too much detail, Harsh. But obviously, it's our mission every cycle to bring a greater level of technology and performance and value to our customers. And I'm confident that, that's happening again here now. With the burden on mobile technology and the requirements continuing to stretch and become more daunting, it's great for Skyworks. We talked about that. We have such a wide set of technologies from Bluetooth to WiFi to LTE, GPS, DRx. All throughout mobile, the ability to create diversification across platforms is a big reason why we're able to raise content every year. And some of the new technology nodes that are upon us now, 5G, et cetera, they're not in the numbers today, but we're working on it now. We've got the blueprints and the prototypes in our labs to move forward there and be positioned for the '19, '20 and beyond ramps in 5G.

Yes, absolutely. That's right.

Yes. You're going -- that's definitely in the cards for us here. But we're not guiding December on this call, right? We're just not able to go out another quarter with you. But we are gaining content. We are seeing our reach of technology expand, as I mentioned. And we do expect a solid sequential into December. We haven't finalized exactly what that number is, but we absolutely expect that to be in place, and it will be up year-over-year as well if we follow through with the solid sequential. So that's the best we can do today, but we feel good about making that happen.

Yes. So what we are seeing in the Chinese OEMs today at face value, the content, vis-à-vis some of the larger players, the larger global players, the China opportunities are just lower in dollar value, they've been increasing. But you may have an LTE product that has $4 to $5 of content that potentially can move to $6 to $7, and we pursue that. If you look at the more significant players that leave the market, the content opportunity is much higher. So if anything, if we could get some of the mid-tier China brands to mimic more the 1 and 2 players in the industry, that would be good for us. And so it's a little bit of a back-and-forth there. And again, in China, they don't often sell a fully global roaming product. So if it's roaming just on China Mobile, China Unicom, for example, it doesn't necessarily need the same frequency bands that a global model would need, so there's differences regionally. But we honestly see the need in every case for performance, and products are selected and customers' decisions are really based on how well the product will perform in their application, not so much on how much does it cost.

Yes, the Qualcomm situation -- look, we respect Qualcomm, they're a great technology player and have been in mobile for a great deal of time. But if we look at the landscape today on programs that we've been pursuing and programs that we're already in, we haven't seen a significant effect. And let me also remind you that there's a number of platforms where our RFs and our other chipsets will line up right next to the Qualcomm baseband, so we do have an ability to be a part of their system with our product. But their fully integrated solutions, we haven't seen too much of that. And none of that really has impacted our revenue growth.

Sure, sure. Yes. Well, we continue to see very rich content opportunities put forth with the leading players in the industry. And that's a theme that's continued for successive generations. And bands can be added as customers want to get more reach with their customer base, so that happens. But the important thing is the more dense you get with technology, the more bands that you bring into an application, bringing in downlink opportunities on DRx and uplink opportunities on SkyOne, now thinking about getting into 2019 and '20 where we have unique 5G opportunities that are not yet resolved, it's going to put a tremendous amount of pressure on systems performance and a great opportunity for those that can deliver. So that's what we're looking at. And with respect to this -- the last quarter here that we just spoke about, or the guidance to Q4, we're very well prepared for it. We certainly had good visibility on the designs that were required to make these numbers happen. And it's about execution right now, and that's what we've been doing for years. So we're looking forward to executing to the ramp and also following up over the next several years as we bring 5G to the market.

Sure, sure. A great question. Well, I mean the work is underway right now. And I'm really proud of our team's ability to get in front of this and become one of the first movers in 5G, and we're thrilled to be in that position. So what we're seeing today is a lot of design activity on both the infrastructure side and also on really kind of the heartbeat of the connectivity within smartphones. We think -- again, you can get different answers, but we see revenue really being posted, probably by 2020, maybe late, late '19. But 2020 is where I think kind of we triangulate around real revenue. Now of course, to get there, there's a lot of development work required. And our teams are working with our customers and baseband providers and very close to the infrastructure side to make sure that all of this great technology comes together efficiently. I'll also note, as Kris mentioned, we're making strategic capital investments that are unique to executing in a 5G world, very complex, very, very complex products that we want to make ourselves. So that's what we're looking at. And again, we've had some trials and some testing with some of our 5G solutions already. Things look good. We're going to continue to refine and, again,, continue to be in position to deliver at scale when these products come to market.

Sure, sure. Actually, I don't want to share the playbook on that technology right now. I think you know us pretty well. We have some very crafty designs that will allow us to address all of the necessary frequency bands in both LTE and 5G. And the work right now is progressing very, very well. And we'll give you more on that soon.

Yes. So we'll try to unravel that the best we can. I mean certainly, we're not seeing -- China is okay, but we're not seeing it as robust as we would have expected. Okay, this is all in the $1 billion number here. We thought that would be a little bit better. It isn't. Some of that is ZTE, which is real, right? We talked about that, $25 million to $30 million a quarter that's out. Samsung hasn't been as strong as other large accounts. They're okay, but we haven't seen the uptick there that we thought we could enjoy. Some of that is really a choice that we've made, in certain cases, to not chase commodity business, and I think that serves us well. And the larger customers in mobile are continuing to advance the technology. And I think all that kind of plays together. And there is a bit of a unit issue, too, that jumps around. And as you all know, that with any customer's product ramp, it doesn't move 100% to 1 device. There's a roll-in, phase in, phaseout. So you always have a combination of new product, prior year model, maybe a year back model. So -- and that's the case with all of our customers. So things don't react in such a binary way. But the content acquisition is what we drive, and I'm pleased with the team's ability to make that happen.

Yes. A lot of that is in these high-performance antenna arrays and base stations, so these are new functions that are required to make 5G work. So you do have kind of a slow roll on infrastructure now with this catalyst to move to 5G and upgrade cycles that will drive 5G. We're also seeing a pretty nice step-up in small cell. Small cell infrastructure, small cell base stations, that can happen. And if you look really long into 5G, we could get into the millimeter wave technology, which we have in-house, and start to see kind of neighborhood-level deployments that will incorporate small cell-like functionality but using millimeter wave technology. That's out there a bit, but all of that is kind of in our strike zone.

Thank you, all. I appreciate your time this afternoon. We look forward to seeing you at conferences going forward.