Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. We are very pleased with our results in 2019. We finished a great year of another strong quarter. In the fourth quarter, we delivered $2.06 adjusted earnings per share, above the high end of the guidance range; 130 basis points of margin expansion; and maybe most importantly, $2.3 billion of adjusted free cash flow, resulting in a fourth quarter conversion of 154%.
With this conclusion to the year, we met or exceeded our financial commitments on all metrics in 2019, managing through a volatile environment and delivering adjusted earnings per share of $8.16, $0.06 above the high end of our initial 2019 guidance. Despite the challenging broad macro environment in 2019, we grew organic sales 5%, driven by strength across -- on much of our portfolio throughout the year. Growth was driven by Commercial Aerospace, Defense, Process Solutions and building products.
We also had strong orders for HPS megaprojects, UOP equipment and Defense and over 100% increase in calibrator orders during the fourth quarter. These robust orders contributed to a 10% year-over-year increase in long-cycle backlog. Additionally, in 2019, Honeywell Connected Enterprise drove double-digit software growth. We expanded segment margin 150 basis points or 70 basis points excluding the impact of the 2018 spin-offs, both 10 basis points above the high end of our 2019 guidance.
Our growth, combined with productivity rigor and commercial excellence, drove margin expansion in Aerospace, Building Technologies and Performance Materials and Technologies. We generated $6.3 billion of adjusted free cash flow for the year, exceeding the high end of our initial guidance by approximately $300 million and resulting in 105% free cash flow conversion or 114% free cash flow conversion, excluding pension income.
We continue to make smart investment in our businesses, people and communities. We deployed $7.8 billion of capital in 2019 across share repurchases, higher dividends, high-return CapEx and 2 acquisitions, including Rebellion Photonics, a provider of innovative, intelligent visual gas monitoring solutions, which we closed in the fourth quarter. This also included over 10 investment by Honeywell Ventures for over $50 million deployed in 2019, bringing our total venture investments to date to over $75 million. We continue to have a robust pipeline of M&A opportunities with significant balance sheet capacity deployed.
We launched a new brand campaign to highlight some of the most exciting innovations, and were ranked #13 on Forbes Magazine's list of the World's Most Reputable Companies for Corporate Responsibility.
Lastly, we continue to make progress in our breakthrough and transformation initiatives, which I'll cover next in more detail.
Let's turn to Slide 3. We continue to make significant progress on 3 key initiatives in support of our transformation to a software-industrial company. In 2019, we commercialized Honeywell Forge enterprise performance management software, which helps companies in a variety of industries gather, gain insights from and ultimately autonomously control their operations to drive efficiency and safety. Honeywell Forge helped drive double-digit Connected Software growth this year.
Additionally, HCE is leading the transition to more recurring revenue models across the company, has delivered key wins and stronger customer relationship throughout 2019 and will continue to drive growth across Honeywell, including a 20% Connected Software growth -- compounded annual growth rate over 5 years.
We also made great strides in our Integrated Supply Chain transformation. We established supply-based management strategy for 11 categories across the enterprise, enabled our businesses to take actions to substantially reduce their distribution and manufacturing footprint; drove improvements in sourcing productivity; and in the fourth quarter, we began seeing broad improvements in our inventory. We are on track to achieve our long-term targets, including $0.5 billion of run rate benefits and a $1 billion reduction in inventory.
On Honeywell Digital, which is foundational to running Honeywell with data-driven decision making, we have matured our data management practices, digitized key processes through the deployment of new technology platforms, rationalized over 500 software applications, cleansed 5.2 million critical master data records, eliminated 20 ERP systems and reduced websites by 58%. When complete, we expect our digital transformation to deliver $0.5 billion of run rate benefits across sales, productivity and working capital improvements.
We are very pleased with the progress we've made with each of our transformation initiatives in 2019, and we'll continue to build on this momentum in 2020 as we transform into a software-industrial.
In summary, we had a terrific 2019, both in our short-term operating performance and longer-term transformation agenda, and we're setting ourselves up for a strong 2020 and beyond.
Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 4 to discuss our fourth quarter results and provide our 2020 outlook.

Thanks, Greg. Overall, we're pleased with the strong operational performance from our portfolio in 2019. We continue to execute on our core priorities and we again delivered on our commitment.
We remain cautious on the macro environment with many factors still very fluid for 2020 and significant uncertainty around short-cycle demand with a balanced portfolio poised for continued performance despite macro headwinds. And we continue to make significant progress on our transformation initiatives, including Honeywell Connected Enterprise, Honeywell Digital and our Integrated Supply Chain.
Additionally, we're bringing innovative and connected offerings to market to fuel growth, which combined with our strong execution track record, positions us well for 2020 and beyond.
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Yes, just to add a couple of things, Steve, and maybe just to add a couple of things on a year-over-year basis. And these are not dramatic impacts. But overall, our cash outlays are going to be slightly higher in 2020 versus 2019 due to restructurings. So that's probably another factor.
I wouldn't get too focused about a baseline of 2020. Obviously, we have some CapEx to spend, which is the driver in our payment cycle. That's an extra one, so that's just the math worked out. So I don't necessarily mean that 2020 now is the baseline.
But I do want to highlight something, and I think it's a point that's been missed completely, which is if you look at the cash flow generation of this company versus what it was 2 years ago, we're about $2 billion higher on 15% to 20% in the last sales growth. I think that point's been just missed completely. And I'm extraordinarily proud of the team in terms of what they've been able to accomplish in terms of the cash generation. After all, that gives us more firepower to actually reinvest in the business or pass back to our shareowners or likely both. And I think that's the thing that really matters.

Yes.

That's exactly it, Steve. We basically -- our energy contracts or performance contracts are primarily driven by the government sector. We've seen a substantial drop off in that segment of the business, and orders that has not been sort of the focus of the government sector lately, and that's been a problem. That's been a significant business for us in the past, and that's dropped off. That's -- the orders there have [ dropped off double digits ]. So that's probably the one problem area that we've seen in terms of orders.
But we're always going to have an issue somewhere. But if we look at our long-cycle orders for the quarter across Honeywell, 15% growth, I don't want to sort of bypass that fact, and a book-to-bill ratio of 1.7. So I think it was an incredibly successful quarter from a long-cycle orders perspective. And just to maybe quote you another fact. A place like China, orders up north of 20% and backlog up nearly 50%. So I viewed this quarter as just an outstanding from Honeywell winning in the marketplace.

Yes, I think it's a gradual improvement. I think I was extraordinarily pleased with what we saw in terms of our inventory management. Inventory has been a bit of a bugaboo for Honeywell for a long time. And we actually made some really nice progress in the second half of the year. Now I don't think there are any miracles for us out there. But I expect that progress to continue, and it was reflected in our cash flow for Q4. And also, we're focused on our delivery, our quality and so on. And Torsten and his team are doing a really nice job driving those improvements, and I expect a gradual improvement year-over-year.
And then transformation. I mean, we dropped our fixed cost footprint in '19. We have an even more aggressive plan for 2020 and 2021. So you're going to kind of continue to see that progress on fixed cost reduction, which obviously makes us a much more variable cost company, which is something that I very much desire.

Yes. I mean, we did do Rebellion in December, which isn't a big acquisition, but a really -- an interesting one, which is basically the use of imaging for advanced gas detection. So it's very much a technology-oriented company in the industrial segment, which fits really, really well with industrial safety, but also fits well with productivity solutions in our HPS business. So we're very thrilled to get that one.
In terms of M&A, we continue to be very active, I can tell you. And the environment we're seeing is, yes, the prices are elevated, but what I can also tell you is that kind of -- because there's so much cash awash and so much capital to deploy, we're seeing very aggressive sort of due diligence and the kind of terms that others are willing to accept. So I think we're assessing that because we're going to continue to be a very cautious company and really study the market. But we also have to kind of look within ourselves in terms of what's risk that's reasonable, what isn't. So it's a very robust M&A marketplace, and we expect to do deals in 2020, certainly.

Yes. And by the way, just to add to that, the IRR in total on these investments, substantially north of 30%. So I mean, if you think about that kind of a return versus M&A, whenever we're going to see those kinds of returns, I'm more than happy to deploy more capital because it's going to make us a better company in the long term. So I think that this increase in capital, I think, should be viewed as a positive, not a negative.

Yes. I mean, I think there, it's the markets. The industrial markets overall have been relatively soft. But we don't think that there's anything sort of unusual going on in that business. It's a reflection of that. I mean, it's not -- obviously, it's a market that's flattish to down. Some of the segments that we play in, we saw that. So this is probably one -- why we have some uncertainty about the short cycle, right? That's one of the tougher businesses to call for us.
We are concerned about what's happening in China around coronavirus and so on. And not just the impact in China, but really the impact on the global industrial production because these are global supply chains. So I think you have to look beyond just China. But we're optimistic that the markets are going to improve, but there isn't inherently something unusual going on in those -- in that business.

Yes. The revenue impact is meaningful. I mean it's -- think about kind of a mid-triple-digit impact for millions of dollars. It's -- obviously, we can -- we think we can offset some of that, both through RMUs and backlog reduction, but it's -- from a revenue perspective, it's not an insignificant. And by the way, we just -- we're completely aligned to the Boeing perspective. So it's -- that's what's reflected in our current outlook.

Yes. Interesting Q4, I mean obviously, China was a highlight, both kind of on the orders, growth rate -- and by the way, China is accelerating for us. So we've seen a higher rate of growth Q2, Q3, Q4. Q4 was even higher. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing there. The orders give us -- so actually, China is one of the really nice stories for us.
The other place to highlight then, and I think I've talked about this before, which is Latin America. I mean, Latin America was also up high single digits. And obviously, we have to be taking a lot of share there given the fact that those economies aren't exactly robust and they're struggling. So I'm very, very pleased with what's happened there.
Middle East continues to be a region of strength for us. We had some tougher comps, but think low to mid single-digit kind of growth rate.
Probably the lowlight for us was Western Europe. That's been kind of soft in Q4. I think the couple of the countries that I'd look to get -- that were particularly soft would be Italy and the Netherlands, which were weak overall.
India was okay in Q4. Frankly, it was a little bit lower than we had hoped, low to mid single-digit kind of growth numbers. There's some -- we have -- that's a country of strength for us, but slightly below expectations. And Russia actually did quite well for us as well in the segments that we play in.
So sort of a mixed story, but the highlight certainly being China both on the actual performance and the bookings growth.

To be clear, I am expecting a return to growth in productivity products. So I think we -- I think we've got our signals across someplace there. And just to give you some very specific data points. The sales out in the channel for productivity products has grown every quarter last year. We've more or less normalized our channel position now by the end of 2019. We actually saw growth in the scanning portfolio in productivity products and we've been able to secure a couple of good wins.
The toughest comp still for productivity products is Q1. We anticipated that. It's not news. But as we get further and further out the year, I do expect growth in productivity products. So -- and I have the data to -- that gives me that confidence. So that's not on a wish and a hope. I have some data points that says that, that's a reasonable outcome to expect, unless of course something goes wrong with the market.
But actually, I'm very pleased with the kind of progress that's been made, the team that we now have in place and the products that we have to the marketplace.

Yes. Well, Jeff, I think we've been pretty consistent in our approach in terms of forecasting and outlooks, which is when I'm not sure of something or myself and Greg are not sure of something, we're going to give you a wider range. And we're not going to promise things that we don't either don't have visibility or can't do.
I would also tell you a couple of other things. I mean there are quite a few unknowns. I mean, the coronavirus right now, as an example, is something that's very difficult for us to predict around the impact. I mean if things go back and our factories reopen Monday or a week from Monday, which is kind of the schedule, well then maybe it's conservative. What if they don't? What if this continues to spread? What if it gets worse? That impact could be substantially worse than what we're expecting.
The short cycle is a little bit unpredictable. We talked -- there was a prior question, industrial safety. It's tough to call that right now. As I look at a lot -- the reports from a lot of the shorter cycle-oriented peers, they exactly have not been stellar. I mean, so we're trying to call it, I don't know about conservatively. We don't know, and -- we don't know that much about short-cycle right now. We're going to kind of err on certainly a little bit wider range and we'll see what happens. And obviously, like we do every year, as the year progresses, we'll update you, and we'll refresh our guidance.
I'm very happy with our long cycle. I mean, a 10% growth in the backlog is very good. So that gives me some confidence. And we'll see how the year progresses.

No, it's -- some of it is beyond 2020. I mean we sort of expect a normal conversion cycle. I mean it's -- for example, some of the Intelligrated backlog, this goes all the way into 20 -- yes...

Yes, 15, 18 months. So it's a longer cycle. But nevertheless, I mean, it's -- the makeup of it isn't dramatically different in terms of execution versus end of 2018. So it kind of looks the same. It's always more than 1 year. So it's not inconsistent with what we've seen in the past.

Yes. Well, I think for us, it's probably 3 main components of strength. By the way, HPS had a terrific quarter, double-digit orders growth. The business is doing incredibly well. We're thrilled with their performance. But specifically, LNG is coming through, some of the mega-refining, petrochemical complex is another place of growth. And we're starting to do a bit more in the renewable segment. That's actually one of the focus areas for PMT in general, and we're seeing some improved activity for -- in renewables. So I would highlight those 3 as areas where we're seeing growth, with a terrific bookings and orders outlook, in Q4.

I want to thank our shareowners for a continued support of Honeywell. We remain focused on continuing to outperform for our shareowners, our customers and our employees.
We have delivered on our commitment of strong results each quarter and continue to make great progress on our growth and transformation initiatives. We have a great portfolio, and we continue to execute well.
I'm excited for 2020, and we expect another high-performance year for Honeywell.
Thank you all for listening, and have a great weekend.