Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. First off, our collective thoughts are to millions of Ukrainian refugees. And we hope to see a peaceful resolution quickly. Our #1 priority continues to be the safety and security of our employees and partners in the region and respond to their immediate needs. 
That said, we delivered a very strong first quarter despite a challenging backdrop that included ongoing supply chain constraints, inflation headwinds and global unrest. I'm pleased with our disciplined execution as we navigate these dynamics and capitalize on the ongoing recovery in our end markets. 
We met or exceeded our first quarter commitments despite these challenges with adjusted earnings per share of $1.91, down 1% year-over-year, about $0.01 above the high end of our guidance range. Organic sales grew by 1% year-over-year. And our Commercial Aviation Aftermarket, building products, Productivity Solutions and Services, Advanced Materials and recurring Connected Software businesses all delivered double-digit organic growth. This was partially offset by 2 percentage point impact from lower COVID-related mask sales as we lapped the height of the demand in 2021. 
Our strong price realization allowed us to stay ahead of the inflation curve. We expanded segment margin by 10 basis points year-over-year, 10 basis points above the high end of our guidance range. Excluding the impact of our investment in Quantinuum, the margin expansion rate would have been 40 basis points year-over-year. Orders and backlog growth accelerated in the first quarter, indicating strong demand momentum despite macro headwinds. Led by strength in Aero, HBT and PMT, our end markets continued to recover. We'll go into more details on orders and backlog trends on the next slide. 
The first quarter is seasonally our lowest from a cash perspective. And as we communicated, this year, it is being exacerbated by the supply chain impacts and strong collections in Q4. We generated $50 million of free cash flow in the quarter. These results do not change our full year free cash flow guidance range of $4.7 billion to $5.1 billion, which Greg will discuss later. 
We continue to leverage our strong balance sheet, deploying $2 billion of total capital in the first quarter, including $1 billion allocated to share repurchases as we began execution of our recently updated commitment to buy back $4 billion in shares in 2022. 
From an M&A perspective, we closed the acquisition of US Digital Designs, a public safety communications hardware and software solutions provider. Looking forward, I continue to be encouraged by the strength we are seeing in many areas of our portfolio as we execute our rigorous and proven value-creation framework. Our Accelerator operating system is driving outstanding shareholder value. 
Now let me turn to Slide 3 to discuss our orders and backlog trends. First quarter orders across Honeywell grew 13%, the strongest growth we have since the start of 2021 with the exception of second Q '21 growth, which benefited from 2020 COVID-related lows. Despite ongoing macro challenges over the last few years, our book-to-bill ratio has been greater than 1 for the last several quarters, indicating the strength of our demand and commercial success. 
Long cycle orders grew over 20% in the first quarter, led by strength in the overall Aerospace portfolio, PMT process solutions projects and SPS warehouse automation to help facilitate sustained growth through the coming years. First quarter backlog increased 9% year-over-year to $28.5 billion, or up 10%, excluding the impact of approximately $300 million of backlog we moved due to the Russia conflict. Backlog growth has also been accelerating consistently over the last 2 years as our end markets recover, giving us confidence in increased sales growth as the supply chain environment eases. 
Now let's turn to Slide 4 to discuss some exciting recent announcements. Last month, we announced a strategic collaboration with OTTO Motors, a division of ClearPath Robotics, that gives warehouse and distribution centers throughout North America an automated option to handle some of the most labor-intensive roles in an increasingly scarce job market. The collaboration enables Honeywell customers to increase efficiency, reduce errors and improve safety by deploying to OTTO's autonomous mobile robots in their facilities. These autonomous mobile robots handle repetitive and often time-consuming tasks and allows scarce labor resources to be shifted to higher-value jobs. This helps boost worker satisfaction while reducing injuries and turnover rates. The pandemic and its lasting effects on labor shortages is causing companies to reconsider the way they operate. And companies are more willing than ever to invest in automation. 
We also recently announced that we will supply Hecate Energy with an Energy Storage System for a solar park located in northern New Mexico. When completed in mid-2022, the 50-megawatt solar farm will be capable of supplying enough electricity to power up to 16,000 average New Mexico homes, which will help meet the state's decarbonization goals. When combining with Honeywell's Experion Energy Control Systems, the Energy Storage Systems will enable customers to accurately forecast and optimize energy cost at the site and will support access to reliable and cost-effective clean energy. Honeywell remains on the forefront of innovation that is leading the energy transition. Energy storage will be a play -- will play a critical role in renewable power generation and will be vital to the decarbonization of global power systems. 
Lastly, we are teaming up with World Energy, a carbon net zero solution provider, and Air Products, the world's largest hydrogen producer, to build one of the most technologically advanced Sustainable Aviation Fuel production and distribution sites ever constructed. The facility will produce fuels that will displace over 76 million metric tons of carbon dioxide by 2050, the equivalent of 3.8 million carbon net zero flights from L.A. to New York. World Energy and Honeywell collaborated over the past 9 years. And this long-term engagement will continue to transform the industry, support the growth of zero carbon economy and help accelerate the decarbonization of the aviation industry. 
These exciting announcements reinforce our message at Investor Day that our innovative culture, our commitment to providing efficient and sustainable solutions to meet the needs of our customers and our new technologies will be integral to the next leg of growth. Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 5 to discuss our first quarter results in more detail and to provide an update on our 2022 outlook.

Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 7 and talk about the more aspirational approach we're taking to our ESG commitments. ESG has been part of Honeywell's DNA for decades. And we have an established track record of success in this area. 
Since we stood up our sustainability program in 2004, we've achieved every one of the ambitious targets we have set for ourselves, reduced our greenhouse gas emissions intensity by approximately 90% while spending over $4 billion on remediation projects to restore thousands of acres of land for our communities. While we're thrilled in the successes we have had in the past, we believe we still have much to accomplish in the future. We're currently on track to deliver on our 10-10-10 target set in 2019, further reducing our greenhouse gas emissions while deploying renewable energy projects and improving energy efficiencies at our sites. 
In addition, last year, we committed to achieving carbon-neutral facilities in operations by 2035, a full 15 years earlier than the Paris Climate Accords. While these targets are successful in reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, we didn't stop there. Earlier this year, we submitted a commitment to the Science Based Targets initiative to address our Scope 3 emissions across our value chain. Lowering the environmental footprint of our products, we continue to innovate with products and services that help our customers reduce their own emissions. 
In addition to our ambitious sustainability targets, we've also enhanced our ESG disclosures with additional metrics on our Investor Relations website. These include an ESG data sheet that has metrics for diversity, water, greenhouse gas and more, a defense and space factsheet that includes more detailed information on our sales makeup and a document that breaks down Honeywell's many ESG-oriented offerings, which compromise (sic) [comprise] more than 60% of our revenue today. 
Now let's turn to Slide 8 for some closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. As always, our value-creation framework helped us successfully navigate the quarter and over-deliver on our commitments. Most of our end markets will continue to recover, and we are optimistic about our future. Despite the ongoing geopolitical challenges, including approximately $400 million of lost Russian sales, we raised the midpoint of our full year sales range and increased our earnings per share expectations. 
Our value-creation framework is working. With the ongoing recovery of our end market, we remain optimistic about the future of our business. While there is a heightened level of macro uncertainty at present, we remain confident in our ability to execute on the pieces within our control. 
With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.

I think, Julian, that's really impossible to quantify. I mean, what we're assuming in our guidance range for Q2 is that essentially things come back to kind of normal state in May. That's the best data we currently have. If you think about our 20 manufacturing facilities that we have in China, about half of them are operating more or less normally and the other half are kind of impaired, to some extent, by either supply chain challenges inbound and/or the operation itself. But we do expect that to improve in May and get back to normal with normal production certainly in June with a steady improvement in May. And to quantify that right now would be impossible. But that underpins our guidance for Q2.

And as Greg pointed out, timing does matter. I mean, we expected a slightly softer April due to the outages. And with these outages kind of happen in month 1, we have time to recover. We get outages in month 3, it's going to be a much bigger problem. And frankly, we're not anticipating that. We're anticipating a recovery.

Yes. I mean, let me maybe start on the second of your two questions. So in terms of defense and space, our orders in Q1 were actually quite good. They were double-digit orders growth in defense and space. But I wouldn't tell you that we're seeing a big uptick yet due to some of the geopolitical situation. But we do think it could happen. But we're not going to call it that it's going to happen until we see it. 
So the orders growth in Q1, although good, is not really tied to any of the geopolitical situation. And particularly in HPS, we saw good orders growth in Q1. We actually anticipate some strong orders in UOP particularly tied to some of our gas portfolio. So that looks good. So that's sort of your second question. Greg...

And just to add to that, I mean, if you take a look at our backlog, which you've just provided, commercial activity is not our issue. I think commercial activity is about as strong as we've ever seen it. You see the improving backlog positions, orders positions. And I think this is all about supply chain. And there's still unknowns around supply chain. 
I think on the semiconductor side, we probably have seen the bottom. But I would tell you the aerospace supply chain is still challenged. And our de-commit rate from our suppliers is high. And that's why it's so hard to call this thing because when you get a pretty high de-commit rate, it's difficult to call exactly what that's going to look like in Q2, Q3 and Q4. So we remain optimistic that it's going to continue to improve. But we've got to kind of see it in the numbers.

Yes. I mean, I think it's a couple of things. So I would characterize it the following. And we don't release specific numbers to that project. But think about it as two dimensions. The first one is licensing and the technology itself, which can be recognized in one or two different ways, either an upfront paid-up license or a license that's recognized as a royalty rate as SAF is produced. And then the second stream being the use of the catalyst itself to actually drive that SAF conversion. So this is not the only project that we're going to be involved with. 
When we look at SAF and green fuels, we've won something like a double-digit number of projects in the last, call it, 6 to 9 months as we've been on an incredible run. It's just one example of what we do. 
At some point, we're going to give you a bit of a framework. We're not ready to share that yet in terms of exactly what it looks like. But it's going to be definitely margin-accretive. And you should think about it, very much like you said, as a recurring revenue base based on the catalyst reloads, which are going to be required to drive either SAF or green fuels and green gasoline.

Yes. No, see, now we are ongoing working our price. I mean, we basically are bumping up, sort of, the benefit of price by 1 percentage point. I think the one thing that, Scott, that I think you picked up, I mean, essentially in this guide, it is a substantial raise to our guide range. I mean, we didn't explicitly say that, but it's obvious. Because we're basically absorbing a $400 million hit due to Russia with commensurate margin rate of over $100 million. So this is a fairly significant raise to our outlook. The way we can overcome that hit is through price. And we think now we're basically projecting an incremental point of price to a range of 5% or so.

Yes. And because we started doing this price increase a bit more aggressively in Q4 and Q1, obviously, as we get later in the year, that starts to lap itself. Although I will tell you that we're going to stay on top of this thing, and we're continuing to chase inflation and trying to stay ahead. And obviously, we have to do more price increases here in Q2 to continue to stay ahead of it.

Yes. No, I mean, I think as you saw in the quarter, we had very good order rates, I mean, double-digit, north of 20% order rates in HPS. UOP was a little lumpy. Frankly, our LST business was strong. Our UPT was a little bit less so. We expect a strong booking quarter in Q2 with UOP. Overall, particularly for UOP, we see strong orders growth, particularly as it relates to our natural gas-oriented portfolio. 
So think about absorbents, gas processing, midstream, LNG terminals and all that business, it's -- we're a big partner of Venture Global to some of the projects that they're completing and their expansion. So overall, we're very bullish in terms of what's going on, particularly as it relates to the gas infrastructure that's currently being built up both in North America, the Middle East and Europe.

Yes. UOP gets disproportionately -- I talked about the 1% hit for our revenues for the year. That's disproportionately UOP-related. And you saw that already in Q1. So that's just to help that frame it up. As it relates to your second question, I mean, essentially, in terms of Russia oil, I mean, simplistically said, instead of flowing west, we think it's going to start flowing south. 
And I think the good news about us is that we have a global presence across the West and the South. And I think that benefits obviously a lot of our PMT businesses. And as I mentioned earlier, kind of the gas infrastructure build-out in Western Europe, which will take place both in Western Europe but also in the Middle East and in the U.S., will also have positive benefit to our business. So all in all, I mean, I think we're well positioned there.

I mean, that's hard to answer right now. I think we're still kind of weeks into this conflict, so we'll see. I mean, we're obviously involved in a lot of the discussions of the new projects and so on, but -- and I'm very, very confident that any of the build-out that's going to take place, particularly of our modular design concepts, which really revolutionized LNG, I'm quite confident that we're going to be a player in that space.

Yes. I mean, let me start. I mean, if you think about price/cost, the price inflation, think about a 7% and 5% number, in that kind of neighborhood. I mean, we -- this is really the benefit of Honeywell Digital. We talked a lot about that at Investor Day. But I now can tell you exactly on the impact of price/cost for every of our 37 business units and exactly what it's going to look like going forward for the next 3 quarters. And I can tell you that in bps. It's really enabled us to establish an operating system, where we know what we need to do in terms of price. We know what we do in terms of coverage and where that business unit will be. And it's a weekly rhythm that we're on with all the businesses. 
As a matter of fact, we've got a meeting later on today to talk about that topic, and we continue to stay on top of it. But it's not as simple in some businesses than others. I mean, some businesses, we have contractual obligations, contractual limitations in terms of what we can pass on and when. And we're finding ways to be -- to do that. I mean, everybody knows that inflation is with us. It's probably going to continue to be with us. We're going to stay diligent, and we're very pleased with our results and able to stay ahead of the price/cost equation. Do you have anything you want to add?

Yes. I mean, there's -- yes, there's a lot of variables here. Let me try to unpack it a little bit. I mean, HBT and SPS, the supply chain is complex due to the variety installed base of our products. It is somewhat contained primarily to the semiconductors. And when you think about semiconductors, you're talking about the 5 to 10 core suppliers that we're monitoring. 
So it's actually a little bit easier for us to get our arms around the situation and know when things will come in, when they won't come in. And we're cautiously optimistic about an improving supply source coming through for Q2, Q3 and Q4. And frankly, looking into Q2 from the beginning vis-à-vis Q1 or Q4, we actually looked a little bit better than we did in the other quarter. So we have reason to be cautiously optimistic, provided we don't get de-commits on semiconductors. 
Now when you get into the Aero segment, it actually becomes a bit more challenged. And to give you some very specific numbers, our level of de-commits, which is sort of last-minute cancellations or pushouts, was at a level of 22%. I mean, that's what makes it so difficult. It was actually worse than in Q4, where it was about 19%. We're counting on some improvement in Q2 and Q3 and Q4. But now you're not talking about less than 10 suppliers, you're talking about tens, if not hundreds, of suppliers. And trying to really figure out exactly how well they're going to deliver and when becomes more challenging. 
Obviously, we've deployed our own people, our resources to that supply base to help them through some of their capacity challenges. We've got a program around that. But it is challenged. And I can't tell you that we have a full and perfect view as to exactly what's going to happen. We're working through it. And as you can see, we certainly have the backlog more than to support the business. And we're not just watching. We're actually doing and we've got a substantial force of people to just work there at aero supply chain.

Yes. I mean, that target keeps moving. But we think in the -- certainly in the first half of May, we expect some ease-off in terms of the Shanghai lockdowns. That's what we've built into our guidance, if you will.

Yes. And to be -- just a couple of other things here. I mean, yes, I mean, as Greg pointed out, wide-body travel has been so constrained and limited. And that's still upside to go for us, given particularly our installed base on those aircraft. But the fact is if you look at our backlog position, we're in tremendous shape in Aerospace. 
And probably, the biggest issues we see is in defense and space, where we have a growing past-due backlog at a faster rate than even some of the other segments. So really, we don't -- we're not that worried about the commercial inbound. And we saw just an incredible order rate, strong double-digit order rate in Q1. All our focus is really on output in the supply chain. We get that going, I think, very, very good, very, very quickly because...

Well, because we're really not seeing a lot of new orders yet to some of the geopolitical conflicts to replenish the inventories. I mean, I think -- and by the way, checking with some of the other OEs, that's not necessarily unusual so that could be an uptick. When we talked about at Investor Day, there was some built-in optimism around that coming in. And I still think it will happen. I'm just not going to call it yet until we actually see the orders coming through. 
Having said that, we did see double-digit orders growth in defense and space in Q1 just naturally without the addition of plus-ups in the defense budget. So I think it could still be at that level. I'm just not going to call that until we actually see it more pronounced in our orders rate. And I'm still optimistic that it will happen.

You just nailed it, Andy. Yes, that's exactly -- you've got it exactly right, which is as we look in -- because we look at short cycle and longer cycle. And you see now a little bit of a transition from it's slow because short cycle is still very good for us, but now we're starting to slowly see that long cycle coming through. You see it in our backlog. You see it in our order rates. And now it's the time of the cycle where the long-cycle businesses will start to have a bit more traction. And a lot of people are saying there may or there may not be a recession in the next 6 to 12 to 18 months. But I certainly hope it doesn't happen. 
But if it does, I actually think that Honeywell can weather the storm quite well, given the kind of backlog position in the markets we're in, which is energy and aerospace, which, frankly, have been hurt disproportionally hard during the pandemic and now are starting to come back strong. So I'm very, very optimistic about kind of the position, the backlog we're in. And I think you said it exactly right, we're seeing kind of a transition occurring slowly but surely. And it's not because our short cycle is weak, but the long cycle is now starting to slowly pick up.

I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered strong first quarter results in a typical Honeywell fashion and have and will continue to navigate the numerous uncertainties with operational rigor and agility in order to drive superior shareholder returns. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.