Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. The Skyworks team delivered solid profitability and strong cash flow in Q4 and throughout the fiscal year, demonstrating our technology leadership and the resilience of our business model, despite a challenging end market. 
During the fourth fiscal quarter, we grew revenue 8% sequentially. And excluding Huawei, revenue was up 20% sequentially. We produced gross margin of 50.3% and operating margin of 34%. We posted earnings per share of $1.52, ahead of our guidance and up 13% sequentially, and we generated exceptional operating cash flow totaling $417 million. 
For the 2019 fiscal year, we delivered revenue of $3.4 billion, earnings per share of $6.17 and operating cash flow of $1.4 billion. We generated free cash flow of nearly $1 billion, up 16% from the prior year, representing a free cash flow margin of 29%, approaching our model target of 30%. And we returned nearly $1 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. 
At a higher level, the 5G upgrade cycle is now fully underway, expanding across 4 continents with over 80 carriers and an expanding set of smartphone and IoT customers. We expect a substantial upgrade cycle as the 5 billion mobile subscribers today migrate from their 3 and 4G devices to 5G, creating a significant opportunity for Skyworks. Stakeholders are now seeing the compelling economics that this substantial technology inflection brings with the momentum building into 2020 and beyond. 
As we've said in previous calls, 5G is a technology, not a product. It offers gigabit speeds, ultra-low latency and greatly enhance network capacity, catalyzing a wide set of usage cases while becoming the universal connector. Although the smartphone will lead the transition to 5G, we see an even more compelling opportunity in new markets and applications, including industrial IoT, autonomous transport, smart cities, artificial intelligence and the proliferation of high-definition streaming media. More importantly, highly integrated connectivity engines will play a pivotal role in the deployment of this next-generation standard by resolving the daunting analog and RF complexities that challenge the capabilities of existing hardware and networks. 
Skyworks is squarely at the forefront of this sea change in connectivity. We have a rich heritage in the design and execution of highly integrated and customizable system solutions, earning the trust of market leaders as they cross the chasm from 4G to 5G. Our operational footprint goes far beyond units and scale. It is centered on unique strategic technologies crafted in our own fabs while creating sustainable competitive advantage. 
Our technology strength is fortified by world-class performance and scale across a broad array of capabilities, including TC SAW and bulk acoustic wave filters, an expanded family of MIMO solutions and ultra-high band and diversity receive modules. Our highly customized system solutions support a broad set of wireless protocols, including GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, LoRa, ZigBee, and of course, 4G and 5G. From our breakthrough SkyOne -- Sky5 uniforming platform, our 5G small cell solutions, Skyworks' comprehensive approach across both infrastructure and user equipment facilitates powerful, high-speed, end-to-end connectivity. 
Now in our mobile business, traction in 5G is accelerating, with design wins at leading OEMs leveraging our broad and growing set of platforms. Our solutions are purpose-built to offer interoperability and customization across all baseband suppliers, including Qualcomm, MediaTek, Samsung LSI and HiSilicon. And with the successful launch and expanding capabilities of our BAW filter portfolio, we are positioned to extend our reach across a broader spectrum of 4 and 5G bands. 
Moving to the Internet of Things. We are ramping more than 10 new LTE-based design wins supporting Tier 1 automotive customers; we are powering Sonos' first all-in-one indoor/outdoor portable smart speakers; delivering LTE-powered IoT engines to Sierra Wireless for their industrial and transportation gateways; enabling a range of wearable devices, leveraging our GPS, WiFi and cellular connectivity engines; expanding our reach into high-performance audio with the introduction of our cognitive chipsets; and we are executing on the launch of our Wi-Fi 6 platforms, expanding our customer set with leaders, including Amazon, ARRIS, AT&T, Juniper, Linksys and NetGear. 
Now moving to the infrastructure markets. Skyworks is leveraging its vast capability in gallium arsenide, BAW technology and ceramics to support strategic customers as they deploy their 5G networks. 5G infrastructure requires new technologies and capabilities, which drive the need for a unique set of complex solutions. For example, massive MIMO increases RF content up to 8x per base station with new antenna systems utilizing multiple channels and beam steering to deliver gigabit speeds. As a company, we remain focused on driving diversification across high-value markets while our customer set continues to expand and is now numbered in thousands. In addition, we are gaining momentum in new verticals, enabling wins with automotive leaders like Continental, Audi and BMW, along with industrial players including Honeywell, Siemens, GE, Philips and Rockwell. 
So in summary, Skyworks has strategic partnerships with the leading smartphone and IoT providers, along with a burgeoning set of entirely new customers enabled by the capabilities of 5G; differentiated system solutions with unmatched levels of integration and performance; focused in strategic investments, expanding our product portfolio, IP and scale; and finally, a predictable business model that yields premium profitability and strong cash flow. The strength of our design win pipeline, coupled with our experience across multiple technology generations, position us well to convert these market opportunities into sustainable growth. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of our Q4 and fiscal year performance as well as our outlook for Q1.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks continues to deliver consistently solid profitability while generating strong cash flow. Looking ahead, our market-leading solutions are at the forefront of the next major cycle in connectivity. However, unlike the prior 3G and 4G upgrades, which were largely paced by smartphone units, we see 5G as a transformational technology that will impact, disrupt and fuel a connected economy that we have not yet seen or comprehended in our markets today. 
We address this opportunity with a proven culture of success, driven by a talented team, deep customer relationships, strategic investments and global scale, positioning us to succeed at this very important stage of technology inflection while executing the financial discipline to ensure shareholder value. That concludes our prepared remarks. 
Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure. Well, 5G, of course, is going to impact multiple markets, multiple customers and the timing of that can be different depending on the geography and the specific OEM. We are 100% engaged with all the leading players. We have a really significant opportunity to gain content. We're rolling that out now. The reach of our portfolio continues to expand. And we have some really significant customers that are in production now. And we also have some really big customers that are going to be launching next year. So we're in great shape. We're demonstrating the capabilities that we've discussed in prior calls. I will tell you that the 5G implementation is incredibly powerful for the consumer but very challenging for the OEM. And our job is to get in there and do the hard work with our customers and deliver the right kind of technology to make their systems work, and that's what we're doing.

Yes. No, that's a great question. So the infrastructure side of 5G is still a little bit behind schedule. So we are seeing some great adoption with the handset players, and they'll be ready to roll. But infrastructure has been a little bit slow. We've made some great progress, specifically with Nokia and with Ericsson. On Nokia's platforms, we've got opportunities that are measured in the $10 to $15 per base station, significant opportunity. We're looking at antenna arrays that are very rich, high content, complex, high margin, going to be pivotal to that. And they use a lot of unique technologies that we also bring to market, including some ceramic technologies and other filtering technologies as well as our gallium arsenide expertise. So we do have a great hand in the infrastructure side that we're working adjacent to what we see in the mobile phone.

Sure. Great question. So just to start, some of the reductions in OpEx were more around 2G, 3G products and legacy devices and moving R&D resources to higher-end platforms, like Sky5 and the 5G rollout. So that's one part of it. We are addressing all the customers and working across our market to deliver the right technology. Also note when you mentioned CapEx, one of the things that we do at Skyworks is we craft our technology and build it in-house. We don't -- we very rarely outsource. We do it in-house. We have incredible capabilities to customize a wide range of TC SAW products -- TC SAW-based products with that filter inside and also our bulk acoustic wave portfolio. So the CapEx that we have is actually strategic technology investments. These are not filters that we could buy in the open market. They're filters that we craft and customize and work customer-by-customer to implement. So it's a very different business dynamic and business model than some of our peers.

Yes. We don't -- we're not going to guide mix to 5G. But I will tell you that we are at the forefront. As we stated in the prepared remarks, we're at the forefront of this inflection, without question. And it's difficult to handicap how many units. But I will tell you, there's a lot of units coming. There's a lot of complexity on the table. Everyone's going to come to market with a different play, but it's a great opportunity for this industry. It really is. And what we love about our company is the flexibility that we have and the tools that we have to put together configurations with every customer. And let me also say that we are basically technology-agnostic or baseband-agnostic. We will sell with a Qualcomm baseband. We'll work with a MediaTek platform. We have incredible content there. We'll work with Samsung LSI. And if conditions change with Huawei, we'll work with HiSilicon. 
So we have the tools and technology. We've been investing in this for years. When we talk about decades of technology, it's real. We've been through 2G, 3G, 4G. We know how hard it is in 5G, but it's a great opportunity. So we're going to see an increasing level of revenue in 5G and it will not just be smartphone. It will be smartphone with IoT, it will be enterprise, it will be factory automation and some incredible new avenues that we haven't even explored yet. So there's a lot coming and the business is ready to go. We've made great investments in capacity and the right technologies and we're positioned for growth.

Sure. Yes. Well, millimeter wave is an interesting technology and does -- can offer some pretty compelling attributes around speed and performance. The challenge with it though is it has some technical roadblocks, right? You need to have some very complex beam steering to implement this. There's some line-of-sight limitations. There's some cost limitations to it. And what we're seeing is some of our handset partners are just not ready right now to engage in that technology and opting for sub-6 gigahertz 5G technologies, where the market is pretty rich and the opportunity is pretty rich. 
So I think there's a possibility for millimeter wave to play a role in this industry in high-capacity environments, sporting events, college campuses, where there's a great deal of density. There could be an opportunity for that. But right now, it's kind of still on the cusp of whether the adoption will take place or not. Meanwhile, we're hedging our bets. We're investing in the technology. We do a lot of our work internally, as I mentioned, with a gallium arsenide in filtering, so we know what the roadmap looks like to be a player in millimeter wave. But we're going to take our time as we progress.

Sure. Yes, I mean there should really be no difference between the peer group on what the units are going to be, right? So we can all handicap that. I think the issue and the opportunity, Blayne, is what we do, how do we execute and what kind of content can we gain in this industry. That's kind of more to the point for us. So a couple of things. If you look at the company year-over-year, we've done incredible enhancements in our TC SAW capability and rounding out low-band PAD and DRx across the board, which is great. But we've also uplifted the technology with bulk acoustic wave. We're already delivering ultra-high band solutions right now that are very compelling, and our customers love them. We're moving in the mid- and high-band also with accounts. 
And then you have just an incredible inflection in infrastructure that we talked about. And then further on, we'll start to see the 5G opportunity really penetrate multi-markets, automotive, machine-to-machine applications. We talked a little bit about that enterprise, a lot of really cool stuff that we're talking to customers about. And some of that may be later into '20 -- late 2020 into '21. But there's a really significant tail on that. But in the meantime, all the companies that you named and all the OEMs that are on the table, we are deeply engaged and we have been for quite a while and feeling really good about where this is moving.

Yes. And Blayne, let me add a couple of other interesting points here. In addition to kind of the run rate opportunities in broad markets, we've really been focused on cost, what I call, customer acquisition, going out there and finding new accounts that we can populate with our technology. And we've made some really good progress. Design wins now with Honeywell, design wins with Ford, design wins with Continental, Rockwell, Siemens. We have some other great accounts that we can't talk about yet that are on the cusp. So we're really happy with the ability to run broad markets in a diversified way but also capture significant customers that just haven't been part of the Skyworks family, right, because we haven't been selling to these guys. And with the technology inflection in 5G and the need for these companies to go to a wireless engine, it's a great chance for us to do our work. So there's some other cool things happening in broad markets that really weren't on the table a year or 2 ago.

Yes. I think the -- as you know, I mean the opportunity is very, very strong right now. And the indications we have with the customers we've been working with are powerful. And the complexity is way up. And some of the points that you just made about owning our facilities is a big deal. It's a big deal. We could have gone outside to do that and had a lower-performing engine. But it's not the way we want to go. So there's a lot of complexity right now. There's a customer engagement with us. We're always reaching into our accounts, but they're coming into us, too. So it's a difficult transition to make technically, but it has incredible benefits. And so we saw a lot of great action in the last quarter, a lot of action in design wins, lots of discussions, lots of visits to our sites from our leading customers to go in and really kick the tires in some of the things that we're working on. And those customers are walking away with confidence. 
So we think this is going to be a very significant -- this is more than a mobile inflection. This is a technology shift that's going to disrupt the markets that we all play in here, right? So I think there's some great stuff going on. And we'll start to see more and more customers evolve, classic mobile customers but then kind of that second wave into IoT, enterprise, et cetera, where there's just a long tail of opportunity. So we feel good about it. I feel that the design win activity in the last 6 months or so has really accelerated the sampling activity across a whole set of OEMs, also some really good work with baseband partners. We've done some exceptional work with MediaTek, for example, transitioning from a strong position in Phase 6, now shifting to Phase 7, which is all 5G, launching the higher -- at the higher-frequency bands with BAW. So it's a compelling time right now for Skyworks to execute. We're not opportunity-constrained. It's about getting out there and helping our customers win.

Yes. And I will add one thing to that comment. I think that if you look at 5G and the complexity of 5G and the types of unique systems and engines that are being deployed, the margins there are going to be higher. I think there's going to be fewer players in the industry that can execute to the level that our customers need to be successful. So I think you've got a case where the 5G inflection and the power of that connection and the value that, that's providing is going to translate to better gross margins. It's just the way that's going to run. Now working within our factories is going to make it even easier for us. But there's going to be, and there should be for us, meaningful margin move with the rollout of 5G as we get a higher level of concentration there.

Sure, Craig. Yes. So we actually, right now today, have been shipping in high volume on an ultra-high band PAD that includes our BAW device. And that's running at about 3.3 gig, Craig. So we're looking at high-frequency, high-band devices. We're sampling more than 10 customers with our bulk acoustic wave technology across a broad set of frequencies and spectrum. And we've had strategic customers come and test our mettle and they like what they see. So we're going to continue to advance in that category. And we'll use the filtering technology that's best equipped for the application. We'll continue to use TC SAW in some areas. We'll use bulk acoustic wave in some areas, maybe it will be in diversity receive, maybe it will be in transmit chain. So again, just having the ability to create that unique customization for each and every one of our accounts is important for us. So we've made those investments. And you should expect more from us on the BAW side as the year turns here and we get further into 2020.

Yes. I mean, Chris, this is really just about being in compliance with the export ban. It's not about share loss or gain. It's about being in compliance. And as Kris said, $10 million was the number for the quarter. Over time, if things change, we could be right back in the saddle with this customer. They were our #2 customer for us not long ago. So it's not about technology on our end or market share, it's really about staying in compliance with U.S. law at this point. And if things change, we'll be ready to alter.

Yes. So I'll start -- I'll get the second part and then I'll go to the other -- the front end of your question. So I think it's very difficult to deliver the kind of compelling technology that is needed in a 5G device, I really do. I believe that. And I think U.S. companies have played a vital role in that area. And I think we have this great technology. It's difficult to do it without some of the things that we make here at Skyworks and some other -- some of our other peers. So that's one. But at the other side here is the Huawei situation is a Huawei situation. There are trade issues in China, we get it. 
But if you look outside Huawei and you look at Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi, our business is very strong, very strong. And there's a lot of 5G launches going on right now with Skyworks. There were some initial launches where we had a baseband provider in there and there was some content in there that we didn't win. But that's turning over. So we see tremendous momentum in what we call the OVX side, the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi side within China. So that continues to go on. And as Kris noted, we're playing it down with Huawei. We've got a number now that's conservative. We're going to focus on everybody else. And if Huawei comes back, like I said, that revenue will come back.

Yes. No, that's a great question, Ed, a lot of insight to that. So we are seeing some real good action on the UHB PAD, running around 3.3, 3.5. And so what you've got there is some great opportunity to continue to expand that. That's working out great. We're also looking at a number of other solutions with our China customers and other OEMs. And then the other major catalyst for us in this area is MediaTek. And you know these guys really well. We've done a lot of work with MediaTek back to the 2G days. And we had a nice position on Phase 6. But when you start to roll into Phase 7, our platform position at MediaTek is really compelling. We've got Sky5. We've got DRx technology. We have UHB opportunities and just some incredible new technologies across that platform. And we feel really good about that. 
We could be looking at a $7 to $8 handle on MediaTek chipset attached here in Phase 7. So we're excited about that. And in the meantime, we're continuing to do the work with Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi. Despite the baseband provider, whoever it may be, if it's MediaTek or not MediaTek, if it's Samsung LSI, we'll work it, if it's Qualcomm, we'll work it. So there's a lot of action going on there. But I would say that the MediaTek transition is going to be quite strong. It hasn't happened yet, but it's headed for the second half of the year to be a really compelling driver.

Yes, I think -- well, I think you've got a lot of that captured. You definitely have an increased opportunity. And we're certainly not going to get all the business, would like to get the lion's share, I think we will. But it's an increased opportunity. And the complexity that you see in these new phones, these -- the Phase 7 devices specifically are daunting, right? It takes the best and the brightest to go out there and execute it. So we're seeing that. But I will tell you that in addition to the traditional stuff that you've seen in low-band PAD and maybe some of the DRx, we're starting to move up to mid- and high-band. We're starting to move up with mid- and high-band PADs, which could be a really meaningful, high-potency opportunity for us for content. 
You mentioned -- we talked about the UHB. That's continuing to gain, not just with MediaTek but with some other accounts. So the aperture has widened a bit. But one of the common themes here is complexity. Like you said, the number of devices, the number of handoffs, carrier aggregation, the power consumption and the efficiency required to drive these 5G devices, it's just going to be a game changer in terms of challenge. And that's exactly what we want to see. So there's some really good stuff out there. We hope to lead in this market, but it's a great opportunity for the industry as well.

Yes. And recall, if you look at the proxy for semis in 2019, you're looking at double-digit declines for most of those markets. So broad markets within our business, we felt, behaved pretty well and grew pretty nicely. But we're going to continue to invest and drive into 2020.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thank you.