Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Honeywell had a very strong start to 2018 with first quarter earnings per share of $1.95, up 14% year-over-year, exceeding the high end of our guidance range by $0.02. Our earnings this quarter were driven by organic sales growth of 5%. 
The growth was strong across the portfolio, particularly in Aerospace, SPS warehouse automation and the PMT process automation businesses. We expect this momentum to continue throughout the year. Our long-cycle orders were up 35% and our long-cycle backlog was up double digits with particular strength in Intelligrated, Aerospace and UOP. I will touch on our revised full year guidance in a minute. 
Operational performance was also strong as evidenced by the 40 basis points of margin expansion and nearly 30% growth in free cash flow. We benefited from our continued investments in Commercial Excellence, together with material productivity and volume leverage. The margin expansion was within our guide and in line with our long-term target of 30 to 50 basis points expansion per year. 
Free cash flow in the quarter was about $1 billion. The 30% growth follows an exceptionally strong first quarter of 2017, where free cash flow was up more than 500%, so the cash performance is even more noteworthy. And yet we believe there's even more improvement ahead, driven by our company-wide initiative on cash and working capital. 
Finally, on Q1, we continued to aggressively deploy capital, repurchasing nearly $950 million in Honeywell shares. We are also tracking well with the cash repatriation plan we reviewed at our Investor Day in February, which contemplated more than $4 billion of cash being repatriated in 2018. 
Today, we're raising our full year 2018 organic sales growth guidance to a new range of 3% to 5%, our EPS guidance to a new range of $7.85 to $8.05 and our free cash flow guidance by $100 million. Compared to prior range, our EPS guidance is now $0.10 higher at the low end and $0.05 higher at the high end. These changes reflect both our exceptional first quarter performance and our confidence in our company's ability to continue outperforming for the remainder of 2018. 
Our end markets are strong. We are experiencing robust commercial activity. We are executing well as evidenced by our margin and cash performance. And we have significant balance sheet capacity to deploy. In summary, an exciting start to what we expect to be a very strong year. 
Let's turn to Slide 3 to highlight some of the recent news from our businesses. In Aerospace, we signed 3 contracts with Singapore Airlines Group to provide the latest Honeywell technologies and solutions to help improve operational capabilities for Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot. The agreements include a variety of services and equipment, including weather radar, navigation systems, auxiliary power units, predictive maintenance technologies and a 24/7 engineering and maintenance support. 
Additionally, Singapore Airlines Group and Honeywell signed a memorandum of understanding to jointly work to implement Honeywell's Connected Aircraft technologies to reduce operational risk, improve efficiency and maximize aircraft performance. As a result of the agreement, the family of airlines will receive better and more predictive maintenance services that will reduce mechanical delays and cancellations. And through connectivity and analytics, flying will be more efficient and cost-effective. We are seeing significant demand from our customers for Connected Aircraft offerings. And we continue to lead the industry when it comes to innovation in this area. 
In Home and Building Technologies, we launched the INNCOM e7 thermostat for hotels, a new Connected Building offering. This is the first enterprise-grade environmental control and energy management solution that incorporates Amazon's Alexa voice control for temperature, lighting, drapery and amenity functions. Honeywell's INNCOM hospitality solutions are used in more than 1.5 million guest rooms around the world.
In Performance Materials and Technologies, we introduced a cloud-based simulation tool that uses a combination of augmented reality and virtual reality to train plant personnel on critical industrial work activities. With more than 50% of the oil and gas workforce due to retire within the next 5 years, the Honeywell Connected Plant's Skills Insight Immersive Competency tool is designed to bring new industrial workers up to speed quickly by enhancing training and delivering it in new and contemporary ways. An upstream oil and gas customer in Europe is already using this solution to improve the productivity and skill set of its employees. 
In Safety and Productivity Solutions, we launched the Dolphin CN80 ultra-rugged handheld computer for demanding environments, such as distribution centers and parcel delivery. The CN80 is the latest device to run our Honeywell's Android-based Mobility Edge Platform, which is composed of common software and hardware architecture and a suite of device tools. The scalable architecture allows customers to develop, test and certify an application just once before deploying it to multiple device types across the enterprise, allowing companies to accelerate deployments, optimize device performance and extend the total product life cycle with the objective of lowering the total cost of ownership. 
We launched the first Mobility Edge device late last year, the Dolphin CT60 for transportation logistics and direct store delivery. And we will launch 2 additional Mobility Edge devices for a variety of markets later this year. There has been significant demand for our Android-based products. And we expect to see the impact of our new launches in our second quarter results. 
The final highlight is a new environmental commitment we made in China to reduce China-specific greenhouse gas emissions for our facilities by 10% per $1 of revenue from 2016 levels by 2022. We have voluntarily implemented more than 100 energy efficiency projects at our sites in China since 2011. Globally, we have reduced Honeywell's greenhouse gas intensity by more than 65% between 2004 and 2017. Our increased -- and increased our energy efficiency by 60% in the same time frame. By 2019, we'll reduce our global greenhouse gas emissions by an additional 10% per $1 of revenue from our 2013 levels. 
Since 2010, we have implemented more than 3,600 energy efficiency and water conservation projects. We are proud of our environmental, social and governance track record and are committed to continued excellence in this area. 
With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Tom, who will discuss our results in more detail.

Sure, I can start and then turn it over to Tom. I mean, I think overall, kind of the summary note is we're pretty -- we're fairly bullish on all the segments. Obviously, aero started off the year very, very strong from top line growth rate. We anticipate that mix to change a bit more between OE and aftermarket. So that might temper the growth rate at the top level, but nevertheless, should improve margin performance. In terms of PMT, we see acceleration clearly in the second half of the year, particularly in HPS and UOP, especially given the kind of order rates that we've seen and also a much more favorable mix going forward. HBT, a very solid quarter, we expect that one to kind of remain steady for the year. We don't see sort of any major changes versus the kind of run rates we've seen. And then SPS, I think that one, the growth rates there we anticipate to be similar, if not higher, going forward, certainly even more upsides from Intelligrated, further recovery from the productivity products business and safety. So overall, kind of flat to down. So that's sort of at a higher level. Tom, if you want to just...

It's both. We've got close to double-digit growth in both of the segments.

Yes. So I would say the pipeline continues to be robust. I wouldn't believe everything you read, Steve. But I think overall, as we look at our UOP business, that's one of our -- that's one of the best businesses we have in the portfolio. And anything we can do to complement and augment it, it's probably something that would certainly deserve a look. But overall, I mean, I think you saw we deployed capital in Q1. I thought the stock was a deal at $165 a share. In the low $140s, it becomes absolute no-brainer. So we did deploy capital a bit more aggressively in Q1 than we anticipated, given the opportunistic market that presented itself. But I will tell you that we're very aggressively looking at potential M&A. And we expect something to happen here, hopefully in the next quarter or 2.

No, I think there are so many factors involved here that it's -- to say this kind of size and this kind of size. It all depends what the opportunities are. I think I've stated before, and I'll stay consistent, that our preference is for bolt-on acquisitions, so roughly in that $3 billion or less ZIP code purchase price. That's sort of a rough figure. But that's kind of what I'd expect. And based on the pipeline and based on what we see in there, I'm still fairly confident of that figure. So that's kind of my expectations. I don't anticipate any sort of mega deals out there. I don't see that happening, so kind of expect something $3 billion or less in that kind of a range.

No, no, no, it's definitely -- no, it's going to -- we look at that a couple times a year, at least a couple times a year, if not more. So we're continuously looking at the deep dive of our portfolio. Our internal strategic planning period is in July. So as you can imagine, it's going to be another full review and we do that 2, 3 times a year. So as I mentioned last year, the portfolio is always going to be evolving. We're always going to be making it better and kind of adding to the top, subtracting from the bottom businesses that we don't classify as Honeywell businesses that may be fantastic businesses in their own right, but frankly don't fit the Honeywell portfolio. So I expect that kind of a top-grading process and a bit -- what is a Honeywell business to continue. Not that -- by the way, not that there's anything imminent, but you should expect us to continue to review our portfolio.

It is. I think the other thing I would just point out, Julian, is that with this kind of a revenue beat, we still came in right dead center of our range on margin expansion. That's not that easy to do, right? When you beat revenue, generally there's -- you take some hit in terms of margin expansion. And we did both. We beat revenue and stayed very much bull's-eye on exactly what we say we were going to do on margin expansion. So I think that, that's a good set of facts.

Yes, we're actually bullish on the second half, especially as we look at our order pipeline and some of the mega deals that we haven't seen in a while. It's actually the order pipeline looks very robust. And we actually expect then improvement in terms of some of the potential larger deals in the second half of this year. So we remain -- we very much remain bullish on the process business with continued growth. And we anticipate securing some of those larger mega deals in the second half of this year.

Yes. And I think the other thing, Jeff, just to point out is that a lot of this stuff has not actually been enacted yet. But nevertheless, we want to make sure we're prepared through a combination of shifting of the supply chains, alternative supply chains, value capture, all those elements. So we want to make sure that we're prepared and also offering comment to a lot of the proposed tariffs. So we're kind of working this one on many, many fronts to make sure that we don't get caught flat-footed.

Yes. One other, maybe, fact to point out, Jeff, is that we're also driving much more service contracts rather than break/fix events. And we just feel that, that's the right way to operate with our customers. So we probably will have a little bit less cyclicality than some of the others because we want to drive a much more consistent revenue stream rather than kind of a break-and-fix approach. And I think it's one that we've done in a lot of our other businesses, which really aligns our objectives, which is greater durability, better reliability that goes with the customer rather than the opposite. So that's also a factor here. And Tim and his team are driving a lot of service contracts, both around the Connected Aircraft as well as the service agreements.

Well, I mean, I think obviously we did bump it up this quarter. Overall, we bumped up the guide on the revenue for the year after 1 quarter. And we're going to see how it goes. Provided we continue to see these kinds of booking rates, these kind of growth rates, there may be further opportunities in the second half of the year. It's 1 quarter in and although I'm extraordinarily optimistic both on the Aerospace prospects as well as the broader Honeywell, I also have to note it's 1 quarter. So as we continue to see the business progress, potentially there could be more upside in the second half of the year. But we'll see.

It's been a bit steady as we go. I mean, March was actually a very, very strong month for us. January was a little bit slower on the short-cycle business. So it's a little bit difficult for me to develop a trend here. And most of the tariff and trade protectionism announcements have been March and April. So impact, if any, is not -- yet to be felt. We're -- April seems to be pretty reasonable based on what we see so far. So we're not seeing major impact yet. But I also think it's really important, as I pointed out to Jeff, that we're prepared and we take appropriate actions to mitigate any potential enactment of the tariffs. So, so far, so good. But we don't know what we don't know. And clearly, the geopolitical environment today is different than it was 3 months ago. And we probably -- we don't know more today than 3 months ago.

Yes. No, China growth over -- in Q1 was north of 20%. So I was actually a little bit more worried about China for this year. But based on Q1 -- and that's coupled in Q1 with not a particularly great air and water quarter. And even despite all those challenges in that business, we still grew more than 20%. So that gives you an idea of the kind of positions that we enjoy in China and certainly the kind of growth that we continue to experience.

Yes, sure, Scott. So I think in general, our overall High Growth Regions was high single digit, so right about where we were planning. I would tell you China was a highlight, growing north of 20%. India was a little bit slower, think mid-single digit. That was a bit of a surprise. But we expect that to recover in the rest of the year. Middle East, we're seeing some uptick in activity, think about mid-single digit there as well. In terms of, broadly, some of our challenges, it continues to be a little bit of a challenge, is Latin America, namely Brazil, that we don't see much of a recovery. The election later this year, and hopefully continue to see some stability. But I would say that's challenged. Solid growth both in North America and Europe so that good level of growth continues there. And overall, fairly steady and consistent growth profile with the exception of Brazil, which continues to be a challenge.

Yes, I think it's important. But if you really take a look at the criteria of what the Honeywell business and what I look for, nowhere does it say it has to be Connected, it has to have an IoT component. That's actually not one of the criteria. The only thing I do say is that I like less cyclical rather than more cyclical. But I don't think that, that's a requirement. Obviously, it's something that we would clearly look at. But if we take a look at businesses that are less susceptible to disruption, where we see good growth vectors, which are well aligned to megatrends, tougher to disrupt, steady growing rather than highly cyclical, they don't necessarily have to be IIoT-related for us to have an interest. So clearly, those have an interest but so do technology businesses that don't necessarily have an IIoT orientation.

Yes, I think commercial helo is probably not a highlight yet. We don't see sort of major robust level of activity there yet. But I think we're more than enthused based on what we're seeing on the -- our air transport and now uptick in activity in business jet. So I guess, there always has to be one a little bit of a lowlight. And I would say there's not as strong a recovery as we would have hoped on commercial helo. But nevertheless, the rest of the Aerospace business is very strong, so...

Yes. I mean, Joe, as you know, PMT is such a tough business to judge based on 1 quarter because, as you know, the catalyst makeup and what we ship and the mix, particularly with UOP can dramatically change the results. So both based on the backlogs that we see, based on the short-cycle activity in HPS and so on, when we get to the end of the year, we're very comfortable that the margin expansion is going to look very much in line with what we're projecting and continue to be very, very bullish on the PMT business.

Well, I think obviously this is -- what we bought back in Q1 is higher than what we normally do. If you look back about our buyback trends, this level of buyback in Q1 is actually relatively aggressive because I just -- like I said, I thought it was a steal at $165. In the $140s, it was just absolutely compelling. Now having said that, you're right. I mean, I do want to keep the powder dry. We indicated both at our Investor Day and our Q1 -- or our Q4 call that we have a slight preference for M&A. So as we kind of see the year evolve, we'll see how things change. As I mentioned prior in the call, we do have fairly robust M&A pipeline. I do hope that 1 or 2 deals materialize here in the next quarter or 2. And we'll see how it goes. So it's -- I know it's kind of deploying everything all at once and [ without ] having further optionality I don't think is ever a great idea. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. But I think the value of the stock currently is compelling at the same time. So it's the constant tradeoff that we go through.

Yes, I mean, I think both -- well, a couple of things. Number one is our relationship with Boeing remains strong and we expect that to continue. Number two, I think as you look at our services that I referred to earlier, as you think about the value story around the Connected Aircraft, that's compelling to our end customers. And that's reflected into service rates, the order rates that we're seeing, the interest that I talked about, the deal with Singapore. And if you think about Singapore, it's clearly one of the market leaders in terms of their thinking and their approach to aviation. So I remain very, very bullish on our approach. And given the kind of set of offerings that we have in the Aerospace segment, both in mechanical and avionics, we're uniquely positioned to be a key player in the Connected Aircraft. And it's being reflected in the kind of relationships we're able to formulate and the kind of business we're enjoying. And I think it's only going to accelerate.

We delivered exceptional results in the first quarter of 2018 and have strong order rates and a growing backlog as we begin the second quarter. I am confident in our ability to deliver outstanding results for our customers, our shareowners and our employees. One last note, in a few weeks, we'll be hosting an investor showcase to highlight our Safety and Productivity Solutions business, particularly our technologies for the Connected warehouse and the Connected Supply Chain. John Waldron and his team are looking forward to showing you why we're so excited about the growth opportunities in that business. Enjoy the rest of your day, and we'll talk with you soon. Thank you.