Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered record third quarter results with strong year-over-year growth in both revenue and earnings per share. Further, the completion of our acquisition of the infrastructure and automotive business of Silicon Labs, we have significantly expanded our market opportunity while accelerating our top and bottom line growth. 
Here are a few highlights. In the quarter, we delivered revenue of $1.116 billion, 52% above Q3 of last year. We posted a new Q3 record for earnings with EPS of $2.15, above consensus and representing a year-over-year increase of 72%. And given our strong and predictable cash generation, we announced a substantial increase to our quarterly dividend. Looking ahead, we expect continued momentum as we execute on strong design wins with our mobile and broad market customers, levered by the performance gains of 5G. We are seeing a tipping point with 5G acting as the catalyst transforming entire industries from telemedicine and autonomous driving to factory automation and intelligent energy management. By increasing efficiency, these 5G-enabled applications are also lowering carbon footprints and driving renewable energy. 
Skyworks is at the center of this unique technological shift and its reliance on wireless connectivity, with innovative solutions developed over 20 years and across multiple technology transitions. The combination of our innovative solutions, broad customer reach and unrivaled manufacturing scale drove another quarter of strong design win execution. In mobile, we expanded the reach of our Sky5 portfolio, powering upcoming smartphone launches at Tier 1 manufacturers, including Google, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, among others. In IoT, we secured wins across a diverse set of customers. Specifically, we delivered WiFi front-end modules to Facebook for their new portal launch, captured design wins at Peloton, supporting home fitness applications, partnered with Linksys on their newest WiFi 6E mesh network system and ramped additional advanced WiFi platforms at Altice, Charter Communications and Aruba Networks. 
We also launched connected home and security solutions at Honeywell, and shipped cognitive audio platforms to Samsung and Vizio for their home theater systems. In wireless infrastructure, we continue to leverage our small cell and advanced MIMO expertise in support of multiple Tier 1 OEMs. And finally, in automotive, we strengthened our position across the global ecosystem with our integrated solutions, enabling advanced telematics for leading auto manufacturers.
In summary, Skyworks' trusted technologies play a pivotal and essential role in the way we live, work, play and educate, enabling ubiquitous, reliable, ultra-fast connections, positioning our business for continued growth. Skyworks' success is underpinned by unique strengths, including our highly integrated connectivity engines, powering applications across an increasingly diverse array of customers in multiple high-growth end markets. A differentiated manufacturing footprint, levering strategic technologies, from high-performance filters to custom gallium arsenide and advanced packaging. 
And finally, along with our seasoned and diligent workforce, we maintain deep collaborative relationships with our customers. These advantages will be further enhanced by the acquisition of the I&A business. This combination immediately broadens our product portfolio, augments our engineering prowess and expands our market reach while diversifying revenue and enhancing profitability. With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q3 and our outlook for Q4.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks is clearly on track to deliver record financial results for fiscal 2021. As mentioned, the addition of the I&A business further propels our expansion into strategic growth segments. And with a widening array of usage cases, the proliferation of 5G is driving significant momentum for Skyworks. Our powerful generation -- cash generation capabilities, technology-centric operational scale, and global reach are fueling a robust design win pipeline. And finally, the strength of our balance sheet allows us the flexibility to invest to win while delivering consistent shareholder returns. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Yes, absolutely. Well, first of all, as Kris mentioned, we really are excited about taking on this acquisition. Great people, great technology, fabulous end markets. And the other really important thing is this is all uncorrelated to what we do in mobile. So this is really unique for us. 
One of the things, Craig, that we absolutely will capitalize on is the quality of the technology that the Silicon Labs team has brought and our ability at Skyworks to scale, to scale at high levels. So we look at these products now that are great, and we think we can take them as is and bring them to newer customers, broader scale opportunities, proliferate much further than what we see today. And it's going to be a lot of fun doing that. And our folks at Skyworks, our operational team, the ability to do work in our own fabs, which is very strategic right now will definitely put some fuel behind it. 
So we're excited about it. A lot of great end markets, improves margin, improves diversification. There's some customers that we know very well that we can take to these products, and there are some new accounts that we're going to find together. So we're really excited about the opportunity. It's very early, but we're very, very excited about what we can do.

Sure. Well, on a general basis, I mean there is a supply chain crunch around semiconductors. I think we all understand that and it's affecting everybody to some degree. I would say that Skyworks and if you know the company here, right, we're an investor in technology, and we have the lion's share of our technologies in-house in our own fabs, all the way from gallium arsenide to assembly and test, a bulk acoustic wave filtering, TC-SAW, a lot of really complex portfolios that we have and technologies that we bring in our own house. 
So we have a -- the benefit of that scale and the investments that we've made over the years fortify our position in supply chain. Now having said that, as we all know that any given platform, whether it's a smartphone or a piece of the infrastructure pie, all the components have to come together to create a solution for the customer. So if anything is short anywhere in the food chain, it can impede demand, right? Execution around demand. So we are certainly seeing that. I feel like our teams are doing a good job navigating through, but it's clear that there's more demand opportunity now that hasn't really been executed. 
So I think we're going to do work on our end to support our customers. We're certainly doing the work in our fabs, in our labs to be a little bit more efficient there and driving the technology. But it's clear that there is an impediment in demand right now globally in supply chain. So that is a real issue.

Yes, absolutely. So on the cost side, clearly, the ability to take a Skyworks a $5 billion run rate revenue company and the infrastructure that we already have in-house and the technology know-how that we have is definitely a strategic piece of the equation with the Silicon Labs deal for sure. 
And then on the customer side, there's some great products that are ready to go right now that we just have as a team can lever up some of those portfolios so that the Silicon Labs team has brought to us, and we know where to take it. And we're also a big volume player at Skyworks. So we are absolutely ready to go after big game. We have the scale for it, we have the appetite for it. We have the technology know-how and prowess to make that happen. So there's a lot of really good technologies that are there in the SLAB I&A team that we can scale with known customers in known markets. And that's going to be an important part here. And we've spent a lot of time working on it as we went through diligence on this process and both of those vectors are going to be strategic for us as we go forward. And we have a game plan to make it happen.

Sure. No, that makes total sense, and that's what we're seeing. So for the most part, we have a great deal of control in our supply chain because we have our assets. But it only takes 1 or 2 devices that you don't make to create an impediment of demand. So there's clearly levels of demand that are being delayed in terms of execution due to supply chain constraints. 
It's kind of a global issue right now. We're doing some really good work on our end. We're levering what we can on our side and working with our partners -- the outside partners that we may have. But -- and I don't think this is going to be a long-term problem, but it's certainly a problem that it is making its way through the semiconductor cycle. Some companies had worse than others. We -- again, with our internal capabilities, I think we have some strength there that others may not have. 
But it is certainly a unique case where demand is being impeded to some degree with supply chain issues. And that is just a kind of a global issue now in the semiconductor space, a lot of work being done to get that free flow of demand again. But the demand opportunity is there. So I want to make that clear. I think the demand opportunity for the products that we have and the appetite from our customers is still very strong and the technologies that are coming to market are rich and powerful. And I think that's all going to come to market here soon.

Sure, Ed. Sure. Yes. So obviously, through the process, we had deep dives into all the elements of the I&A business. They have a very strong timing portfolio, which we can take the multiple customers and customers that we have right now. They have an isolation business that's very strong. Their automotive portfolio is outstanding.
There's a lot we can do there. There's quite a bit of customer and sales synergy here that we can unlock. One of the things I would say is their portfolio is very strong technically, but hadn't been as broad in terms of scale, right, going after the very, very large players. And that's something that we do very well here. So we're going to lever up the scale. We're going to enhance the technology. We're going to invest in this portfolio. Some great, great folks there, some great people, great end markets that we can pursue. And we think it's going to really be a special deal for us. 
And the early innings here what we're seeing and the engagements with their customers and what we're doing with our sales channel, I think, is going to be unique. And then the manufacturing benefits, right? For the most part, the I&A business has been outsourced. And I think there's a great deal of synergy that we can use in our assembly and test operations, even if there's some fabless elements, just having the packaging, assembly and test in-house is a strategic advantage as well. 
So we're really excited about it, and we spent a great deal of time working through this transaction, and we haven't done a lot of deals here at Skyworks. We're very conservative with that. And it has to fit before we go about an acquisition, and this is one of those transactions that as we move through the process, we like it more and more, and we really like it now and look forward to demonstrate that opportunity as we go forward.

Yes, a great comment. I'm glad you brought it up. And the answer is we are seeing a great opportunity there. We went through the last calendar year with great success. We'll continue to do that with flagship models, largely domestic U.S. players. 
And we're starting to see now the incremental move with the Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, MediaTek players as they bump up and bring their technology along in 5G. And that's a great opportunity. And the content delta there can be substantial. And we're working that very hard. We mentioned it in our prepared remarks, and that's a very strategic lever for Skyworks. 
And we're engaged. So this isn't a case where we have to break in and form a relationship, but we're already a supplier to these key players, but we're seeing the technology lift within their devices, exactly what we anticipated. So we should expect more from that corner of the world.

Yes. No, it's an interesting question. As we just mentioned with the last caller, we're deeply engaged in China across all the platforms, and we have good relationships there and we form those for years. So we've always been a trusted partner. We have the know-how to create custom engines with our Sky5 portfolio that allows our end market customers to step in quickly with a solution that we've architected. So we see that demand opportunity as well as anyone. We have a more diverse portfolio that can address those markets as well. So it's not a single solution. We can craft it, we can customize it. 
We could reach into our Sky5 portfolio and do exactly what the customer needs. And so we look forward to that growth. So we see that same opportunity and it can be upside for us as we see the China move into 5G accelerate.

Sure. Well, I mean, as you've seen, the frequency opportunities continue to expand. If you look at the C-band auction, for example, that opened up a tremendous amount of technology, 3 to 6 gig, where we can capitalize immediately. 
I think the appetite -- if we go high level, the appetite for this technology is really strong, right? The mobile technology that we see every year gets more complex, more challenging, whether it's in China, whether it's in the U.S., and we love that because we're a company that focuses on the high end, we focus on technology, we focus on excellence in our products and we see that opportunity be rewarded with our customers. 
So we can hit all of those nodes, whether it's a China play, whether it's the high end of the U.S., and we've grown the technology along with it. So that's how we go to market. There's nothing new about the news around Huawei or anything like that, all that stuff is completely understood. 
Millimeter wave, you mentioned. Millimeter wave is an interesting technology. It works in certain areas. It has some drawbacks as well that are well known. And we listen to our customers, and we have great engagement with all the players that we need to work with. And together, we resolve the complexity and work on the end market solution. So we have investments across that entire spectrum. We know what we need to do to win. We also know what we need to do to allow our customers to win. And that's the recipe that's been working.

Yes, Chris, the WiFi cycle, in some ways, almost parallel to what we're seeing in 5G. We're seeing high complexity moving into the 6E, really complex stuff from consumer to enterprise, it continues to grow. We have really good technologies in this area. We have great relationships with our customers. It's kind of a ubiquitous player in terms of connectivity. So it's been a strong driver for us and the complexity in the devices continues to go up. 
We have a really good business, Wi-Fi enhanced, but then we also have incredible opportunities when we look at the access point in routers that we're seeing today that are really scaling up significantly in terms of the performance and the data rates. And so that's continuing to move. 
And I don't think it's really just a work from home. I think we're starting to see that become a really must-have type of technology. So that's been a play for us. Other areas in broad markets grow. We're doing really good work in the infrastructure space. We've got customers like Honeywell in the industrial area, the wireless infrastructure side with names like Nokia and Ericsson are stepping up a bit. And as Kris mentioned, you're talking about 50% year-over-year in that business. 
So it is a unique portfolio, continues to grow, very diverse and also a great partner to tag with our I&A portfolio. So I think you're going to be able to bring some cross-selling and new customer engagement through that process as well. So we look forward to -- but WiFi, as you said at the beginning, is really strategic and we're very well positioned.

Sure, sure. Let me try to unpack that question here. Well, first of all, what I would say is there's tiers of 5G in China. So you have a 5G phone that has a certain level of complexity, but you could have another 5G phone that is much higher in complexity and performance. And we can scale through all of those nodes. So penetration may be still relatively high. There's still a tremendous amount of 5G phones in China that need another click in performance to really move. And we know that because I mean we see the entire market. We see the market from end to end from the U.S. to Europe to Asia. 
And so there's a lot of opportunity for content gains from the current position in China. If you look at other markets, we're seeing the same push for technology, higher performing. We're seeing more features, more applications and a higher burden that's put on the smartphones in 5G. And that's all good stuff for us. 
It gives us the opportunity to come in with our solutions all the way from TC-SAW to bulk acoustic wave, assembly and test, packaging in-house in our own fabs. So we're really excited about it. So we do see continuous growth in content, but the content is getting harder. It's not more things. It's more complex things. And so you need to have an architect that could bring this together and make it easier for our customers to assimilate.
That's what we do. So every year, it's not just phone to phone, the phone -- the technology and the complexity within the device is rising. And that, for us, is very, very good, and it limits the competition, and it puts us in a great position to delight the customer. So we look forward to that. 
And overall, 5G penetration at a high level is still very low right now globally. There's a lot of room to move from here. And there's a lot of upgrades that haven't yet commenced. So we're looking forward to it, but the technology is not stagnant. It continues to get tougher and tougher, higher bar and opportunities for just a few players like Skyworks to execute.

Yes. Well, I mean, in general terms, the ability to get that demand through has been impeded, right. We discussed through the call today. I would say that Skyworks uniquely, with our own fabs, our own assembly and test and assets, we're a manufacturer as well as a developer of technology. So we should be able to do better than peers that are more fabless. 
But at the same time, we're all dealing with this global chip shortage as we say. And so that is an impediment to demand. We talked a bit about that, and hopefully, that can be unstuck to some level, but we are working with our customers closely. We're doing a -- our teams are working very hard to resolve any impediments in demand execution. And we certainly think that it will abate over time, but it does play through in the current quarter and into the second half of it.

Yes, somewhat that's true. It just depends on how it's going. Sometimes our parts are ready, and we're not holding anybody up, but someone else is holding us up, right? So it's kind of a -- everything has to be complete for an end product to ship. So anything in the food chain that goes sour, it could be an impediment. But I think we'll navigate our part and we do see some -- the cloud is kind of clearing here in the next couple of few quarters and we should benefit from that.

Thanks, everyone, for participating today. We look forward to talking to you at our upcoming conferences in the quarter. Thank you.