Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone.  
Let's begin on Slide 2. The second quarter was one of the most challenging quarters Honeywell has ever faced. The widespread repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic and oil price volatility impacted many of our businesses and end markets. There are a number of factors beyond our control in the current environment. We are laser-focused on the drivers of value that we can control. In the second quarter, we made numerous investments in newly emerging growth opportunities. We aggressively managed cost to protect margins, and we generated very strong cash flow. 
We delivered adjusted EPS of $1.26 in the quarter on sales that were down 18% organically, consistent with the greater than 15% organic sales decline we signaled in May. Our Phase 1 cost plans delivered approximately $500 million of year-on-year benefit in the second quarter, and we completed planning for a Phase 2 plan. These actions helped us protect margins, limiting our decremental margins in the quarter to only 33%. In fact, we were actually able to expand segment margin in 2 of our 4 segments.  
Despite the challenging macroeconomic conditions, we generated $1.3 billion of free cash flow, driven by cost actions and customer collections, resulting in adjusted free cash flow conversion of 140%. We prudently deployed approximately $900 million of cash, primarily to dividends and CapEx investments. We committed approximately $250 million of incremental growth capital expenditures compared to our previous allocated budget for new projects to accelerate our investments in Safety Products, Intelligrated and other growth opportunities. These are high-return investments expected to generate triple-digit IRRs.  
Let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss the work we've done to pivot our business, given the current environment and emerging customer needs. 
I am proud of the quick mobilization by employees throughout the company to rapidly innovate and provide solutions for both urgent and long-term customer needs. To address the urgent need for PPE, we are significantly growing our personal protective equipment business. We expanded face mask productions and specifically our N95 and equivalent mask production in Arizona, Rhode Island, the United Kingdom, India, the UAE and China.  
In the U.K., we created a new manufacturing line capable of producing a significant amount of masks at our Newhouse site in Scotland, which will assist the U.K. government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as service the European -- serve the European region. In addition to our expansion of United States, India and China capacity, we have added capacity in the UAE, where we've partnered with Strata Manufacturing, a subsidiary of Abu Dhabi state fund Mubadala Investment Company, to produce N95 masks.  
Beyond masks and other [ PP&E ], we are innovating to provide creative solutions for new areas of customer demand. 
We recently announced our partnership with SAP to create a joint cloud-based solution to improve building performance based on Honeywell Forge and the SAP cloud platform. Building owners often need to pull data from disparate sources that are not normalized, making it extremely difficult to determine the true efficiency and utilization of their portfolios. The Honeywell Forge and SAP Cloud for Real Estate solution will streamline and combine operational and business data, enabling customers to benefit from building performance optimization, including reduced carbon footprint and lower energy cost as well as improved tenant experience. This will be especially useful as buildings come back online in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic crisis as building owners are expected to focus on key performance indicators tied to enhanced occupant safety and reduced operating costs.  
We have also launched an integrated set of healthy building solutions to help building owners improve the health of their building environments, operate more cleanly and safely, comply with social distancing policies and help reassure occupants that it is safe to return to the workplace.  
We are partnering with pharmaceutical and biotech customers in our Aclar healthcare packaging business to develop innovative packaging solutions for future COVID-19 therapies and vaccines. We have launched new bottles and vials called Aclar Edge that enable ultra-high moisture barrier without the limitations of glass. We've also launched the Honeywell ThermoRebellion temperature monitoring solution, which can be rapidly deployed at the entry of a factory, airport, distribution center, stadium or other commercial buildings to quickly and efficiently identify whether personnel exhibit an elevated temperature using advanced infrared imaging technology and artificial intelligence algorithms.  
In Aerospace, we are helping to provide a safer and healthier travel experience with ultraviolent cabin cleaning system. The Honeywell UV cabin system can treat an aircraft cabin in less than 10 minutes for just a few dollars per flight for midsized to large airline fleets, significantly reducing certain viruses and bacteria on cabin surfaces.  
I am very proud of the part we are planning to keep people safe and healthy by providing new solutions for urgent customer needs. We remain committed to continuing Honeywell's long legacy of innovation and we are continuing to invest in our future in good times and bad.  
We also recently formed new business units dedicated to advancing our position in growing industries for sustainable energy and unmanned aerial systems. Our new sustainable technology solutions business in PMT will develop and commercialize new technologies that will help meet the growing demand for solutions that accelerate the path to a low-carbon economy. This includes growth opportunities in the plastic circular economy, energy storage, gas decarbonization and renewable fuels. In Aerospace, our new unmanned aerial systems business has continued to introduce new, innovative products for this exciting market and recently conducted in-flight testing of sensors that will guide urban air mobility vehicles to land without pilot intervention. 
These are challenging times for all. We are rapidly addressing our end market and customer needs through innovation and mobilization of resources across the organization.  
Finally, I'd like to make a few comments about our commitment to diversity, inclusion and equality. Let me be clear. We'll never tolerate racism at Honeywell. Fully embracing the principles of diversity, inclusion and equality and treating all employees with the utmost respect are requirements for working here. In addition, we are committed to the following actions. We'll continue to evolve our community relations programs and partnerships with key external organizations to promote diversity, equality and opportunity for all. We will intensify our focus on the recruiting, retention and development of women, veterans and minority groups. And we will continue to rigorously enforce our code of business conduct, which makes it explicit that there is 0 tolerance specifically for racial discrimination. We recognize that these steps are a starting point, not an end, and we are committed to continuing to make progress.  
Now let me turn it over to Greg on Slide 4 to discuss our second quarter results in more detail as well as to provide our views on the third quarter.

Thank you, Greg. Let's wrap up on Slide 9. As we expected, this quarter proved to be very difficult. But we effectively managed through the challenges with strong operational execution and cash generation. We remain cautious heading into the second half of the year as there are still many unknowns. However, our diversified portfolio and significant balance sheet strength will continue to provide resilience in these uncertain times. 
We acted quickly and responsibly to make structural changes to our cost base during the quarter. We funded over $250 million in repositioning, and we identified significant additional actions to align our cost base to the current environment in 2020 and 2021. Despite the challenging times, we are delivering growth in several parts of the portfolio, particularly in defense, Intelligrated and personal protective equipment. We're also investing in growth opportunities and working hard to provide innovative solutions for emerging customer needs. 
I am proud of everyone at Honeywell who's working hard to adapt and deliver in this challenging environment. And I'm confident we will emerge from this crisis even stronger than ever.  
With that, Mark, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. Well, I think we sort of provide some guidance on that in the 60% to 70% because I think you have really 3 buckets of costs that we think about, right, which is purely temporarily, and think about those as furloughs, which obviously are going to come back. The second bucket is what I call semi-permanent. Those are some of our indirect cost base which obviously are impacted, which they're not permanent in nature, but we think some of those are going to carry over into 2021. And obviously, permanent reductions. 
So the 60% to 70% is a pretty good guide around that includes primarily the permanent reductions and some portion of the semi-permanent because obviously, on the indirect cost, we're not going to be as low as we were in 2020, but we're also not going to get back to 2019 levels. So we kind of have, think about a 50-50 or something in that kind of a split that we approximate. That's sort of the rough guide, how to think about that. 
I don't know, Greg, if you want.

Yes. I mean, I think the only -- Jeff, the only unknown is sort of timing because the permanent ones, the timing isn't perfectly predictable, and some of it may move sooner, some of it may move later. So I think timing element is, I would say, somewhat unpredictable, but not sliding more than, let's say, a quarter.

Yes. I mean if you think about HBT and PMT, they were down in the teens is the way to think about it. Obviously, in Aero, they were down mid-double digits. I mean, they were significantly down. But I think there's -- so that's sort of -- hopefully, that gives you some color. But I think there's a couple of really important things to remember. 
Our total Honeywell backlog actually is up 3%, and even the PMT backlog is up 2%. So obviously, orders actually kind of came in more or less where we expected them to do. But overall, the backlog position improved, which I think was a pretty good sign. So all in all, not as bad as we anticipated.

Yes. Maybe I'll start. I mean, just to give you a little bit of a -- so let's kind of divide it up into the 3 segments. So it starts with Defense & Space. We expect that to grow again. So that's been the strength for our business in Aerospace in Q2. We expect that to continue in Q3. 
When you think about OE, we actually expect it to be flat to down versus Q2 for a couple of reasons. Number one, obviously, we had some carryover impact from Q1 in terms of shipments. Number two is, in some segments and some of our OEs, that we don't see the robust production rates exhibited in Q3. So we don't see that improving. In terms of business aviation aftermarket, we expect it to be slightly better than it was in Q2. 
And then finally, in ATR, that one is the toughest to call. And I'll tell you why, because you can't just look at flight hours. So all the flight hours will be better. And if you think about a low to mid-70s reduction year-over-year in Q2, we kind of estimated Q3 to be something in the, call it, 50s or something of that nature, which actually may be a little bit aggressive. But the thing to think about here is that it's not -- there's a lead and lag impact. And the second component, which is somewhat unknown, although we haven't seen it, is there're going to be cannibalizations from the parked aircraft. 
So that one for us is really tough to call. And so we're going to have to just kind of see how the quarter evolves. And that's why it's hard for us to give precise guidance because these things are unknowns. We had airlines adding more flights in July and August. Now we -- they've pulled back their schedules a bit in August. So there's a lot of moving pieces here, and I think the ATR aftermarket component is the toughest one to call.

No, it's not -- no, I don't think it's going to be dramatic, but I think it would be wrong to just say, well, to tie the aftermarket performance purely to the quarter-over-quarter flight hours. Because we do think, obviously, flight hours are going to be better in Q3 versus Q2. But I don't think it's necessarily just a pure correlation. We think it's going to be a modest, very modest impact. 
And keep in mind that we also had some orders back all the way from Q1 that we still filled in Q2. So we had a little bit of a lead-lag impact. So I don't think something dramatic because the natural assumption will be, okay, well, it's going to be a lot better in Q3. The fact is we're really not sure because we need to kind of see how things evolve in some of the factors I talked about.

Yes. I mean, I think -- look, I mean, 33%, given the sudden kind of stop in our business, I actually view is pretty good, given that we have aerospace exposure and oil and gas exposure. So I think that, that's going to be respectable performance.

But our plan here, though, is to show improvement from this number going forward. I don't think it's going to be dramatically better in Q3, but we do expect modest improvement in some of the -- in that 33%. So that's sort of how we're thinking about it.

Yes. I think it's really, really exciting because I think Honeywell and SAP have what I call complementary growth strategies. So this alliance, we started out in buildings, but I think it's -- I think we have much broader opportunities. 
And just to give you a perspective, clearly, the connected buildings part was really a highlight of our Q2 in terms of our connected enterprise. And just to give you the level of growth, we saw 26% growth in that segment in Q2. So in this environment and given -- I think that's tremendous. Obviously, we're on to something. 
In terms of some of the growth drivers, I mean, obviously, it's energy savings, it's security, it's a coherent interface so that building owners or maintainers can understand what's going on. It's building occupancy optimization. Now with the launch of healthy buildings, it's also social distancing. It's wearing [ PP&E ], temperature monitoring, clean air quality, all these elements are part of that connected buildings offering, which we're now augmenting even more with a broader focus on kind of creating a healthy environment for the office worker. 
And the other -- maybe one last thing I'd want to add on to, Scott, is that we're also in our HBT business, we're also reorganizing to be much more end-market vertical-oriented. So for example, we're going to go to the market as a set of solutions for health care or hospitals, for stadiums, for airports, for office buildings, for data centers. So that's an evolution in our HBT strategy, and I think we're going to -- it's going to be that much more effective because we're going to be that much closer and more intimate with those customers and their needs.

Yes. Well, I think I'm not ducking the question because, frankly, we're creating the market. Whenever you create a market, it's hard to guess at the sizing. But just our own installed base is vast. We think that over time, this could be $1 billion business, just that's sort of our scope. And we don't think that, that's like decades away. So we have big hopes, and double-digit growth rates are an expectation. And the good news about that is, even in an environment like we had in Q2, which was an all-time worst for Honeywell, I mean, literally it was probably the worst quarter, hopefully, I'll ever see, 26% growth gives you the kind of traction we're gaining in this segment.

Well, I mean, that's -- I mean, you heard Greg discuss this. I mean, we're aggressively investing in our CapEx...

And people. So we're cutting in some areas because we have to, but we're actually adding a lot of people in others. So $250 million of incremental CapEx that we never had in our budgets. 
And Scott, I think this is an important data point I just want to give you, and I think it's one to remember. When we bought Intelligrated, it was roughly $800 million to $900 million business per year. We booked $1.2 billion this past quarter. That gives you the kind of growth profile that we're seeing in that business.

Yes. And I think from an investment perspective, I would just add that we're nearly doubling our growth CapEx from our original plans because I -- to be honest, I haven't seen IRRs ever that were triple digit. And it's by far the best way we could put our capital to work, some of these high-return CapEx projects, and they're terrific. And we're not afraid to -- I mean, if need to be, we may even be targeting more investments for growth in the second half.

Yes. I mean, I think we're always going to see some level -- we hope to see some balance, right? I mean, I think that's kind of going to be the formula going forward. I certainly will tell you that the M&A function is open for business. I mean, I think we -- it was prudent for us to take a little bit of a pause in Q2 just to see how the world evolves, how things are going to change and so on. 
But, a, you kind of saw the kind of working capital performance we have. We've further secured the balance sheet and protected it even more. And I think you would agree that the balance sheet is very strong and well-protected, well-funded. So in short, we're very much open for business, both from an M&A perspective as well as potential buyback perspective. And we already made a commitment that we're going to at least keep share count flat from here, which is new news, and we're going to kind of take a look at what opportunities are out there in the second half. 
I mean, the M&A environment is just a little bit slower just because everybody is focused on battling the crisis. But we think that, that may open up a little bit more here in the second half, and we hope to be active.

Yes. Andrew, I'd say -- well, first of all, it's more than masks, right? So this isn't just masks. Mask's a part of it, but it's other [ PP&E ]. It's also we're expanding capacity in our sensing business for pressure sensors which go into a lot of the medical equipment that our hospitals desperately need. So I would say the capacity expansion is much more broad-based, and it's not just mask-oriented. 
But certainly, as we look longer term, this sort of opens up new opportunities for us. I would say maybe last, it's less about masks, but a little bit more about steering the business towards serving the medical segment. That's kind of how we'd think about it.

I think -- yes, we've been doing that gradually. And as we see the demand, we're certainly not going to be afraid to add even more capacity. So as we -- the demand is still very robust. And I think it's very possible that we could be adding even more capacity here in the second half of the year.

Yes. I mean, I think the segment for UOP that was the most challenged is our gas processing segment, which obviously is closely tied to the unconventional gas production in -- primarily in the U.S. And as you know, that's very challenged, so we saw some pretty big drop off. 
But even before this crisis hit, I mean, the mix in UOP can vary substantially from quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year. And we always knew we had a very heavy equipment mix in the business in the Q2 and Q3 of this year. And even if this recession hadn't hit, we always had a challenging -- now you -- mix going into it. 
Now you combine that with kind of a push out of a lot of the catalyst refills, push out of projects. Obviously, the refining capacity wasn't as -- or demand wasn't as robust as any of us would hope here in Q2. If you combine all these factors, and UOP, obviously, was a bit more challenged than some of our other businesses, 
HPS performed, I think, admirably in the quarter. I mean, some of the products businesses were a little bit more challenged than the systems businesses. So overall, pretty much aligned with our expectations. 
And in terms of Advanced Materials, that one was heavily impacted by the shutdowns in auto manufacturing and our supplied [ sources ], which we expect to see some level of recovery here in the second half of the year.

Yes. It's just -- it's because we simply can't call the timing of that perfectly. I mean, it's not -- obviously, when -- temporary actions are pretty easy to call because you can sort of unilaterally implement that. When you go -- when you shift -- basically what we're doing in Q3 and Q4 is we're shifting and substituting some of the temporary actions we've taken in Q2 for permanent. The timing of that can't be exactly perfectly called. And as Greg pointed out, I think it's going to be a little bit more weighted towards Q4 than Q3.

Well, yes, I think the comment was more in total. I think Aero is the toughest to call because of the uncertainty around the mix that I talked about, particularly in air transport aftermarket, which is, as you can imagine, a very interesting and higher-margin revenue stream.

Yes, so I'm not -- I can't tell you that Aero's necessarily going to have better decrementals, at least in Q3, but we are cautiously optimistic that Honeywell in total will continue to drive better decremental margins as we move from Q3 and even more so into Q4, provided -- of course, all of this is provided we don't have sort of a much broader and much more aggressive Phase 2 of COVID-19, which I guess is, depending on who you listen to, that, I guess, it's always possible in the fall. So that's kind of how we're thinking about our math for the rest of the year.

Yes. I mean, like, a couple of points. Number one is I think that you saw the bottom in Q2. See a gradual slow improvement as we move into Q3, Q4. And then into 2021, we're going to continue to see improvement. I think the real discontinuity here where we could see a much more dramatic improvement, which is really going to be tied to a medical solution, which is probably a vaccine, when it gets distributed. Because the level of the leisure traveler is actually a little bit better than expected. People are traveling. 
But we need really that second leg to come in, which is the business traveler. And that part of it, we think, is going to happen after we get a much broader distribution of a vaccine, which right now, it's anybody's guess when it will happen, but I think the news overall is actually pretty good. And I don't think it's crazy to think that we may even have a certified vaccine before the end of the year this year now, then we also have to think about the distribution timing and so on. 
So we're optimistic that certainly, there's going to be a solution in the first half of next year, which obviously will stimulate a greater level of air travel.

Yes. I think it's tough to call at this point, and I'll tell you why. Because although we obviously know roughly what we have in our restructuring plan. So we know what we're going to do there. What we don't know is the capacity additions because all the work -- some of the reductions are taking place in places like Aerospace, to a lesser extent, PMT and so on. But now we're adding hundreds, if not thousands of people in SPS, and we don't think we're done. I think that we're going to be making further investments in people, further investments in capacity. So I think it's a little bit too early to call exactly what that -- our staffing may look like at year-end. And I'd hate to give you a number which may prove to be inaccurate.

Yes. I mean, I think it's Aero, it's substantial. It's closer to double digit. In some of the other businesses, we're adding headcount. So a little bit all over the place. I mean, I think we've tried to be -- protect as many jobs as we can because we frankly don't want to be doing a lot of job reductions. But I also have to be realistic, and we have to be realistic, that we don't think that this is a quarter or 2 phenomenon in Aerospace. And unfortunately, the business is going to shrink for a little while. 
We do think -- I'm not -- by the way, I'm not so pessimistic that I think Aero is going to be down till 2024 as I've heard some estimate. I actually think it's going to come back a bit faster than that, and it's aligned to a medical solution. But realistically, it's probably not going to get back to the 2019 levels until at least 2022 or maybe even a bit later. So we're sizing the business for that kind of a reduction.

Yes. No. We're working on exactly that type of a solution which treats the air with ultraviolet light and obviously results in a much higher air quality than anything out there. So that is very much part of our thinking and part of our solution. So we're doing some studies around the timing required, exposure to UV light required. And that's very much part of our thinking.

I want to thank our shareowners for their continued support of Honeywell. We are focused on continuing to perform for our shareowners, our customers and our employees in any environment. We are well positioned to manage through challenging times with our balanced portfolio, track record of execution and a strong balance sheet. I'm excited about the future of Honeywell despite the current challenging -- challenges facing the global economy. We are capturing new growth opportunities by providing innovative solutions for new customer needs, and our operational rigor will continue to serve us well. 
Thank you for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.