Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Before reviewing the fourth fiscal quarter results, I want to highlight the significant accomplishments that underpinned another year of record financial performance for Skyworks. Specifically, for fiscal 2022, we generated a record $5.5 billion in revenue, a 7% year-over-year increase. We achieved a record $2 billion in revenue for our broad markets, up 37% year-over-year, representing 36% of total revenue. We drove earnings per share to a record of $11.24, and we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Now turning to the September quarter. Our diversified portfolio and expanding set of customers drove record Q4 performance. We delivered revenue of $1.4 billion, a Q4 record and above consensus estimates. We achieved gross margin of 51.3% and operating margin of 37.6%. And we posted earnings per share of $3.02, exceeding our guidance by $0.12. In addition to the record financial results, we continued building a foundation for long-term growth with strong operational execution and design win momentum. 
In mobile, we delivered integrated platforms to the leading 5G smartphone OEMs, including flagship and mid-tier launches at Google, Samsung and others. In IoT, we continue to gain new customers and extend the content. We partnered with Vodafone to launch the U.K.'s first WiFi 6E platform. We shipped into tri-band platforms for Frontier Communications, and we launched connectivity solutions with Amazon, supporting their WiFi 6 power-over-ethernet access points. 
Across the infrastructure and industrial markets, we provided programmable timing solutions for a leading optical transport OEM, simplifying 400G capacity in data centers and telco networks. We captured new infrastructure wins at Samsung, enabling service providers to expand mid-band capacity and coverage. And we delivered comprehensive timing technologies delivered to a leading O-RAN small cell provider. 
In automotive, we achieved another record of quarterly results with revenue strength highlighting our connectivity and power isolation portfolio. We secured digital radio platforms with a global EV leader as well as a top European luxury brand. We developed onboard charging solutions for a leading Korean OEM, and we received a key supplier award from Schneider Electric, highlighting the capabilities of our power isolation portfolio. 
Moving forward, mobility, the shift to the cloud and the electrification of automobiles are all key catalysts driving demand for our unique solutions. The value and utility of mobile data continues to grow, with estimates of 750 million mobile subscribers being added by 2027. In parallel, global cloud revenues are expected to reach $1 trillion by 2028, representing an annual growth rate of 16%. And by 2030, an estimated 96% of new vehicles will feature onboard connectivity and nearly 25 of those vehicles will be electric. Each of these trends require complex connectivity engines underpinning the need for high-speed, ultra-reliable, low latency performance. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to craft faster, smaller and more efficient form factors, seamlessly integrating and customizing for an expanding set of customers, end markets and applications. 
As these opportunities emerge, Skyworks is poised to win with a talented team that has executed extraordinarily well in the face of macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds. With our market-leading profitability and scale, we are leveraging strategic technologies from high-performance filters to custom gallium arsenide and advanced packaging while elevating performance for a coveted set of diverse customers. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris.

Thanks, Kris. As our record financials demonstrate, our portfolio is powering an increasingly broad set of applications across the market's most essential and fast and growing -- fastest growing segments. Our proven execution and deep customer partnerships position Skyworks to outperform. Moving forward, our revenue diversification, profitability and cash generation will fuel long-term growth, while increasing shareholder returns through dividends and share buybacks.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line to questions.

Sure, Harsh. Appreciate the question. Yes, it's certainly been volatile across the space, but I would say that China markets have been certainly a unique, unique situation. Now as you know, for us, we've been much more focused on the higher-end brands, although we're exposed to global markets broadly. What we have seen is Android markets contract quite a bit, and within there, the OVX portfolios and mobile have been hit quite hard. But the good news for us, Harsh, and I think you know this, is that we've been slowly driving more towards the higher-end brands. The exposure to the OVX markets have been radically reduced and derisked in our portfolio. Even going back to the early days of the Huawei and ZTE and coming down to the OVX markets, we've been able to manage through those headwinds. 
But I would say that as we go forward, the portfolio that we have in front of us is outstanding, the technology developments that we put forth, the investments that we've made in scale and technology, the diversification themes that we put forth, they are all going to be incredible benefits and tailwinds for us once these markets normalize. So we feel really good about it. China is definitely a weak spot. I think in terms of relative strength, there's still some opportunity for us, but it's definitely a bumpy part of the landscape today.

Yes. It's hard to tell for sure, Harsh. But I would say that the relationships that we have with the key customers and the visions that we have together on opportunities, we still feel like there can be some recovery here. Of course, this is unique circumstances for the industry in general, but I definitely would look at Skyworks to outperform on a relative basis. There may be some headwinds here continued, but I expect that our team is going to be able to navigate that better than others. It's not just words. The ability to manage our fabs to deliver very, very high-performance solutions in our factories and put those together with our customers day to day. 
So we're not a company that puts products on the shelf and looks for our customers to pull. We work together to drive a demand curve to be very, very much in lockstep with the players that we're with. And hopefully -- that has been in the past, and hopefully, we'll continue that we can continue to drive success with our customers knowing that we're a proven supplier and a proven solution for them.

Sure. Sure. Good question. Just to kind of kick that off, we ended our fiscal '22 with a $2 billion broad markets business. So that's really good. 36% of annual revenue there. So a lot of good work going on. But the opportunity there is outstanding. If you look at some of the markets that we have today, really good position, a lot of strength in mobile, and that will continue. But the broad markets business has an entirely different set of opportunities. It's much broader. The technology nodes are more far reaching, and the customer set is extremely large. I think those are important, important points. 
If you think about where we're going right now, we're making strides in the automotive business. We're making more and more headwind here -- or more an upside in infrastructure. The IoT portfolios continue to grow, a lot of connectivity in that, but also looking at more industrial applications and industrial customers. So there's a lot going on there in broad markets. And our sales and marketing teams are working every corner of the globe here to drive revenue. There's definitely for Skyworks, a lot of headroom coming from our current base, and we expect that to be a key driver going into FY '23 and beyond.

Yes. I would also say that despite the near-term bumps with that customer, there's a great opportunity for content gains, and so we're excited about that. And there's really -- there isn't anything that's going to impede on an effort. So there's a lot of opportunity for us to round that out. I think in the China case, we have derisked appropriately but we have a great deal of opportunity with the other leading smartphone players. So -- and we're -- our teams are all over that.

Yes. And that being largely -- we're talking about China here. Obviously, we have other Android players that are continuing to drive solutions and have some -- I think some really good opportunities that will flow through the year.

Sure, Blayne. This is Liam. The content opportunity for us continues to grow. We have penetrated some really unique solutions with our largest customer and really the opportunities going forward are very bright. The engagement is outstanding. And our ability to outperform technically with that customer is continuing, and I don't think that's going to change at all. So we're really bullish on that. When we go back to things like Samsung, I think there's a lot of opportunity there. We just got an odd turn right now the way that market grew it out. But the opportunities continue to be strong. We are, I think, right now dealing with some really nice new technology that we're bringing forth in the portfolio beyond handsets. 
If you look at where this business is going to go after some of the inventory burns down -- and we're very, very tight on that, by the way. We know how to work with the largest customer. We've been doing this for years, and we're very close in terms of the signals that we have that will help us manage inventories, et cetera. But a lot of good stuff going on there, and we should definitely expect from us to do more on the Android side, maybe absent some of the China players.

Yes. So I would look at 2 things. On the MSS lab portion, really good stuff. I know you've heard it from us before, but honestly, this is a deal that has gone better than we expected and it continues to increase. So we're really excited about that. A lot of new opportunities. But then on the WiFi portfolio, as we start to move through WiFi 6 and 6E, we've got a great lead in that product line. There's a lot of technology that we're bringing to bear. It's higher grade. It's higher performance. Consumers are just now starting to buy into that, think of that WiFi as kind of a cycle similar like 5G. There's a lot of replacement and new engagement around that portfolio, and we have a great solution. So we're feeling good about that. 
And then another market that's popped up, obviously through the slab deal was automotive, and we didn't talk that much about it today yet, but it's a really critical part of the portfolio. We've got a power isolation business that's doing incredible things. We've got customer engagements with names that we wouldn't have had with the Skyworks 2 or 3 years ago. So we're really excited about that. The brands are starting to extend the application set is getting stronger, and the technologies that we're populating are really, really critical and unique.

Yes. I mean there's some gains with kind of unfreezing that backlog. But the truth is, it's really new design wins and new opportunities. And I know we've said it before in other calls, but the organization is really melding now into a period where we've got great technology. We have engagements with customers on both sides, the slab side and obviously the core Skyworks, and the business development is going really well. The revenue is growing better than we thought actually, and we continue to see more and more opportunities for growth. And also, you've got pretty solid margins in that portfolio as well. So it's going really well. A lot more to do. I would bet hard on data center and automotive here in that portfolio, that's starting to really ramp. But it's been a great transaction, and there's a lot more to go from there.

Yes. I mean -- so I'll give you an example. We're dealing with companies like AWS and Google Cloud and data center. That wasn't there a year or 2 ago. We didn't have that business. We come around and look at automotive, power isolation, really critical technologies. We didn't have those a year ago or 2 years ago. There's a lot of great stuff going on in the infrastructure markets that we have had a position in, but now we're expanding. And you get deeper into the automotive space, there's just an amazing set of technologies that require wireless and/or high-performance semiconductor products, and that's what we do really well. It also helps us, as we start to move further and further into autonomous, where high-speed connectivity, wireless high-speed connectivity, is absolutely critical. We all know that. 
So it is really a -- it's a dovetail between great customer engagement, technology and also really diversified end markets that are growing. So we're excited about it. And like I said, we've been outperforming on that transaction. We're putting more investment into that portfolio because it's returning phenomenally. And there have been some sticky spots with supply chain, and you mentioned that in your question, that was one of the things that would drag a bit, and I think we're getting through it. But it's a different business where Skyworks is a little bit more of a big game hunter approach, and that's fine. But the I&A portfolio is much broader. And with the support and funding from the larger Skyworks, I think there's just incredible things that we can do competitively, and we're looking forward to that.

Yes. And I will say that we definitely will have visibility. So we're not blind. We're really close to the customers, and so we're on top of the transaction. So everything that Kris said is exactly true. And I would just add that our ability to look through the channel and be engaged with our customers and our suppliers is very strong.

Yes. Good question, and I appreciate that. Yes, I mean, you've heard me say it before, we like to take the fast ball early, right? So we try to really capitalize on the most challenging opportunities and then kind of go downhill, and that's what we've been doing. And we really do our best work in the higher-end most challenging environments, and our design teams are exceptional, and they really enjoy this -- again, they like the hunt as well. So you're going to see us to -- I appreciate your visibility on what we've done already, which is pretty solid and more to go. 
But our design teams and our engineers are fired up. They want to take more. We're going to try to grow the portfolio with the largest customer, but also with many, many others outside the largest customers. So as you know, performance wins; complexity, resolution wins; having the ability to put that all together and make it look really easy, that's what we try to do, and hopefully, that trend will continue.

Yes. Honestly, here, we're starting to see an expansion of TAM with the largest Korean customer. That's always been kind of a battle for lower cost versus performance. And what we're seeing is that performance is the driver. And if you look at the incremental user experience between a mid- to a higher-end phone is exceptional. And we see it here in the U.S. with the leading player, but it's also a great opportunity for mid-tier. So there's a lot to do there, and I think that's a great opportunity for us with the largest Korean player. We've got the China business derisked, and we've got great position with the top brand. So we're looking forward to getting through some of the bumps that we're dealing with right now and moving into a stronger 2023.

Yes. I mean the utility of these high-end smartphones is so critical to the user. So we've been seeing consistently opportunity for growth in what we call content, our technology reach, and we're not seeing that abate. And the nice thing is it's also branching out. It isn't just -- we've done some great work with Bulk Acoustic Wave and TC-SAW and capitalizing on our in-house gallium arsenide, all these unique solutions and bringing them together in a holistic solution that can go into multi-end markets. The good news is, the companies that we deal with, especially the largest ones, they want to push the envelope. They want the performance to get stronger. They want the performance to drive more applications, and that drives more technology reach for Skyworks. 
So we really don't see that change. And the usage cases around mobility and connectivity, I think everyone on this call, we all know it. It's really vibrant.  We'll have pockets at quarters where things get bumpy, but the net output here is going to be up onto the right and the technologies and the know-how to put that together and engage with the right customers is, I think, very critical, and it's something that we continually try to improve upon.

Thank you all for participating in today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thanks, again.