Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. 
Skyworks delivered another quarter of solid financial performance, leveraging the strength of our business model and momentum across our high-growth broad markets and IoT portfolio. Specifically, in Q2, we generated revenue of $810 million, drove gross margin of 50.7% and operating margin of 34.1% while posting an earnings per share of $1.47. Our March quarter results were impacted by unit weakness in mobile, particularly across China. In contrast, our broad markets business continue to outperform and is on path for double-digit growth again in fiscal '19.
During the quarter, our design win execution accelerated, building a growing pipeline of new opportunities while positioning us for continued traction across a diverse set of end markets, applications and customers. For example, in the quarter, we led the transition to the latest WiFi 6 standard with platform wins at Aruba, ASUS, Cisco and NetGear. We gained content with our SkyOne platform and DRx engines in Samsung's Galaxy S10 smartphones. We leveraged our portfolio of audio SoCs, supporting high-fidelity stereo headsets, premium sound bars and gaming applications. We enabled long-range machine-to-machine communications and smart meters and street lighting and we captured the first commercially available 5G indoor access point.
We also secured massive MIMO infrastructure wins with Ericsson and Nokia as they roll out 5G. We expanded our automotive footprint with LTE devices supporting eCall, remote entry, in-cabin entertainment and additional features. And we extended our reach across new categories in both aerospace and defense, leveraging our C-band filtering solutions. As these achievements demonstrate, Skyworks is capitalizing on powerful macro trends, diversifying across new customers and segments while advancing our market leadership. Our solutions empower everything from data center to cloud, media to entertainment to e-commerce and ride-hailing services.
Moving forward, the transformational technology of tomorrow is being built on a new generation of connectivity solutions, enabled by the rollout of 5G. The applications driving this revolutionary change require a step-function leap in performance, supporting the continuous interaction between client and cloud while delivering high-speed data, near 0 latency and perfect reliability. Skyworks' unique systems expertise, strategic partnerships and global scale are critical to the success of 5G deployments. Our strengths underpin a broad array of capabilities including an expanding set of MIMO devices, SkyOne and Sky5 system solutions, addressing low to ultrahigh bands and a family of diversity receive modules as well as emerging technologies in millimeter wave.
Our portfolio is further bolstered by the strategic investments we've made in advance filtering, spinning SAW, TC SAW and BAW while addressing spectrum from 700 megahertz to 6 gigahertz. And as 5G traction takes hold, we expect to benefit from new product categories, targeting higher frequency spectrum in the future.
As these technological demands intensify, Skyworks' competitive position is strengthened with growing content reach across a wide array of customers and applications, strong momentum in broad markets, world-class operational execution and scale, and decades of experience in developing breakthrough solutions over multiple technology generations. And importantly, superior cash flow, allowing us to out-invest our competition while providing premium returns to shareholders.
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of last quarter's performance and our outlook for Q3.

Thanks, Kris. 
As our results illustrate, we continue to deliver strong levels of profitability, allowing us to make the pivotal investments that drive market leadership. In parallel, we are advancing our technological reach, positioning us to win in the connected economy of tomorrow, an unprecedented opportunity for Skyworks.
In summary, we are firmly committed to increasing shareholder value while executing on our ambitious vision of connecting everyone and everything all the time.
Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Let's open the lines for questions.

Yes. Let me add, Toshi, to that -- to Kris' comments is that the products that we're working on right now and the inventory that is being built now is targeted directly for known design wins that we have in the second half, very complex, compelling solutions that we'll be delivering in the second half of the calendar year. So we know exactly where this material is going.

Sure, sure, Ambrish. No problem. Well, let me kind of go back in time a little bit and take a long view at this all. First of all, Skyworks, as you know, is baseband-agnostic. Our products are interoperable with Qualcomm, with Intel, with MediaTek, Samsung LSI, Huawei, et cetera. So we've been able to navigate the baseband ecosystem and operate very effectively with all of those players. I would also say with the largest customers, we've had tremendous amount of volatility in baseband but we've always grown our share. So if you look back in the early days of the largest customer where their baseband position was and there was a transition at one point, and then there was at times where we had 2 players going at once, all of that had no impact on our business. We continued to grow share, work with our customers, engineer to engineer, shoulder-to-shoulder design-in work to grow our content and our position. And if we look out, one of the things that allows us to do that, Ambrish, is that have made the investments in the technologies. We have in-house custom gallium arsenide technology, we have an array of filtering technology now that goes from SAW to TC SAW to bulk acoustic wave. We've made the investments to bring the scale to market which is also important. And one of the things that makes us really comfortable right now and really excited is this move to 5G. The 2G and 3G world, there was a lot of opportunity for players to expand from baseband and try to integrate RF, maybe use CMOS, maybe use another technology but it never really happened. When you go to 5G, the complexity curve goes way up. It is daunting. It is challenging. We're thrilled by the opportunity but it is by no stretch easy. So the leap from baseband to RF is challenging enough, but when you start moving into 4G and now 5G, it's really in the sweet spot of Skyworks. And we've invested a lot of time and energy, and we have the people in our company ready to execute on that agenda.

Sure, Bill, sure. So I would say on the infrastructure side, we noted in the prepared remarks that we are seeing buildouts right now with Nokia, with Ericsson, also with Huawei. So we're delivering some of our MIMO solutions, some of our really complex architectures that we have and switching and filtering and building out the 5G infrastructure. That's ongoing right now. It's still early innings but that infrastructure is rapidly being deployed, and we think there's a very long tail of opportunity here with 5G just starting to roll. So that's on the infrastructure side. If you look at the position in WiFi, we've had a really strong position within broad markets, leveraging WiFi from 11n to ax to now the newest standard WiFi 6. There's, again, a tremendous opportunity -- we named just a few design wins in today's call, but a number of our customers that are upgrading from 11ax to WiFi 6 are coming to us. There's a lot of opportunity there. And the product reach that we have and the customer reach that we have continues to expand. It's home security, it's access points and routers, ring doorbell type application, just a myriad of really slick applications that are empowered by our connectivity solutions. So it's early innings for WiFi 6, but we're a proven player there and we expect to gain.

Sure. Well, we were seeing quite a bit of softness in China in the March quarter, and that's what's read through in the numbers here. And within that, there was also some dynamics of market share shifts with Huawei picking up a little bit more and the Oppo, Vivo, Xaiomi ecosystem being softer. So that's something that we did experience in the March quarter. As we start to look out, we continue to see Huawei being strong, not only in mobile but also in the infrastructure side, and obviously, a much more significant player than some of the smaller smartphone folks. But we are starting to see some gradual pickup in the second-tier players in China in mobile. And if you actually think long, the opportunity with the smaller players is quite impressive because today the content in those accounts is pretty light. But when you move to 5G, there will be unique technologies that are necessary that are absolute musts in a mobile device to basically operate on a 5G network. Therefore the content gains in the smaller accounts could actually be, on a ratio basis, even more impactful than what we have in a customer like Huawei today. So there's a lot to look forward to there, but certainly, the March quarter, China was very tough, very challenging. I think it impacted some -- even the U.S. customers that sold into China. But we're getting through that now and should start to see improving conditions in Q3 and also into the second half.

Yes. They have been working to expand their baseband position. They have a great baseband, there's no question about that. They're trying to move forward in the RF section. There have been a couple of spots where they popped up, but they really haven't really impeded our opportunities. We continue to do very, very well in the mid- to high end. As you know well as a technologist, the complexity in 4G and into 5G now with some of the networks that we're seeing and some of the burdens that we see in the technology builds that we have is just very difficult, unless this is your bread and butter. And we've been working on this for years. We have a great position. We can interoperate with Qualcomm all day long. But in terms of their own RF and trying to move the needle here, I think it's going to be very difficult. We have years and years of experience here working with this. We have the in-house assets and technology. We're building out our arsenal in filtering, and then our ability to integrate with SkyOne and Sky5 and create highly customized, configurable offerings to each one of our customers and the shoulder-to-shoulder engineering work that I mentioned as we go to market I think is quite compelling and some of the main reasons why we do win. So we recognize Qualcomm has an ambition to compete in RF. We're comfortable with where we are, but we'll continue to raise our game and raise our strength to ensure that we lead.

Sure. And following up on the BAW opportunity, Ed, now that we've kind of communicated that more broadly, we are in production right now supporting our BAW capabilities, and we have known design wins that would be similar to -- think of it as a Sky5-like module with BAW technology. It's not going to be a discrete filter. It's going to be a solution. We continue to expand the opportunity set. We're sampling a number of customers across the board. We're continuing to try to expand the reach of our BAW-filtering capability. We've made quite a few investments and spent quite a bit of money investing not only in capacity but also the technology that we need. And we're ready. We're ready. And we're really excited about delivering products in the second half, and we have some really slick opportunities that we're looking at in 2020. So we'll be well positioned, and there should be some evidence of our success here coming soon.

Yes. It's a meaningful part of our business in broad market. We have always been a pretty strong infrastructure player but that market had been slow in the last few years as 4G kind of just lulled along and there wasn't an inflection point. So what we could do, there's a lot of things that we can do. We do high-power amplifiers. We have some antenna arrays and switch arrays that go into the infrastructure space. There's even going to be some opportunity down the road here for millimeter-wave technology which is new, very complex. And we'll participate across the board. We've been a supplier to all the Tier 1s, the Nokia, to Ericsson, even Samsung and Huawei there. So there's a large set of players that we have relationships with, and 5G is going to stimulate -- absolutely stimulate some new revenue opportunities.

Yes. Sure. Well, I will tell you, in Q2 -- you're right, oftentimes, you have a holiday season, a holiday effect in December, a lot of growth. And then some of the U.S. names come down a bit in March in China. Typically, China can go sideways, maybe even up in the March quarter. That's kind of a historical signature. This year, we had a different experience. We had some pretty marked weakness in China broadly. It hit all of the Tier 1s there and also the smaller players. And then also I think the China economy's weakness also impacted some of the larger U.S. companies. So it was an unusual period where there was weakness across the board in that market. We are seeing the business improve in China as we look out into Q3, and we're hopeful we'll get back to normal cycle in the second half. And again, the 5G opportunities and some of the things we talked about already in the call should really stimulate some new demand for us.

Yes. And Craig, let me just also add that if you go a little bit deeper here and look at some of the challenges that we've mentioned with inventory, we're still committed to delivering, and we're right on our free cash flow margin of 29% to 30%. So even with some of the bumpiness here that we endured in Q2, we'll still be able to deliver -- we have expectations to deliver 30% free cash flow margin for the full year.

Yes. I mean we're really not positioned to guide the Q4 and Q1 second half, but we do expect to see the market improve for us. We do know that we have a very strong pipeline of design wins that -- it supports some incredible product for our customers. We're very comfortable with that. We see that. It's coming. It's one of the reasons why the inventory position is where it is, and so we certainly expect the second half to be better than the first half here.

Sure. Yes. We think of 5G as a technology, and then that technology is ported into different applications. So obviously, the smartphone is going to be one of the most compelling, 5G delivering that speed, that data rate, that performance in a smartphone. And there, it's very clear for us to see the incremental content, the necessary building blocks that are required to make that 5G phone work. And then you have the new markets that are being enabled by 5G, things like AR and VI -- AI and VR, machine-to-machine applications, where you're using a 5G signal to operate factories and robots, really cool stuff that hasn't happened yet. So we're starting to see that occur first in the smartphone. We do believe that this is a little bit more of a 2020 to 2021 dynamic. I don't expect the market to see any significant 5G smartphone growth in 2019, but we're really excited about the design wins that we're working on and working with the right customers and seeing their product roadmaps and how we fit in. So there will be a lot of content, a lot of complexity. It's important to have the building blocks, I will say that. The fact that we have the technology in filtering from 700 meg to 6 gig, and even now into the millimeter-wave spectrum, we'll be well positioned. That decades of experience that we talked about is going to be necessary. This is hard stuff. And then having the scale, having the factory assets, the scale and the technology in-house is going to be a differentiator for us. So we look forward to all of that. And I think it's going to be incredible to see the number of applications that are really going to be propelled and powered by 5G technology.

Sure. Yes, we're still very excited about the opportunity that we have organically, and we're heading down that path. But at the same time -- you're right. I mean I'm really pleased with the cash flow generation that we're putting forth as a company, the power that we have available. But we're going to be very discerning when it comes to M&A. I mean that's been a signature of Skyworks for years. It will continue to be. But if the right opportunity comes along, we'll be ready to take advantage.

Right. And Chris, that's a key point. If you really look at the Q2 number for us, we saw the Huawei numbers do okay, but the other smaller players in China have really come down. So some of that was share shift. We do know that Huawei is the most capable, from a technology perspective, if you look at Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and the others. So they're starting -- as the market starts to move towards complexity, they're likely going to outperform their peer group. So that was part of the readthrough in Q2.

Yes, Harsh, this is Liam. Yes, I feel very good about our position in 5G, and there are a lot of challenges. There are a lot of gating factors and gaps and opportunities. And that's what makes it great. It's going to be very, very complex. It's going to call for a set of technologies that's never been put together in the same device before. That's all new. And all of the crosstalk and noise and battle for current will occur in the device. So companies like Skyworks, we're in there now, we're under the hood working with the leaders in the industry to put all this technology together. And I think we've talked about this before. But remember, 5G is an incremental opportunity that overlays 4G and even 3G in a smartphone device. So we got to bring all of that technology into a single form factor and manage the interoperability of that. So there's a great deal of complexity. What helps us is the in-house technologies. We talked about it. We have our own gallium arsenide, our assembly and testing house in Mexicali and our ability to span filtering from low bands all the way up to ultrahigh bands, and then select what is needed customer by customer, depending on what band they're going to roam in, what carriers they want to support and what geographies they're going to live in. So a lot to that. And there'll be plenty of challenges, but that turns out -- that translates into opportunity for us.

Yes. I would say content is going to be a big driver, and that's something that we control. So our focus is on executing on the controllables, and that's bringing the content up and executing on these new technologies that we see in 5G and some other areas. But again, units also have the potential now to move. I don't know if we're going to see a big spike in the second half of this year in units, but I think when 5G starts to pick up, there's going to be a reacceleration in replacement rate. And then you have the double effect of a unit pop and then the unit pop that's going to carry more and more value and content. So that will eventually come together. It may not happen in sync, but that will eventually start to come together for us and the industry.

Well, Murata has always been in the game. The focus more on mid- to low-end stuff in our space. We compete with them all the time. We like our playbook. We like our position. We have not seen them encroach on our low-band pad, and we're moving up now anyways. So our low-band pad is solid, but we're also moving into new categories. Murata has always been around. And they're a good competitor, but we feel very strongly about our position and our ability to defend and grow in the categories we're existing in today.

Yes. No, those are good questions. So kind of 2 parts to that. So we are seeing -- we are actually seeing some nice growth with the European carriers, we are. The European infrastructure players, the Ericssons, the Nokias, for example. And that's been incrementally positive. If we look at millimeter-wave as a category, a great deal of complexity, it is new technology, it's new spectrum, it requires different types of devices to execute. And so that's a bit of a game changer where I think a number of players are working on it but everybody comes to market with a different type of solution. It's not -- I don't think it's a case where the blueprint is the same for every carrier. So I think there's still a lot of work being done competitively to see what's the right implementation of millimeter-wave. There's an infrastructure piece, there's kind of almost a -- what we would call a wide area network type of deployment as well that could be -- think of it as streetlights in a neighborhood delivering millimeter-wave technology. And then eventually, I think further along, there will be some implementations in the smartphone itself. So that's another opportunity for the space that we're in here to see some real TAM growth. The millimeter-wave part I think is out a bit but we are working on it, and it's another element of 5G and could be a pretty, pretty significant driver over the next 3 to 5 years.

Sure. That's a great question. In fact, we do have lumped element and ceramics, by the way. We noted some of that technology in the aerospace and defense comments earlier. But you're right. I mean so in order to deliver across the entire spectrum, we go from 700 megahertz. Today, our technology gets up to about 2.5. We can push it to 6 gig, and then you start to deal with millimeter-wave, which is new technology, in development. We don't have that in production. We have it in development. So there is going to be quite a bit of research and development and execution to make that millimeter-wave spectrum work. Again, there's a lot of great benefits to that technology but it's new. So each supplier is working on it in a different way. We've been a leader in integration on the Skyworks side. So one of the things that's really important to the customer is to have a full solution, not just a piece of silicon. They want to have an integrated systems solution that works for them in their infrastructure side and also on the handheld side. Our ability to reach into our filter portfolio, again, all the way from low bands to ultrahigh bands, leverage our gallium arsenide technology and then the in-house packaging, there's a great deal of complexity in packaging as well in millimeter-wave. We can put all of that together. But we're not going to do that in a mass market approach. We're going to work with each customer and each carrier to make sure that we work in their fashion and hit their schedule, their time lines and their technology nodes because they're very different across the space. So there's a lot to learn in millimeter-wave in the industry right now. It's going to be a big opportunity for the space. We've been making investments over time. We're accelerating our work. We're sampling, and we're continuing to get feedback from the customers that matter, and we look forward again, as I noted, as an opportunity for us over the next few years.

Well, they're totally different devices, different technologies. It's completely different. So the RF technologies that we have, the gallium arsenide technologies that we have are very different than silicon and CMOS. When you look at the complexity today in 4G moving to 5G, it is incredible. And companies that have done nothing but RF, okay, are having a hard, hard time executing in the 5G world. So I think it's going to be challenging for Qualcomm that comes out of the digital baseband side. A great company, but for them to take that leap into 5G, I think, is really going to be a challenge. The market has been around for a long time. Qualcomm has been around for a long time. We had 2G, we had 3G, we had 4G, and we really have not been threatened from them as we've moved along. There's a lot of competition in this space, but we haven't seen the Qualcomm RF threat be significant for us. We respect the company. They have great technology. We've lined up with them in a number of handsets and interoperated with their baseband and delivered compelling end solutions for our customers. But on the RF side, given the complexity that we're seeing right now and the challenges and bringing all this stuff to market in a 5G world, very, very hard. Very, very hard for companies that haven't spent time and energy and years working on that implementation.

Well, thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming conferences. Thank you.