Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks exceeded December quarter expectations driven by a global demand for high-performance connectivity solutions. As our results demonstrate, Skyworks is leveraging decades of experience, scale and vertical integration capabilities, along with our highly advanced Sky5 platform, accelerating the adoption of 5G technology across a broadening set of end markets and customers.
Now looking at the first quarter in more detail. We grew revenues by 8% sequentially to $896 million, produced gross margin of 50.1% and operating margin of 35.2%. We posted earnings per share of $1.68, $0.03 ahead of our guidance and up 11% sequentially. And we generated exceptional operating cash flow, totaling $398 million in the quarter.
At a higher level, Skyworks is ushering in an age of truly ubiquitous connectivity, enabling richer, smarter and more convenient ways to live, work, play and educate. Smartphones are leading this early transition with substantial volumes of 5G-enabled devices shipping this quarter. But more importantly, over time, we expect an incredible unit uptake outside of mobile, where connected devices and things will be measured in tens of billions.
And as we've noted in prior calls, 5G catalyzes new markets from IoT, autonomous transport, artificial intelligence and high-definition streaming media. Currently, in the U.S., there are approximately 8 networked devices per person. A number that is expected to climb to 14 devices by 2022. That represents a 50% increase.
And as a recent example, a higher percentage of U.S. households now subscribe to a streaming media service rather than traditional pay TV. Clearly, our world continues to rely upon seamless, high-speed connectivity, and this trend will only accelerate as 5G adoption grows and novel usage cases emerge.
Recall, 5G is a technology, not a product, not a brand or a slogan. It offers gigabit speeds, ultra-low latency and greatly enhanced network capacity, fueling a wide range of applications while becoming the universal connector.
Skyworks is playing a pivotal role in the deployment of this standard with a rich 20-year heritage in designing and delivering highly integrated and customized system solutions. We have demonstrated technology leadership across a vast set of critical product categories, resolving increasingly complex architectures and preparing our customers for the performance gains demanded in 5G.
As we look ahead, the expanding product pipeline at Skyworks is clearly generating strong design win momentum across both mobile and broad market segments. Specifically, in our mobile business, traction in 5G is gaining strength with our Sky5 platform powering launches at Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and Samsung. Our baseband agnostic solutions offer interoperability and are being deployed across leading chipset suppliers, including MediaTek, Samsung and Qualcomm. And with our expanding filter capabilities in TC SAW and bulk acoustic wave, we help our customers navigate complex challenges while extending our reach across a broader spectrum of 4 and 5G bands.
Moving on to broad markets. At CES, Skyworks announced a unique set of 5G-enabled solutions, including massive MIMO IoT, a suite of connected home devices and high-fidelity smart audio products. Specifically, we are powering rapidly emerging IoT applications with cellular-based platforms certified by KDDI, NTT Docomo, SoftBank and Verizon.
We're driving growth with the launch of our WiFi 6 platforms, expanding our customer reach with industry leaders, including AT&T, Cisco, NETGEAR, ARRIS and Aruba.
We're advancing automotive content with SkyOne in our emerging V2X portfolio and supplying low-power, long-range IoT products at Ring and many others. In the infrastructure space, Skyworks is leveraging its capabilities in silicon germanium, SOI, gallium arsenide, bulk acoustic wave and ceramic filters, while powering 5G MIMO and small cell base station design wins.
In addition, we are gaining momentum in automotive, enabling new wins with leaders like Continental, Nissan and Renault, along with industrial players, including Honeywell, Bosch and GE. As these highlights suggest, we remain focused on driving diversification across high-value segments and markets with more than 2,000 products supporting thousands of customers.
So in summary, Skyworks has decades of connectivity experience across multiple technology transitions, uniquely positioning us to meet the performance demands of 5G. Our portfolio of highly integrated customized connectivity engines bolstered by the early strategic investments we have made, anticipating both the complexity and the immense opportunity across our end markets. And finally, a highly profitable and predictable business model that allows us to invest aggressively while providing consistent returns to our shareholders.
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q1 and our outlook for Q2.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks delivered strong results to start fiscal 2020. Looking ahead, we are in the early innings of a multiyear technology cycle with 5G gaining momentum and the growth of connected people and things continuing to expand. We have invested aggressively ahead of this transition, and we are uniquely positioned with strategic technologies crafted in our own fabs, providing sustainable, competitive advantage. At the same time, through crisp operational execution and a strong business model, we are translating these results into long-term shareholder value.
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the lines for questions.

Sure. Well, the way we're seeing it right now, we believe we're absolutely gaining share in 5G, and the rollouts of these new highly complex phones are exactly what we want to see. We're continuing to gain share with our Sky5 platform. We're doing the very difficult things that we've been talking about in prior calls, really crafting and creating these wonderful devices that are going into 5G-enabled phones. We're seeing that across a number of customers, great position in China with a number of leading players, position at Samsung, and then also with some of the larger players in the U.S. that haven't even launched their 5G phone yet. So there's a lot of positive momentum there. And we feel very upbeat about where we're going in the second half.

Sure, sure, appreciate the question. Well, we really can't get into any specifics around M&A. We're well aware of the opportunity that you just suggested. But at the same time, we are really happy with what we're doing in our organic business, and we see a tremendous opportunity there with 5G now just starting and the momentum in our demand really accelerating. So we feel good about it. But at the same time, we have to look at M&A opportunities. And I'm pleased to say that we have the powder and the cash flow to do deals when deals are necessary. But at this point, we really just can't comment on anything specifically.

Sure. Well, obviously, it's an evolving situation. And we have a really dynamic business today in China with Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and even some of the MediaTek ecosystem supported. Huawei, of course, there's been some limitations in what we can do. As we've said in the past, we can't provide a quarter-by-quarter guidance by customer, but I will say that in the Q1 time frame, Huawei came in a little bit better than we expected, but I will tell you that we are derisking exposure to Huawei in the business. We're still going after the design wins. We're going to do everything we can to gain share when it's available, but we are derisking that in our financial outlook as we go forward. So we want to make sure that, that's clear to the investors.

Sure. Yes. I mean the infrastructure business has been a little bit slow, and I don't think it's changed in terms of its pace, but it's a very necessary element in 5G. And I know some of the players like Ericsson and Nokia are really stepping up right now. Obviously, there's Huawei opportunities in there as well. They have some limitations, but it's obviously an opportunity. So I see the infrastructure space still very vital for us. We do some incredible work there with our MIMO solutions, antenna arrays, some of the filtering that we mentioned, including ceramic filters. So we have a role and we have the necessary role in that area, but I would expect infrastructure to pick up in the second half of the year. It's also a positive margin driver for us across broad markets. We know how to operate in those industries. We have very good relationships with the customers. So we should expect a better climate there in the second half.

Sure. Well, our customers drive that. And our customers want solutions from Skyworks, the integration capabilities that we bring, specifically in 5G where the architectures are substantially more complex than they were in 4G. Integration around solutions, such as our Sky5 platform, are ideal for customers moving into 5G. And I mean, the proof is in the pudding. If you look at the devices today, the 5G devices that are going to market right now, you're going to see that kind of integration from Skyworks. It's not being driven by the chipset provider. That may work in small markets where the customer doesn't have a level of sophistication and they want a turnkey solution all-in, but that's not what we're seeing right now. We're seeing best-in-class solutions, leveraging integration, looking for companies that have their own facilities like us, from filter to gallium arsenide to assembly and test, customizing and crafting a solution. That's how we win. And by the way, we work with every baseband supplier, whether they're a friend or a foe. And we take our lead from the customer, and that's always worked for us.

Oh, really. Okay.

Sure. Well, I mean, just to take a long look, just a little bit of a backdrop here. Understand right now 4G phones are basically driving spectrum from 700 megahertz to about 2.5 to 3 gig, right? So all that action continues in a mobile phone today. And then you add to that with 5G solutions, unique solutions that roam at 5G spectrum, let's say, 3 to 6 gig or 6 gig and higher. That's an incredible opportunity. It's all incremental physical content. And each one of the players in our space looks at it differently. 
What we want to do is capture the maximum opportunity, work with our customers, give them absolute choice on the kind of componentry they want, the markets that they're going to roam in, their current budget, all of these things and then craft an integrated solution for them. So when we say Sky5 is a platform, it's a platform. It could be very different from the largest customer, to a customer in Korea, to customers in China, and that is a unique Skyworks differentiator. And we have the tool sets to do that. Now we've added bulk acoustic wave. We have high capacity in TC SAW. We have standard SAW. We have crafted assembly and test with facilities under our watch, really unique stuff. And that makes a big difference for us. And it broadens the opportunity reach that we have in any given 5G device.

Sure. Yes, no, makes sense, Bill. So I think if you look at broad markets in total, want to give you a little bit more of a broad view here. So we have, first of all, a wide set of protocols to reach for, right? 5G, WiFi 6, Bluetooth, GPS, Zigbee, LoRa, all those are opportunities for us to connect things with our customer. The WiFi 6 now is really gaining momentum. We've got some new strategic design wins that are just coming about in this last quarter and looking into the second half of the year, more ramps with names like AT&T and Cisco and NETGEAR. And we've also done some great work moving into industrial and automotive spaces. So we're securing wins now with Bosch, Honeywell, Siemens, GE. These were not customers 2 or 3 years ago. They were not at all on the playing field for Skyworks.
And now we're also moving in automotive. We've got wins with Continental, BMW, Renault, Nissan and others, so a lot of really cool things. And even some amazing consumer products, we've got some devices now, infant monitoring with Procter & Gamble. Of course, we're lined up with Ring. We've got a lot of product with Amazon. So it's a really rich portfolio that goes from high end to mid tier. But the key for us, Bill, is it levers technology and it levers connectivity. And the fact that we have that broad set of protocols, we can pick and choose with our customer what's the right connectivity protocol to lock into their solution. So we feel really good about that. And we think that, that momentum is going to carry forward for many, many years.

Yes, absolutely. So the 5G momentum, the early momentum in 5G, a lot of that is actually led by the China names. So we have great position in 5G solutions. So this is again 5G. So we still have great 4G position with these accounts, but we're overlaying incremental content in 5G with names like Oppo, Vivo and Xiaomi. So those players, we're very strong. We're doing some good work partnering with chipset providers. MediaTek is one, as an example, in their Phase 7 designs. We've got great position, designed reference position. These are all 5G solutions. And again, early moves with China with those players that I named, but also some really significant moves that we expect later in the year with some of the larger customers as well, where you'll see substantial content gains as well.

Yes, exactly. So we're continuing to have the 4G placement, which is basically kind of backward compatibility. And then UHB bands, n77, n79, unique products there that are incremental that you wouldn't see in a 4G phone, but there'd be incremental dollars that would lay into a 5G phone. And the other point that we've been making here is, and as you know, the more complexity that you have, the more devices that we have physically, we've got to deal with size, we've got to deal with competition for current consumption, coexistence and all the challenges that you get when you put more and more semiconductors together. So our approach with that is to offer that customer the Sky5 platform and configure it in such a way that some of those challenges that one would have in putting together a complex device may be resolved with Skyworks overlaying that into a platform solution. But the incremental comment, it's UHB, it's n77, n79. There's more bands coming out over time. But we're in really good position to capitalize as 5G continues to roll out.

Yes. Yes. So let me try to capture both. So on the MediaTek side, when you're getting to the lower band opportunities, there's a tremendous amount of Skyworks opportunity there with low-band PAD, with DSM, et cetera. So that's the 4G space. When you go to the ultra-high band or mid- and high-band solutions, we recognize that's a challenge, but we're on pace right now to address it. We've done some good work with some UHB opportunities. We do recognize the performance merits with some of the leading players in mid and high band, and we aspire to get there. We're doing the work internally, but we understand that it is going to be a task, it's going to be a challenge, but we have the expertise, growing expertise, engagement with customers. The facilities are important. We've got some facilities here and fab position that will help us. But yes, we're on the path to achieving the highest grade, but we still have a lot of work to do, quite frankly.

Sure. Sure. So let me just be really clear about one thing. The technologies that we have right now, we don't have everything. But the technologies that we have right now in 4G and the new technology that we have in 5G are going to add substantial content to our opportunities, no question about that. So now we're talking about further out in BAW, what else can we do? We've got aspirations to continue to do more, but the things that we're doing now today, leveraging BAW, leveraging Sky5 as a platform, leveraging the incremental content that 5G bands bring are going to be a great, great opportunity for us to step up. And one of the things that's helping us is the complexity. And we keep saying this but it's really important. The technology burden in a 5G device is substantially harder and more difficult to implement, more challenging for the customer and then bring that to market quickly. So there's a lot there.
We are the experts at doing that. That's why we talk about decades of experience. We've been through these transitions. This is one of the harder ones. And that's great for us, and it's great for the top players in the market because we're going to be able to enjoy solving our customers' problems and putting them in a position to win. So we're excited about it. We're going to lever all of our technologies, our TC SAW capability, our packaging technology, bulk acoustic wave, ceramic. But all of these technologies that we have will play a role, but the content opportunity is absolutely there. We've talked about that before in presentations, prepared remarks, but we see meaningful dollars of content opportunity. And some of that will start in the second half of this year.

Yes. Yes. I mean it's difficult to figure out what the natural seasonality is going to be, but we definitely see improving opportunities for us, design wins that have been consummated that haven't yet shipped. And let's also look at where the customers are. One of the largest customers, great customer hasn't put a 5G phone out yet. So that's another thing to think through. So I think there's plenty on the horizon. We're really excited about it. We just delivered a beat and raised Q1 and Q2. I think the broad markets business is going to accelerate. We talked a little bit about that with Kris. The 5G opportunities are right there in front of us. We're executing fully. We're adding capital. And we're really enthused about the opportunities that are in front of us.

Sure. Sure, Chris. Well, a couple of things. This is the first period that we're actually talking about 5G in devices and bringing revenue to the table. So we're early, early innings and we're already seeing some improvements in our numbers, Q1 and Q2. And that's the early part of 5G. And if I were to look at that, a lot of that is China. It's Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, names like that. But we're also seeing ramps coming in with Samsung. I think there's going to be some really nice ramps with one of the larger customers, again, hasn't put a 5G phone out. And the complexity that we see that I've talked about on this call is real, and it's a great opportunity for Skyworks. I mean we're the company that knows how to do the complex things very well. We know mobile. We've been doing this for 20 years. So the transition from 2G to 3G to 4G, talked about that. 5G is much harder. And it's calling upon the resources, our people, our know-how, the facilities, the ability to troubleshoot, all that really good stuff is coming to bear right now and allowing us to win business and allowing our customers to be successful. So there's a lot going on, on that end.
And then the broad market business, the numbers bounce around a little bit, but I can tell you that one of the metrics that we look at is customer acquisition. We want to add customers. We want to add high-class, high-end players, margin-rich customers. And we're doing it. Some of the names that we talked about, Bosch, Raytheon, names like that. Getting into industrial and automotive, working with companies like BMW and Nissan. I mean that's really cool stuff, and it still plays on the connectivity core. And what's really important for Skyworks is connectivity. And we still can lever those technologies and those resources to port into other markets outside of the mobile phone.

Sure. Yes, I don't think that it is going to affect us in any way. In fact, and if they open it up to the public, then it may be an opportunity to have more spectrum and create more opportunities for us to roam, have our devices roam on. But the base case right now doesn't assume any upside from the 3.5 auction on our end, but that's a good question. We'll probably learn more over time, but I don't think there's a negative spin on that on our end. I think we've pretty much positioned 5G and we're very well aligned with the standards boards and where the spectrum is going to be. So we're all over that, but we'll definitely keep our eyes on the opportunity. If there's more spectrum that's added, we'll absolutely be able to develop solutions that will support transmission and communication over that spectrum.

Sure, Harsh. Well, millimeter wave, it's an interesting technology. It's an interesting technology, and it has some benefits. Theoretically, it has tremendous speed and latency opportunities, but at the same time there's some drawbacks. It's expensive. It draws a lot of current. You have line of sight impediments there. So it isn't something that we're seeing today. We're working with all these customers where it's going to be a kind of a standard offer. It may be a great technology for high-density areas, whether college campuses or going into a stadium and you need some really high-speed connection over a short distance that's unimpeded by any objects. It's possible, but there's some challenges. Now over time that could evolve. And maybe there's a way for the technology to evolve and make it cost effective and also performance effective. But right now, it's a little bit out of the aperture. A lot of our customers are not looking at it right now. Some are. We do have some small incremental bets on millimeter wave. And as we've talked about, we have our own fab so we can run some of the technologies that we need to if that starts to blossom. But we talk to our customers, and that's where we get our cues, and we share information about technology, of course, that help them. But at this point, I don't think it's going to be a significant element in 5G, at least for the next year.

No, it's going to be more than -- okay, I'll tell you. It's going to be higher than the 3G to 4G upgrade, that I definitely believe. And again, it's because the content, it's the physical content and the specific devices that are necessary to build the 5G solution. That incremental value is bigger than the incremental value that went from 3G to 4G. That's an absolute fact. Now the question is, who is best positioned to capitalize? We have an incredibly broad reach. We have engagements with all the customers. We have the unique technologies that we've noted, not just for capacity, but as Kris said, technology. So we love that. So we think there's going to be a meaningful multi-dollar opportunity. We've talked about in our presentations maybe $5 to $7 or more incremental from 4G. And then the capture on that is all about how do you execute, how do you provide the best solution to your customer and how you bring that to market on time. So those are the factors. And that's the stuff we love to do. I mean that's the strength of our company.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences during the quarter. Thank you.