Thank you, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Let's begin on Slide 2. Our outstanding discipline and rigorous execution enabled us to meet or exceed guidance for all third quarter metrics amid ongoing supply chain constraints and inflation headwinds. We exceeded the high end of our third quarter adjusted earnings per share guidance range by $0.05. While navigating a challenging backdrop, we delivered organic sales growth of 9% year-over-year or 10% excluding the impact of the wind down of operations in Russia led by strong double-digit growth in our advanced materials, commercial aerospace and building products businesses, a testament to our ongoing resiliency and our rigorous operating principles.
We expanded segment margin by 60 basis points year-over-year to 21.8%, exceeding the high end of our guidance range by 60 basis points, with margin expansion in all 4 segments as we remain ahead of the inflation curve through continued commercial excellence. Excluding the impact of our investment in Quantinuum, the margin expansion was 90 basis points year-over-year.
Our backlog continues to be strong, up 9% year-over-year in the third quarter, led by Aero, PMT and HBT as our demand profile remains robust. Orders were down 1% on a reported basis but up 2% organically year-over-year with Aerospace and PMT orders up double digits, signaling that these end markets continue to be resilient despite the risks of a broader economic recession.
Excluding the impact of blower Intelligrated orders, which we have talked about extensively, orders in the remainder of the portfolio were up 8% reported or 11% organically year-over-year. Our record level 2022 orders in backlog will support our growth trajectory through the fluid operating environment.
Cash was another bright spot with $1.9 billion of free cash flow in the quarter, more than double a year ago, a strong result that leaves us well positioned to deliver our full year free cash flow commitment.
In terms of capital, we deployed $1.2 billion to share repurchases, dividends and capital expenditures. We leveraged the strength of our balance sheet to opportunistically purchase over 2 million shares throughout the quarter, reducing our average share count to 680 million shares and continuing to execute on our commitment to buy back at least $4 billion in share in 2022.
Looking forward, I remain encouraged by the strength we're seeing in many areas of our portfolio as we continue executing our rigorous and proven value creation framework underpinned by our accelerator operating system to drive outstanding shareholder value. I am proud of Honeywell's ability to overdeliver in another quarter amidst a challenging macro backdrop.
Now let's turn to Slide 3 to discuss recent senior leadership additions. In September, we announced that Lucian Boldea will succeed Vimal Kapur as President and Chief Executive Officer of our Performance Materials and Technologies segment, enabling Vimal to transition full-time to his new role as Chief Operating Officer for Honeywell. Lucian joins Honeywell from Eastman Chemical Company, where he led global strategy, business operations and financial performance as Executive Vice President. Lucian began his career at Eastman as a chemist and held a variety of leadership roles at the company.
His diverse global experience building business both organically and inorganically and deep knowledge of the chemical process industry is invaluable for leading PMT, which is in a unique position to enhance sustainable technologies portfolio to help drive the energy transition while also taking advantage of our strong position in traditional energy markets.
We also announced a new addition to our Board of Directors in September. Robin Watson was elected to join the Board as an Independent Director and will serve on our Audit Committee. Robin currently is an advisory consultant for Wood Group, where he was CEO from 2016 to 2022. During his time as CEO, Robin led the transformation of Wood from an oil field services company into an integrated engineering and consultancy company spanning a variety of growing end markets and geographies. He has extensive industry experience, including in sustainable technologies such as carbon capture and hydrogen. Robin's perspective will be instrumental as we further advance Honeywell's leadership in the energy transition and broader ESG transformation.
We're shocked and saddened to learn that our Board member and friend, George Paz, passed away on Sunday, October 23. He has provided invaluable contributions to our company over the last 14 years. His perspective, tenacity and friendship will be greatly missed and of course, our heartfelt and deepest condolences are with this family.
As part of his Board service, George was Chair of our Audit Committee. Scott Davis, our Lead Director, will serve as the interim Chair of the Audit Committee of the Honeywell Board until his successor is named.
Next, let me turn to Slide 4 to discuss our other exciting recent announcements. Earlier this month, we announced a new innovative ethanol-to-jet fuel processing technology that allows producers to convert ethanol-based feedstock to sustainable aviation fuel. The aviation industry is challenged by limited supplies of traditional feedstocks and ethanol offers producers a widely available, economically viable new feedstock. Depending on the type of ethanol feedstock used, Honeywell's ETJ process can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80% on a total life cycle basis compared to petroleum-based fuel.
In addition, we opened 2 separate capacity expansions for our Solstice business this quarter. We recently opened the first large-scale manufacturing site for Solstice Air, a near-zero global warming potential medical propellant for use in respiratory inhalers. Solstice Air technology is up to 99.9% less GWP than propellants currently used in inhaled respiratory medicine. AstraZeneca is currently working to incorporate our Solstice Air technology into their full inhaler portfolio pending regulatory approval.
Elsewhere in our Solstice portfolio, we opened a plant in India, which has begun manufacturing our Solstice zd solution, which has uses in blowing agents for foam insulation and refrigeration liquid for chillers.
Finally, last week, we published our first quarterly Environmental Sustainability Index, a global report showing sustainability decision makers' sentiment on progress, year ahead plans and meeting 2030 goals. 2/3 of the S&P 500 have set emissions reductions targets of some kind, and the index sheds light on past progress and future expectations towards these goals. For a long history of achievements of sustainability, Honeywell's unique position to provide this free public service. The initial survey found that approximately 97% of organizations plan to increase current year budgets in at least one sustainability category, and Honeywell remains committed to helping our customers achieve their sustainability goals.
Now let me turn it over to Vimal on Slide 5 to discuss our third quarter operating performance in more detail.

Thank you, Greg. Let's turn to Slide 9 and talk more about the aspirational approach we are taking to our ESG commitments. ESG is more than just an initiative for Honeywell. It is a common thread that ties our businesses together and helps us shape the future of the company.
At a corporate level, we have set aggressive targets to reduce our impact and protect the environment. We've reduced our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by over 90% since 2004. Committed to set a target for Scope 3 emissions with the Science Based Targets initiative, we have pledged to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations by 2035. Our world-class manufacturing sites go above and beyond our own strict requirements with 17 sites achieving ISO 50001, the global energy management standard for establishing, implementing, maintaining and improving energy management. In this segment, a broad portfolio of ESG solutions help our customers lower their environmental impacts as well.
We're driving the next evolution of energy through sustainable aviation fuel, both through traditional renewable feedstocks using our Ecofining process technology and now with ethanol feedstocks using our new ETJ process technology, reducing emissions at manufacturing sites and improving worker safety with gas cloud imaging technology that can quickly identify leaks.
We're supporting the circular economy through our Honeywell Aerospace trading business, which takes retired planes and recycles used parts, reducing landfill volumes and providing quality certified parts to customers. We're improving occupant well-being, and energy efficiency in office buildings for our innovative indoor air quality offerings.
You can find out more information about Honeywell's environmental impact reduction and innovations in ESG technologies through our recently published 2022 ESG report, which is available on our Honeywell Investor Relations website.
Now let's turn to Slide 10 for some closing thoughts before we move into Q&A. We're executing on our value creation framework with the rigor you can expect from Honeywell. We met or exceeded our third quarter guidance for all metrics despite ongoing external difficulties, and we raised the midpoint of our full year organic sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance as well as increased our segment margin range, fully absorbing a series of higher-than-previously anticipated negative impacts, including FX.
I am encouraged by the strength we are seeing in many areas of our portfolio, and I remain steadfast regarding our ability to deliver differentiated results in 2023 and through this cycle. Thank you to my Honeywell colleagues for your unwavering drive to deliver in this challenging environment.
With that, Sean, let's move to Q&A.

Yes. And maybe just to add a couple of things, Steve. I think Aero has done a great job expanding margins in a very difficult environment. And frankly, they have the toughest pricing environment out of any of our businesses. So they've done a great job.
As we look forward to next year, there's a lot of puts and takes. I mean the mix will get tougher, some credits that we have to issue. So the OE growth is not obviously a favorable mix scenario. Now to offset that, the miles traveled in the aftermarket business, we don't expect as robust air miles next year as we do this year. However, it's offset by the fact that we do expect more wide-body miles next year. And as you know, the aftermarket opportunity of wide-bodies to narrow-bodies are roughly 3:1.
So all in all, we expect a solid year. The backlog at all-time records continues to grow. I think Aero is positioned for a great year in '23.

Yes. I mean I think it's too early. We're certainly not changing our long-term target. If anything, next year will be helpful to get into our long-term target. I think we've signaled some of the softness in the warehouse automation, and I do think '22 will be the bottom, and the business will grow from that going forward and show good margin expansion in '23. Exactly what it's going to be is difficult to tell at this point, but we're certainly not changing [indiscernible].

So let me maybe kind of start with the first one and I'll turn over to Greg for the second one. On the first one, I mean, the short answer is a little bit of both as we do think sort of the valuation is becoming much more appealing, which is driving an improved pipeline, which is driving more activity. Now I think reality does have to set in with sellers because obviously, everybody wants to value their business what it was 12 months ago, not what it is today. So sort of we're kind of fighting some tailwinds and headwinds.
I don't think the environment is going to dramatically change in the next 3 to 6 months in terms of valuation. So that's why we think '23 could be still a very appealing environment. We're trying to and we are improving our pipeline. And I can tell you that we're out there, but we also have to acquire properties at the right value point, particularly given today's environment and uncertainty.
I'll just tee up the second one. And I'll turn it over to Greg. I mean, yes, the pension headwinds will be substantially higher than they are this year. Whether or not we do more restructuring is a TBD item, frankly. But I just want to emphasize something. We have an overfunded pension plan. We don't anticipate any cash contributions no matter what happens. And this is a bit of kind of a nothing item. So that's sort of -- I just want to put in the right context.

And one last comment here, Jeff. As you noticed in sort of our outline for Q4 and the year, we're going to be at the upper end of our repo number that we provided for guidance, which means we're really preparing the business for sort of a little bit rougher environment in some of our businesses, not all of them because I think Aero and PMT, I think they're well positioned. HBT will do okay, and we've got some challenges that we talked about in SPS.
So we're basically doing a lot of that kind of work ahead of time, and we're pulling in a lot of our restructuring activity to 2022. Q4 will be a robust quarter, and that's all meant to position the business for a strong '23.

Yes. I think I'll answer your second one first, which is we -- it's really too early to tell, Julian. I think we're going to work through that. I think all I can tell you is we're going to expand [ margins. ] That, you can count on. How much? Unfortunately, you're probably going to have to wait until the end of January or early February, whenever we issue our Q4 results and guidance for '23.
On your former question, I just would like to point out a couple of things. If you exclude the impact of Intelligrated, and Intelligrated was a very big bookings quarter last year, it's high single-digit growth for bookings. So just keep that in mind. So I'm actually pretty happy with the outcome. That's a strong outcome. And it's still up low single digits, inclusive of Intelligrated. So I think that's a good outcome.
As I look at sort of regions and so on, as you would have expected, China was a little bit softer in Q3. There were some spots in Europe on the bookings that were softer, particularly in HBT, not a big shock. Those were a couple of soft spots. On the flip side, North America was strong. Middle East was strong. There was kind of a balanced mix, some puts and takes. Really nothing dramatically different than our expectations [ however. ]
Warehouse automation, we expected to be down. It was. We expected North America to be strong. It was. We expected some soft spots in Europe. There were. So all in all, generally pleased with not just the revenue outcome, but really the orders outcome as well.

Yes. And I would just add, the algorithm going forward is probably going to be a bit different. I mean as we look into '23, we're probably not going to enjoy this much of a change from price and we'll probably keep -- probably [ until ] Q3. Q4 still we expect to be relatively strong. But the algorithm kind of changes in '23. I mean Q4 will probably gain some very, very modest volume leverage, that's what we're counting on, and much more volume leverage next year, and probably a little bit less from price. So kind of how we make the year and how we grow margin expansion for '23 is going to be different.
That's -- the supply chain has been frustrating, but it is slowly improving. I mean we dropped our past due backlog in HBT, SPS, PMT, granted in Aero, it's a bit of a tougher problem. But even if you look at Aero and if you look at our output in Q3, it was actually up slightly versus Q2. And normally, I'm kind of -- if you take a look at the averages over the last 5 years, Q3 output is about 4% to 5% lower than Q2. So there is some incremental benefit coming through in the supply chain. And we expect that to continue. So our algorithm for value creations will be different next year.

Yes. So let me kind of unpack both of those. Unfortunately, there's no simple rubric that I can give you for defense and space because we have...

Yes, because we have such a broad scenario. And I think if you look at programs like hypersonics, T55, those are some of the helicopter engine programs. Those are obviously all good for us. You've got to remember, there's -- this obviously wasn't our best quarter in terms of defense and space. But we do think this is the bottom. Our backlog went up, and it went up substantially. Our orders were up high single digits in defense and space. And we actually think that this is the trough, and we expect growth in defense and space for '23, if you want some early color on that.
So we've kind of seen -- we've seen a bit of a turn in the corner in terms of defense and space. Our long-cycle backlog was up double digits this quarter. So we're kind of optimistic in terms of what's going to happen in defense and space going forward. It's obviously been a disappointment this year or year-to-date, but we really believe this is the bottom.
On the R&D tax credits, until we see them, we're not going to call it. As you know, we've been probably the only, or at least one of the very few companies that took that out of our cash outlook at the initial consensus back in January. I mean that hurt us to the tune of $400 million. We've stuck with that, and we've proven to be right so far.
Now what's going to happen in the lame duck session in November and December? I think that's, frankly, anybody's guess. And anybody that thinks that now it's going to get through, I don't know. I think -- I personally think it's a coin flip. It could go either way. We certainly hope it does. But if it does, our cash outlook for '22 is going to look a lot better. So that's kind of where we are.

Yes. So for SPS, I mean, I think the PS' portion, it's been softer. That's -- we're lapping some very, very difficult comps. We [ had been ] sort of record volumes and orders in Q3 last year, nothing unexpected. It's probably a little bit better than the market. And it sort of dialed into our algorithm going forward.
What I will tell you is that our backlog is still relatively strong. I mean granted we've liberated some of that, but our backlog is still at an elevated position. The other thing I would tell, which was also a good sign, is that sort of the channel inventory days of supply in North America actually dropped in Q3, which is always a good sign. So all in all, it wasn't the most robust quarter there, but not different than our expectations.

Yes. Let me maybe start with the second question because that one -- yes, I mean, the short answer is that the market is not particularly receptive to plays like Quantinuum right now. So when we will do something there really depends on the condition of the stock market. I mean, look, the stock market is not having a great year. We all know that. But it's -- that's not going to stay that way forever. So I don't know that I would necessarily back off some kind of an 18-month time frame where we might do something with -- different with Quantinuum. So -- because I do think the market is going to get better.
I mean we're in a tough environment. We believe the market is 6 months ahead of the economy. We do expect the market to get better going forward, and the plan for Quantinuum hasn't changed. So I guess that's the short story. And I think within an 18-month time frame from now, I'd still think that, that's very much doable in terms of doing something different with that business. So I hope that fully -- that answers that question. What was your other question?

I would just say that probably the sweet spot for us continues to be sort of in that $1 billion to $5 billion purchase price. We're not wedded to it. I mean one of the things that -- and I mentioned this on the prior earnings call, is that I probably would stay away from sort of the tiny deals unless something is very, very, very strategic because it takes up a lot of energy, and I'm not sure it moves the needle. So I think we're going to be probably inching up in terms of the size of the deal. I never say that megadeals are impossible, but they're probably not likely.

Yes. And I think you see it in our outlook for next year. We expect to grow free cash flow next year, roughly -- sort of roughly in line with EPS, excluding the impact of pension, which is going to be a major headwind. So -- and I think if you look at our performance this year, we are still retaining our original free cash flow despite substantial headwinds.
But I think that this is a really important point that I would like to just emphasize because I think we're one of the few, if not the only company out there that hasn't actually taken the free cash flow number down for the year. And we faced some substantial headwinds this year.
I mean if you think about just since our consensus, since our outlook call in January, we got about $0.15 in EPS between Russia and impact of FX on EPS and about -- on a year-over-year basis, about 1 point -- over $1 billion of revenue headwinds. So -- and on a year-over-year basis, EPS impact between Russia and FX is closer to $0.30. So I think what we really need to be talking about is how much we're actually raising our outlook for the year, not that we're maintaining. And I don't know that, that's widely understood. And I think it is differentiated.

Yes. I mean you're right. I mean there was a tiny tick downwards in our past due backlog. It went down in PMT, HBT and SPS but went up -- it was offset in Aero. And we are seeing some improvement in the supply chain in those 3 segments. But unfortunately, we -- when you combine robust order rates in Aero, there's some substantial issues in aero supply chain. Aero went up and went up substantially.
So I think lead times are still long. They're getting better, especially in SPS and HBT. And frankly, the big unlock for Aero as we look to '23 is actually labor. And not labor for Honeywell because we actually have labor, but from some of the Tier 3, Tier 4 suppliers. And if there is a recessionary environment in '23, that actually may be not helpful for the aerospace industry in terms of labor. So that's -- hopefully, that helps.

Thank you. I want to thank our shareholders for your ongoing support. We delivered a strong third quarter results and continue to navigate effectively through multiple uncertainties with the typical level of operational rigor and agility you've come to expect from Honeywell, enabling us to drive superior shareholder returns. Thank you all for listening, and please stay safe and healthy.