Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Despite a challenging macro backdrop, I am pleased to report that Skyworks delivered record second quarter results, with double-digit year-over-year growth both revenue and earnings per share. We continue to benefit from a broad and diverse product portfolio. And with an expanding set of customers in high-growth markets, we are well positioned to outperform in the current environment. .
Looking at the quarter in more detail. We delivered record Q2 revenue of $1.34 billion, above consensus and up 14% compared to last year, highlighting both our growing content within Tier 1 mobile and the increasing diversification of our customer base and technology reach. In fact, our broad market revenue rose to a record $523 million in the quarter, up 10% sequentially and 36% year-over-year. 
In addition, we continue to drive solid profit margins, exceptional cash flow and consistent cash returns. We achieved gross margin of 51.2% and operating margin of 36.8%. We posted earnings per share of $2.63, up 11% year-over-year. We generated operating cash flow of $393 million, and we returned $509 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
Our strong results this quarter were driven by a vast expansion of use cases from content-rich smartphones to complex IoT devices, to innovative solutions for the automotive markets, industrial and infrastructure. Specifically in mobile, we supported the top 5 OEMs with our Sky5 architectures, including flagship models from Google, Samsung and other Tier 1s. In parallel, we leverage our in-house temperature compensated SAW, BAW and gallium arsenide technologies, to extend the reach across further content opportunities in 5G. 
In Enterprise and IoT, we powered Comcast's latest WiFi 6 residential gateways, partnered with T-Mobile for their integrated 5G fixed wireless access service. We debuted the industry's first WiFi 6E gaming router featuring ultrafast quad-band performance. And we embedded Sky5 technology in rugged mobile computing devices for industrial-grade factory automation. 
In automotive, we are executing on our vision to lead the global transition while accelerating the shift to electrification trends that pave the way for cleaner and more efficient autonomous transport. Over the past quarter, we enabled next-generation wireless technologies across multiple leading OEMs. Further, our power isolation portfolio continue to gain momentum, with the global EV market leaders. And finally, in infrastructure and in Industrial. We captured milestone design wins at Tier 1 equipment and service providers for 5G macro and small cell deployments. We ramped high-performance clock solutions at used network systems, supporting LEO satellite networking, and we extended the reach of our cutting-edge timing portfolio across the leading fiber backhaul and data center equipment providers. 
Moving forward, ubiquitous connectivity, cloud computing and the massive shift to EV are fundamentally reshaping the way we live. As complexity intensifies, with billions of intelligent edge compute nodes that demand for high-speed ultra-reliable, low-latency solutions is accelerating. Skyworks is uniquely positioned to engineer and seamlessly integrate these advancements to increasingly smaller, more efficient form factors, purpose-built and customized for specific end markets and applications. 
Lastly, our business aperture and market reach have never been broader as we scale investments in core and new technologies. We are pioneering the breakthroughs in RF, signal processing, power isolation, timing, audio, among others, propelling our diversification and growth into the future. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Kris.

Thanks, Kris. Despite macro headwinds and supply chain disruptions, Skyworks remains squarely focused on delivering above-market growth across a diversified set of applications and end markets. Capitalizing on in-house technologies, scale and strategic customer relationships, we look forward to generating continued increases in revenue, earnings, profitability and free cash flow. 
Finally, our efficient balance sheet and consistent cash generation provide a formidable platform for long-term growth as we invest for the future and deliver premium returns to our shareholders. 
Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Open the lines for questions.

Sure, Chris. Clearly, there's been some disruption around COVID and specifically in China. It happens to be a very, very strategic for back-end assembly and test for a number of our customers, including some of the bigger ones. So for the most part, that's where the inflection was, trying to manage through that dynamic with pretty stark lockdowns and operational sites. 
So for Skyworks, obviously, the things that we do internally, we're continuing to execute with our filtering technology, our gallium arsenide, our in-house assembly. But again, it all comes down to your customer set. So we're doing the work today with some great companies, helping everybody get back on track in terms of demand. 
It is not a lack of demand issue at all. It really is a supply chain issue and every company has their own elements, whether it's at chip level or it's at the back end assembly test. So that's kind of what's going on. We certainly think that this is going to abate as we go forward. It's not a long-term issue. We have great partnerships with the customers that we're leaning into. We're helping them, and we expect things to get a lot better as we get through the next few months.

Yes. So I mean, overall market, as Kris mentioned, I'm going to get to mobile in a second. But really, we're also really excited about what we're doing in broad markets and the numbers we just reiterated $523 million in the quarter with a lot of momentum going forward. 
So just on the broad market story, things are looking very strong, very diverse, new customers, new end markets and growth in technology. So that's one important lever. On the mobile side, we're actually continuing to do very well. We were somewhat surprised that the continued COVID restrictions came down. It's not a case, honestly, where there's a demand issue. 
This is really about supply chain. We know the customers that we're working with, and we're extremely close in terms of the dynamics of where products need to be and when they need to be there. we feel very good about that, and that will drive our business forward into the second half on the mobile end. We also have made incredible strides with Samsung.
And there's a customer that -- they're a great company, but we haven't done that much with them. A lot of it had to do with just technology. We're trying to go a high end and a lot of the opportunities there were a little bit more lower market. And we now moved up big time within that account. And so we have 3 of the most important companies in mobile right now, all with very good share and outlooks going into the second half of the year around new technologies and more around 5G, but also a lot of things that are coming up in the IoT side, looking at things even in WiFi that have all really stepped up. 
So we feel really good about the business right now. These lockdowns came in a little bit late for us. And so it was a bit of a surprise, but we wanted to do the appropriate thing and reflect that in our guidance, but we feel very good about the second half of the year. We know the products that we've designed into. We know what our content looks like. And we're looking forward to fulfill that demand when sky is clear a little bit and demonstrate that through earnings.

Yes, no, great question. So there's 2 elements. One is China itself, the geography. And that has -- so what we're dealing with now is more around China, the workforce, the assembly and test, the back end, all of that where there's been tremendous -- it doesn't matter whether it's a smartphone or whether it's an IoT device, right? So the lockdown issues are more around issues in China, COVID related. And that is a blanketed type of thing around technology. That's one. 
On the other side, we've consolidated our China business right now is really pushed by the higher end players. They're not necessarily the China brands. We have exposure with OBX, of course, but we are growing our business with the higher-end brands within China. So companies that may be in the U.S. that are doing really well in China or companies that are maybe have great technology in Korea and they're sold into China. So it's really about where the products land from a geographic perspective. But I will tell you, in all of those 3 companies, the major top 3 in mobile, we're gaining share, we're producing unique content. 
We really like our position. And some of the lower-end brands quite frankly, are rolling off a little bit for us, and it's not really the business that we're interested in, but we're growing and gaining share and gaining value with the top players. So that's kind of how it shakes out. 
So it's a geographical issue, with COVID and then also looking at the elements of each of the mobile players in how we address those. So -- and honestly, the playbook that we have right now is working very well. We'll get through this bump here, around COVID in China, and things look very good from there. And we know the partners that we have are counting on us in terms of their execution as well. So it's a good spot to be in.

So I mean, we've effectively derisked that low end market at this point and driving our attention and our content to higher value, higher margin players.

Yes. No, it's not a lead time thing. I think right now, we've -- quite frankly, if we could execute the full bill of materials on the end products, our numbers would be higher. I mean we -- in often cases, we've got a little bit ahead of the end market with our technology. But you have to stay in pace, right? You have to stay in the lane with your customer because ultimately, these devices that we're working on, whether they're IoT, whether they're automotive, whether they're mobile, right, they're complex, very, very complex goals of materials. And those builds of materials have to be 100% on point and working in perfect harmony when they get shipped. 
So what you see in this industry now is a lot of complexity, a lot of exposure in companies that did not invest, which is much harder. But the ability for us to kind of weave through some of those bumps around supply chain, I think it has been a -- it's not easy. It's not something that we wish for, but it tends to be an opportunity for us to outperform given our own operational levers here inside the building, all the way from, again, gallium arsenide do assembly and test a bulk acoustic wave for temperature compensated. So all the elements are there. So it's a little choppy there, but the demand is absolutely viable. It's just about getting these products together integrated in a seamless way and get the technology delivered to the end market.

Yes. Excellent. I'm really glad you asked that question. So at a very high level, the transaction with the I&A portfolio has been great. I mean we are really excited. It's doing better than we expected. And it's also had to endorse some supply chain issues because they're more granular around outsourced fabless players. But the great news is actually -- literally, line-by-line, you just mentioned are things that we're working hard on. 
Timing is a very, very interesting, attractive market and there's not many players that are going after it. The portfolio within I&A is very strong. It's very capable. It's got a great technology edge. And what we really need is for those great things to be matched up with significant powerhouses the industry companies that can scale with it. So we're working on that. 
Again, the technology is there. This is about taking devices and technologies that already been honed in and have been diversified tremendously, but we also need to get scale, right? So we're working on that, making good strides, teams doing well. Isolation -- power isolation, specifically in automotive is a big, big market. And here again, leveraging some of the relationships that we have at Skyworks and some of the scale opportunities that we can bring to end customers, we're making really good progress on that end. 
Data center is another market that they have, supercool technology and just need more muscle to try to get it out more sales folks, more marketing people, more people, boots on the ground, leveraging customers that we already have, great customers that can put tremendous scale and have those customers meet the technologies that were in the I&A portfolio. So we're really excited about it. 
I think Kris mentioned it already. We're ahead of our expectations so far, early innings, but I really, really feel great about that deal and the team really driving behind it. So look forward to more things on that end. But again, broad markets at a high level. These are big numbers we're talking about now. We just -- we put over a $500 million print. 
We're creating tremendous diversification. It's a $2 billion run rate. This is not Skyworks 3 years ago. We were at 3.3% in 2020. We're in the mid- $5.6 billion level now with a much more diversified portfolio. So we're looking forward to reflecting that in our valuation and delighting our customers.

Yes. I mean on the modem side, the baseband processor, we don't make that product, but we have technologies that will wrap around just about anybody's baseband, whether it's friend or foe. So we're agnostic to that. And our customers are really going to make the decisions that they need to make to get the best performance. 
So you could very well see a high-content device populated with a lot of very unique Skyworks that are all in-house, custom crafted, not fabless, done in-house in our building, in our factories with people that live and breathe wireless. And those same applications could have a baseband from Qualcomm or someone else. So we live with that all the time. But the interesting thing is with baseband, you've got a single kind of monolithic high-performance device,  when you think about what's happening in a mobile phone today as we move into 5G and beyond, the number of connected things, the content, the size of the semiconductor devices thinking about filtering all the way from TC-SAW to bulk acoustic wave, leveraging gallium arsenide. 
There's a lot of complexity. And it's not done by any one company. So I think if you look at the number of nodes that we address within mobile, it's really, really high and diverse. So there are some cornerstone pieces, of course, in every device. But our solutions are gaining a lot of share and the flexibility that we have, given that in-house fabrication and assembly and test and in-house filtering. 
So we can do a lot of things that are a little more crack unique customer-centric approach, I would say -- and it served us well. So there's room for more than 1 or 2 players in a high-end mobile device, but we feel really good about it. And I will say that we've been in this industry -- I've been this in a long time, and I'm really excited about the appreciation that our customers see and the technology that we can bring. 
And it's actually very clearly demonstrated with the leading brands. And oftentimes, the mid-tier players, they want to get better, they want their technology better, and they come to us to try to help them make that leap. So we feel good about that side.

Sure. Yes. No, we are excited about the opportunity, and we feel really good about the design win positions that we have with strategic customers, some products haven't yet been taken to market, but they're ready. We are seeing more and more complexity in mobile device. A lot of opportunities still to grow, and our conviction is to continue to gain share and gain content, and I feel quite positive that, that will happen again in different ways and also with more specific devices which is good. So that feels really good. 
And as we go forward, there's just a lot of other tools here that we're working. Our bulk acoustic wave technology is growing. It is continuing to hit higher and higher levels of performance and gaining value in some of the Tier 1 players with multiple Tier 1 players right now. 
So there's a lot more to go on that end. We're still doing a great job on the broad market side. We talked about the numbers here, we're over 500 million clicks. And a lot of that technology as you know, that can be transferred. You could have a 5G engine that can go into a data center if you go into a mobile phone, it could go into an IoT device. So we really want to be the universal connector there around 5G and related technologies supporting multiple end applications.

Yes. No, that's a good question. And I know you seek this follow-through. So we've always been a partner with Samsung, but it had been challenging to sort of leap into the richer and more complex, more powerful connectivity modules and nodes I'm just doing a lot of really good work, shoulder-to-shoulder work engineer to engineer work with our team and the folks at Samsung to try to develop a more powerful solution that really demonstrates all these wonderful things that we can do with 5G. 
And so fortunately, our engineering teams and the know-how that we drop to market in other areas allowed us to do a great partnership job with the #2 player out there, and it's awesome. And it's not a one single -- one-trick-pony deal at all. I mean there's a lot of room here for us to go -- there's a lot of complexity that hasn't been resolved. We love that, and the value opportunity for us is going to be very strong. So we're really excited about it, quite frankly. I know we already talked a little bit about that in the call itself. But we're working with the top-tier players and the flexible customer-first approach, purpose-built technology is the way to go. We're not really focusing on year. We're leveraging high-performing assets, most of those being procured and delivered right out of our own factory. So we're excited about it. 
And those mid- to premium players love it. They want to see that. They want to see trust want to know where the products are being built. They want to have a decision on it and a voice and all that stuff is going well. So we think there's more to go. And we're pleased with Samsung, of course, coming into 10%, but there's still a lot of room for everybody else.

Yes. I mean given where the valuation is right now, obviously, we're all over that. As Kris said, there's room for more, and I'm glad we did what we did so far. But if more needs to be done, we can absolutely do it. The cash flow engine is very strong. The business is very solid. And we think as we go forward, more and more, that's going to come through here in the numbers.

Okay. All right, Harsh. I'll try to start from the beginning here. Well, certainly, the China situation, there's a lot of factors, right? I mean, the overarching factor right now is really just the final stages of assembly and test, where you see Foxconn, Pegatron -- that is -- China is where the lion's share of technology assembly and test and outbound, it's the biggest hub in the world. So many, many companies go through that hub, in multiple factories, multiple technologies. So that's just -- that is a macro China situation that I think will get better. There's not too much we can do right now. And therefore, we had to lower guidance based on the risk and conservatively take our numbers down. 
But if you look at where we see things coming out, the appetite for the technology is still very, very robust. This is not -- I don't think that it's going to be a major, major hit to the industry at all. I think we're going to get through it. It's well understood. We know the parts of the equation that we manage our teams are all over technologies. Our fabs are working great. Our filter fabs are up and running. We're doing well here on the COVID side in the U.S., of course, you know that. But there's still some bumps. 
And I think that those bumps will be smoothed out in a matter of months. And we'll do everything we can to make that happen. And meanwhile, we've also within China have kind of stepped up a little bit more towards the mid- to higher end tier within mobile in China. So we're starting to see a little bit more consumption in China, but not necessarily with the China brands. 
So some of the China brands are rolling off a little bit, some of the major brands, the top 3 are actually gaining. And that's been a very important vector for us and it's something that we anticipated where the smaller companies really need to step up and do more or they're going to follow by the wayside top 3 majors are going to continue to drive. So that's a dynamic that is in play. And that's actually positive for us, quite frankly, because we're seeing more and more names like a Samsung that are stepping up and driving technology and working with Skyworks and others to try to really make that happen. So that's a positive for us rather than how do we make a lower cost bill of materials. 
And then your last comment with respect to largest customers generically here? So I'll just say this, we have a very powerful relationship with very strategic customers, and we respect that every day. It is extremely important. It's not just the people side, which is great. It's also the technology and operation and the trust and the execution. And that comes with great people, but also comes with investments in the assets and know-how around the portfolio and understanding the nuances between the carriers and the manufacturers and all of the drill systems that we work with. And the way that works is it's a partnership where we can provide great technology to make our customers better. That's the initiative, that's what we want to be able to do. And we've been able to do that with some really important high bar players, and we love it. And I don't think that's going to change. 
And with respect to modem changes, not going to be a problem. We've worked with top-tier customers with Qualcomm on the modem, with Intel on the modem, with MediaTek on the modem that we're agnostic, and we have to be. We would not be able to run the business the way we do if we didn't have that flexibility, and we've talked a little bit about that before, but just to reiterate, Skyworks' ability solder shoulder, engineer to engineer, we know how to solve problems. We know how to create success with our customers and that's the culture of our business. So that's not going to change. But I appreciate that was actually a good question just to really kind of cover some of the nuances around the real dynamics behind the technology, and we don't take any of that for granted. And every day, we just want to make our customers happier.

Thank you all for participating in today's call. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you.