Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered another record quarter with strong year-over-year growth in revenue, margins and earnings per share for Q2. We continue to leverage our expansive technology reach and deep customer engagements, spanning both mobile and broad markets to capture the exploding demand for connectivity. 
And with our planned acquisition of the infrastructure and automotive business of Silicon Labs, we expect to accelerate that momentum further. Here are a few highlights in the quarter. We delivered revenue of $1.17 billion, 53% above Q2 of last year. Our broad markets portfolio generated record revenue of $385 million, 67% growth over the same period last year. We posted a new Q2 record for earnings per share of $2.37, representing a year-over-year increase of 77% and demonstrating strong operating leverage. 
Importantly, we drove $616 million in operating cash flow, a quarterly record -- a new quarterly record for the company. Looking ahead, the technology bar has never been higher as billions of daily interactions move online, spawning a growing set of use cases from remote work, virtual education, touchless commerce, cognitive audio, machine-to-machine communication and autonomous transport. These advances rely on radical upgrades in speed, latency and reliability with comparable requirements for power efficiency and smaller form factors. 
For nearly 2 decades, Skyworks has prepared for this opportunity, investing in innovative technologies, human capital and manufacturing infrastructure, positioning us to capitalize on the secular global transition. Notably, our strong cash generation fortifies our ability to fund deep investments in technology, fabs and manufacturing scale. Further, our proven and flexible model is squarely aligned with the complex demands of our customers. Our demonstrated operational expertise allowed us to drive yet another strong quarter of design win execution. 
In mobile, we expanded the reach of our Sky5 portfolio across premium and mid-tier 5G smartphone launches at Samsung, Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and other leading OEMs. 
In the IoT space, we secured wins across a diverse set of customers. Specifically, we partnered with NETGEAR to deploy Wi-Fi 6 and 6E routers, launched Wi-Fi 6 gateways at Deutsche Telekom, Nokia and Altice, shipped home security solutions to Xfinity, capture design wins with Google Nest, and we delivered low latency cognitive audio systems powering wireless gaming headsets at Microsoft and Sony. 
Moving to the industrial space. We delivered IoT modules to Quectel and Gemalto, in an infrastructure, we leveraged our wireless portfolio to deploy MIMO base stations with Nokia and Ericsson. 
And finally, in automotive, we ramped telematics and driver assist platforms with Volkswagen, LG and GM OnStar. Moving forward, we see a multiyear technological -- technology evolution with our aperture widening from smartphones, industrial to automotive to an expanding set of IoT devices. Today, we support a global network that extends to over 20 billion interconnected devices, spanning a new class of ecosystems from autonomous transport to smart cities and robotics. 
Skyworks is fueling this dramatic shift with our unique capabilities, integrating not only 5G, but other critical protocols, including high-performance Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and precision GPS. 
Finally, Skyworks is well positioned to win with deep customer relationships established over 20 years, experience across multiple technology transitions, a technically seasoned and talented workforce and an efficient cash flow engine that funds a pipeline of market leading solutions, while providing strong returns to our shareholders. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q2 and our outlook for Q3.

Thanks, Kris. Skyworks is on track to deliver record results for fiscal 2021, clearly demonstrating the value of our technologies as we address an increasingly broader landscape of impactful customers and applications. Further, the pending acquisition of the I&A business fits squarely with our strategic priorities to expand our market reach, accelerate revenue diversification and drive industry-leading profitability and cash flow. 
In parallel, Skyworks is solidifying its global leadership, technology breadth and vast operational scale, powering the connected experience in mobile, industrial, automotive, enterprise and other emerging applications. That concludes our prepared remarks.

Sure. Good question. Well, we are very bullish about our outlook in RF and other elements in our portfolio. You can see the results that we just reported are very, very strong, substantial double-digit returns and compares across the space. We have an incredible view going forward. We have a rich set of technologies that we continue to grow. We're expanding the aperture of the componentry that we put in with these devices. We're leveraging our integrated solution, Sky5, that brings in filtering, bulk acoustic wave, core gallium arsenide and other elements to provide a turnkey solution for our customers. And we've been doing this for years. This is not new. 
What is new is the outlook that we have when we start to see 5G really pick up, the complexities in 5G and having a full system solution as we have at Skyworks to put our customers in place to win. So we feel really good about it. We always have competition. There's no change there at all. But if you look at how we play and how we work with our customers and the technologies that we deliver in the ways that our customers want to consume it, it's a recipe that works.

Sure. We have a very close look at the pipeline and the supply chain, of course. So one of the things that I'm sure you know about Skyworks is that we're vertically integrated. So we're building product in our own factory. We're customizing in our own factory from filter to gallium arsenide to packaging and test, all of that is done in-house. So there's 2 things there. 
Number one, it mitigates, substantially mitigate some of the risks that we're seeing with the overall chip supply chain constraints. There's still some, but we're going to fare much better than others. 
But on the other hand, we are very close to our customers the channel. We try to keep that as lean as possible, so we get the real demand and natural demand, and that's the way we want it. The diversity in broad markets, though, is a theme that we should think about here because we really are expanding the aperture. It's multiple technologies, whether it's Wi-Fi or Wi-Fi 6 or Bluetooth or GPS. But then there's a broadening set of customers that have stepped up and joined the Skyworks design win team. 
So there's a lot of diversity within the broad market portfolio, but there's also a lot of technology differentiation that allows us to gain share. And we're looking forward to continuing to put up above market results in that category.

Sure, Chris. Well, obviously, the China market is very important to the overall ecosystem, and we are doing very well in that space. Again, players like Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi, and then MediaTek, a whole another angle, which we've been working with MediaTek for years, a very strong baseband provider, and we have unique technologies that wrap around their core baseband, and we've been doing that for quite a while. 
So we still feel very good about China. It has lifted off first in the 5G landscape. Of course, there's a tremendous amount of opportunity between now and the next 4 or 5 years or more as we populate and drive up subscriptions in 5G. But with the MediaTek side, we're gaining market share at MediaTek, and their platform is getting stronger. It's more powerful, more potent. And it is one of the leading platforms when we look at APAC. And again, populating some of these brands and also hitting some new markets as well. 
So the MediaTek relationship we have is outstanding. It's a technically driven relationship. We know the company. We've been working with them for years. And those solutions often portfolio out in the Android ecosystem with the names that we mentioned, the OVX, et cetera. So we've got a very good handle on that. 
And the other thing, Chris, here is that these customers really like the fact that we grow our own technologies, develop our own packaging and tests can get very, very flexible, can integrate in a Sky5 solution that makes it very easy for them to go to market. So there's some unique elements in the Skyworks strategy that go beyond just kind of the parts, right? So that's always been a key play for us. And players like MediaTek, that's an ideal solution for them.

Yes. And I'll just to add to that, remember, the leverage that we have in our business. I mean, we are a company that we're driving the broad market portfolio with big dollars in a mobile portfolio. So our business is very much focused on that execution, and our design teams know how to develop products that have an incredible market reach. 
So that's the thesis behind that. And certainly, we're funding R&D to the level that it needs to be funded. We know exactly where we're headed there. And we're investing in aggressively technology investments in our fabs, in our packaging houses and really just the platform that we have in Sky5 as we move forward. 
So all that kind of weaves together. And you get leverage because these are really strong markets that have a pretty potent unit curve on them as well. So part of the strategy is to really drive a solution that can then spin-off derivatives, but still have that same core. 
So that's a unique element of Skyworks. And as Kris said, having your own fab, having your own manufacturing, assembly and test, all of that under multiple roofs, but our own roofs makes a big difference for us.

Yes, that's a great question. And I'll tell you, the Android ecosystem right now is really strong, and we're putting up excellent numbers in that part of the landscape. So there's no law. There was some supply chain hiccups here and there, but we're still executing to a very aggressive path. We've got the demand. We have the technology that's needed. And we're doing that with -- in parallel with great outcomes with our largest customer. 
So that's definitely moving in the right direction, and it's for the reasons we talked about. We have a great 5G multiyear, and I mean, really multiyear opportunity here for us and others. And we have a technology curve that we talked about in the prepared remarks. 
Stuff is getting -- this is really challenging stuff now. And companies that have invested in R&D, invested in their fabs and work closely with their customers are going to be the winners. And we're going to be at the top of that list. So we feel really good about that. And it's absolutely our mission to deliver across all the different segments in mobility.

Yes. Sure. I mean, we absolutely expect to grow in the second half. There's a lot of opportunity out there, it's still very early in 5G. The broad market print that we put out, what really matters there, I can't show this to you in the conference call, but if you saw the breadth of customers, the breadth of customers, number one, really, really stepped up. And then the diversity of the technologies that those customers consumed was also a really incredible opportunity for us to be realized. So that's the important thing. 
And then you go to the strength in mobility, which will come in the second half. We know what we've won. There are a lot of really difficult, challenging opportunities that we've been able to win. And that should be apparent here in the second half. 
So there's some stuff happening right now that we're not going to cover the ball off in broad markets, lot of diversity with customers, diversity and the technologies we bring. And then in core mobility, the second half of the year, we think, will be strong. And we know what we've wanted. We know what we've consummated in the key designs, and it's all good on that front.

Yes. And you have a year-over-year number that is 60% year-over-year in Q3.

Yes, it was quite diverse, Harsh. But I would say unique strength in higher-end Wi-Fi, Wi-Fi 6 and 6E. A lot of connected home applications that we consummated, wireless infrastructure has picked up a bit, Nokia and Ericsson. We mentioned them in the prepared remarks and starting to do a little bit more with automotive as well. So it was a great quarter in broad markets. It's the type of output that we're capable of doing consistently and growing consistently. 
As I said earlier in the call, the diversity of the customers was really unique for us. So more and more companies that had not been customers of Skyworks are now customers of Skyworks. And we love to see that. And once we establish a beachhead with some of these players, we can do a lot more. 
So you heard today, names like Microsoft, names like Sony, names like GM and OnStar and moving into industrial markets. That's all coming together. And the nice thing is it's using the kind of the needs -- and it needs the technology that we have, and we have it ready for them. So it isn't a case where we have to spin up something unique. 
By and large, the technologies that we have now are ready to go. So we're able to deliver those solutions in Wi-Fi, deliver those solutions in a cellular format, whether it's 5G or otherwise. We have the technology protocols to address what the customers want. So -- and we'll continue to do that. I think some of the impacts that we've seen with the COVID crisis is that the ability to be flexible and adapt, and we've seen this usage case change where we have customers that were not interested in some of the things that we did or didn't have a need for it. 
And now mobility and connectivity has become paramount and critical and essential. And that's driving our business in ways that we really didn't anticipate. But we understand it deeply. And as we move forward, we're going to continue to develop those customers and bring the best technologies we can to each and every one of their own applications.

Yes, absolutely. And it really is -- it's necessary. So if you just think about it at a high level, even the backward compatibility of the mobile phone today, you still have 4G running completely and sometimes even 3G. So you have elements of 3G, then 4G, and then you have 5G. 
We're also extending the spectrum. More typically, if you look at a 3G or 4G phone, you're somewhere between 700 meg to 1 gig. Now we go from 1 gig to 6 gig and even higher. So there's new spectrum in the 5G world. There's new challenges. There's new technologies that need to be brought to bear. And then the ability to integrate that in a fungible asset, delivering that as a complete system that our customers can assimilate, that is really special. 
And we do that, and that's back to the comments that Kris and I made about having our own technology, having our own factories, having unique packaging, assembly and test to really customize a full solution. And the complexity is going up substantially, and the complexity is what drives the content gains.

Sure, Craig. That is one area that we are -- we're getting there, but there's still some catch-up work to be done. Broad markets is more diverse. It's a set of customers that is 10x broader than what we have in mobile. So to design specifically each one of those applications is a great opportunity we're pursuing, but there have been a few bumps in supply chain. As Kris mentioned, we're faring better than most because we do have our own fabs, we have our own assembly in test. We can control our destiny for the most part, but there still are a few wrinkles in supply chain that are being ironed out. 
And it does have a slight headwind on GM and cost as you -- there could be some lap in price reductions by some of our suppliers, there's logistics issues with next flight outs and things like that. So there's a couple of things that pop in that create a bit of a headwind. But the broad markets business will continue to move, and I think we'll certainly see these supply chain hiccups get ironed out very quickly.

Yes. The BAW designs are doing great. You could see in the current lineup of phones today across multiple customers, our Sky5 solution is bringing in more and more bulk acoustic wave. There's also some bulk acoustic wave technologies in some of the Wi-Fi engines that we have. 
And as we start to look out into the second half of the year, you should expect more content underpinned by our own organic BAW systems as we move forward. So we're feeling really good about it. We've also made the investments in our fab technology to deliver that -- deliver those solutions. So there's a lot of good work that's been done, and we're going to be able to reap the rewards of that as we go forward into the second half and beyond.

Yes. And that's a great question. A couple of things. So first of all, infrastructure had been lagging a bit in this whole mobility ecosystem and specifically in 5G. So as we mentioned in the call, we are starting to see more energy and rollouts with some of the key players in Europe, the Nokias and the Ericssons specifically. 
And we have great technology there with MIMO solutions, small cell solutions, a lot of the core recipes that we need in gallium arsenide and other places. So we feel really good about it. It's been slow, but it's starting to pick up. And it's necessary as you move into 5G. It's necessary as we build out that spectrum. And then as you mentioned, the C-band auction is great now because that money has been spent, and the carriers want to deploy more and more. They basically want to leverage that technology as quickly as possible. So the infrastructure is going to pop up a little bit there. And it also could add content opportunities to a core mobile device. 
So you have a two-pronged approach there with the infrastructure side and we have positions there. And then, of course, when we look at C-band and the unique spectrum there, there's going to be devices that we'll need to be navigating and populating that spectrum within the handset. So that's something that's starting -- it's been happening, but there's definitely lots of room to move on that end.

Yes. I mean, the demands in APAC have been very solid and very strong. And oftentimes, we have customers that were 3G, 4G and the lift into 5G is actually quite substantial, some of the comments I just made with the last caller. There's unique technologies that are required in 5G that were not in a 4G phone. So we're seeing a lot of that pickup. So beachheads with accounts we're in, that have been strong in 3G and 4G now need to augment and extend their content to be a player in 5G. So we're starting to see that happening. It's been building up. 
China has a long way to go to really match some of the premium brands that we see in the U.S. and some other countries, but there's a lot of opportunity to grow that technology and grow the business there. It's also a market that really does value connectivity and mobility. It's a core and essential element within that marketplace and in that region. And we differentiate with our ability to offer that complete Sky5 solution and really remove some of the complexity that our customers may have when they're launching new technologies.

Yes. We're working on millimeter wave, but it's really kind of a narrow slice within the mobility architecture right now. So there's -- we've got some work to do on the infrastructure side, but we know how to do that. And we've got some investments in the handheld side as well to augment. So we're continuing to drive that. But at the same time, in the core RF, let's say, 1 gig to 6 gig, the opportunities continue to move. And the spectrum need, it continues to be more and more complex.
The C-band auction that was just mentioned is a big driver. And it's really -- that's a technology that you take anywhere. The challenge with millimeter wave is that you have substantial current consumption needs. You have a physical size that is a challenge in a mobile phone. And then you have point-to-point interference. 
So it's a technology that could have use in certain environments, going into stadiums or campus environments unimpeded, of course. It works but if you look at what we can do in 5G today with the solutions that we have today and the spectrum that we have today, it's incredible. The speeds, the performance, the latency and the ability to roam and expand that signal anywhere unimpeded. 
So it's going to be a challenge. But like anything else. I mean, there's layers in the cake, right? There's -- you have your low band, your mid band, you're high band, you could have a unique spot at the top that delivers a millimeter wave cycle. So it's all there. We understand it. We know how to navigate through it, and we know how to work with our customers to ensure that they get the best solution.

Yes. Thank you. Great question. Yes, this is exactly why we developed our Sky5 solution. We know how hard it is to deliver a 5G socket with all the bells and whistles that can handle spectrum across the board, handle the complexity of roaming, the size constraints, the current consumption. It's really hard. So we've spent a great deal of time creating a solution that makes it very easy for our customers to go to market, although the hard work underneath within the Skyworks discovery module is not easy. 
So we have the ability to deliver the filtering technology that's needed all the way from SAW, TC-SAW to bulk acoustic wave, our own customized gallium arsenide devices, unique assembly and test and packaging in-house. And wrapping that together with a lot of these players that really need that know-how, it's been a great, great opportunity. 
This is something that we have been thinking about and working on for a year. So this is a purpose-built solution. It is not something that we just turned on this year. This is something that we've been working on for quite a while. But the higher the complexity that we see in the market and in the handset, the better we do. And you'll see that across the board. You'll see that with launches this year. You'll see that with phones that are out there now. 
And the complexity continues to rise. That drives content. And the consumer demand for the technology around mobility, just continues to grow. So it's a great market to be in, but there's a lot of problems to be solved, and that's what really gets us excited and it puts us in a position to outperform.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming conferences during the quarter. Thank you.