Thanks, Mitch, and welcome, everyone. Skyworks delivered record third quarter results with double-digit year-over-year growth in revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share, highlighting our resilient business model and disciplined execution with strong design win momentum across an expanding and diverse customer set, we are well positioned to drive sequential growth into the second half of the calendar year. 
Looking at the quarter in more detail. We delivered record Q3 revenue of $1.23 billion, above consensus and up 10% compared to last year, highlighting our content expansion in premium 5G-enabled smartphones along with growth in automotive, data center and network infrastructure. We achieved gross margin of 51.2%. We posted earnings per share of $2.44, up 13% year-over-year. We have continued to return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And today, we announced an 11% increase to our quarterly dividend. That marks our 8th consecutive year of dividend increases. 
In addition to generating solid results in a challenging macro environment, we are leveraging decades of targeted investments to drive a pipeline of design wins, spanning an array of market-critical solutions. Specifically in mobile, we delivered Sky5 platforms to the leading smartphone OEMs, including launches at Google, Samsung and many others. Skyworks technology leadership, innovation and scale has allowed us to continue to capture an outsized share of our mobile revenue from high-performance 5G platforms. 
In enterprise and IoT, we powered tri-band access points at Cisco, ramped Orange Livebox 6, Europe's first carrier-grade 6E platform. We launched advanced solutions with Verizon for integrated WiFi and cellular gateways and supported Google's newest pixel watch with our cellular GPS, WiFi and Bluetooth technologies. In automotive, we achieved an all-time record revenue in this last quarter as we executed on our vision to drive connectivity and lead the shift to electrification. During the quarter, we ramped next-generation wireless and EV power technology across multiple top OEMs. 
We leverage our timing solutions with a market-leading robotaxi and driverless vehicle provider. And finally, in infrastructure and industrial, we captured multiple design wins at European equipment and service providers, fueling massive MIMO deployments. We delivered integrated timing solutions to the market leaders in data center and network infrastructure, and we ship modules for high-power industrial and IoT applications, supporting a prominent brand and smart energy. 
Moving forward, we see a continued expansion in data consumption, dependent on seamless, reliable and ubiquitous wireless connectivity. A few statistics illustrate this point. Global wireless data traffic is expected to grow at a 27% annual rate over the next 5 years. Machine-to-machine connections, the fastest-growing IoT category will soon surpass 15 billion users. By 2030, we expect 650 million connected cars, each consuming 25x the data that we see in today's smartphones. Over the past 2 decades, Skyworks has made critical investments to power this connectivity transformation, addressing all key network technologies from cellular to advanced WiFi, enhanced GPS and Bluetooth, among others. Capitalizing on both organic growth and strategic acquisitions, we are gaining momentum in high-growth verticals, while at the same time, diversifying our revenue and customer set. 
Looking ahead, our design win pipeline and unique in-house capabilities are positioning us for continued outperformance. Leveraging decades of innovation, we deliver purpose-built solutions underpinned by in-house gallium arsenide, temperature-compensated SAW filters, bulk acoustic wave technologies and customized packaging. 
With that, I will turn the call over to Kris for a discussion of Q3 and our Q4 outlook.

Thanks, Kris.  Skyworks decades-long investments are driving increasing opportunities across the market's fastest-growing segments, fueling our momentum going into the second half of the calendar year. With our customer count doubling year-over-year in a broad markets portfolio, on pace for $2 billion in annualized revenue, our business is more diverse than ever. Finally, our consistently strong profitability, cash generation and diverse revenue streams, fund our ability to invest and win while returning cash to our shareholders. 
That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, let's open the line for questions.

Sure. Yes, it's been certainly a challenging market in China, and there's several factors that played out here, right? Of course, you had walk-downs in some of the major provinces and across many of the factories that impeded demand even with the larger customers. And then you also had a group of folks that were just a little bit less prepared for the lockdowns as well. 
So if you look at the high-end market, China is still a market where you can get some very, very strong activity, tempered a bit by the lockdowns, which we think are going to abate rather quickly. But on the lower end, the OBX brands really hadn't performed too well at all. So that was an area that was weak generally. But if you look at the way Skyworks has been positioned, our aperture has been much more towards the mid- to high tier. So our exposure to the OBX market has come down. In many cases, it was our position to do that and our choice to do it. 
At the same time, in parallel, we had tremendous gains with names like Google and some of our other flagship players, Samsung, even doing quite well. So a lot going on there. China was definitely bumpy, but it's still a market that consumes the technology and we do think that some of the manufacturing issues and supply chain problems are going to abate, and we see even more of a tailwind.

Yes, yes. So we have a lot more clarity on that side of the field. Again, we work with everyone, but we have a high degree of visibility in some of those premium brands. And we feel very good about that for 2 reasons. We think the appetite for the technologies continues to grow. The use cases continue to grow around connectivity and mobility. And the market leaders, the market leaders are actually consolidating. So -- and we know who the market leaders are, and we're very well positioned. 
So we're excited about that. We feel very good about where our technologies are going, the breadth of our offering, driving some incredible technologies with our bulk acoustic wave in-house gallium arsenide or packaging, doing all of this in our amazing fabs admits a market where everyone's challenged with supply chain. So a lot of good work going on there, and we do expect strength as we go into the second half of the year, really buoyed by some of these content gains that we've been discussing.

Yes. And I would just say, in addition to the largest customer, we have several other significant ones we mentioned. Obviously, Samsung is very strong and even Google. So it's a balanced mix here.

Yes. And I'll just add one more comment is that the complexity in the performance nodes are getting more and more difficult and more challenging, which is great for us, and that's what we want to see. So there are some pockets in China that are very, very low end that are not really interesting for us, and that's fine, but we're building up a strong base in mid-tier and certainly leading the pack when it comes to the premium players.

Yes. And remember that as we discussed at the beginning here, the lockdown dynamics and some of the supply chain volatility did put a little pressure on what would be a normal seasonal guide. So all those factors play together, we have much less exposure to China, which is very helpful, but these weren't issues that were related to demand. And the demand is there. The demand was there and it still is, and we need to go execute on that. But some of the early lockdowns in the ripple effects there in supply chain added a little bit of a nip/tuck to the quarter.

Yes. I mean there's a great deal of enhancements that come through the cycle with the leading players and we have to back that up with core technology. And if you look at the CapEx that we've been delivering. And one of the themes that we've been talking a lot about is the level of customization and basically cracking those technologies in-house. You know that we're a rare breed that manufacturers end-to-end from high-end bulk acoustic wave, temperature-compensated SAW filtering, in-house gallium arsenide, in-house customized assembly and test, all those vectors come together and allow us to do very unique things customer by customer. 
So we're able to go after a much, much broader set of accounts when we have that level of customization and technology know-how. So -- and that's one of the reasons why the mid- to high tier really appreciate Skyworks because we can do a lot of good work with those partners and really help lift their business with our teams beneath them under the wings here, supplying the right kinds of technology. So it's a good partnership there for both sides.

Yes. I'm just going to add. I mean there's been a tremendous amount of technology investment in the portfolio. And a lot of that really has come through, you can see on the CapEx line. So there's some really important things, Blayne, that we're doing that sort of under the hood, so to speak, really driving performance in bulk acoustic wave, which is a tough technology. 
We've improved the efficiency of our TC SAW capabilities. We have, as you know, for years, we've got a customized gallium arsenide. It's a very unique technology in [indiscernible] and we've been upgrading that at every cycle. So there's a lot of really interesting building blocks that go into the finished product here and the flexibility that we can bring. And I think it's one of the reasons why the discerning higher-end customers really appreciate that they have a voice in the decision with us. 
There's a lot of collaboration when we launch technologies and products. We can do a great deal of customization understanding what the carriers are going to be and where those phones will grow. So there's a lot going on. And it comes with the capital that we put forth. And I think it's an advantage right now. And despite the ups and downs in supply chain, I'd rather have that in our house that we can deal with it. We can make decisions. We have a voice and we can do the right thing for the customers.

Yes. Yes. I mean it's still a little bit early, but I can tell you what moves the needle is the technology and what we're able to do to drive that and what we call is kind of really a technology reach, how do we create something more impactful for the customers, and we're doing that. 
And it's not 1 or 2 parts. I mean, the breadth of the technology and the reach of our performance, the engineer-to-engineer lineup is awesome. The relationships are awesome with the largest customer. And we certainly feel good about execution and the opportunity for the second half of the year very much so. And there's a lot of new invention going on, so to speak, and a lot of technologies that are opening up that are providing even more revenue opportunity for Skyworks as we go forward. 
So we feel really good about that cycle. Great collaboration with the people that matter and getting in again, shoulder to shoulder and our fabs together, a lot of really good work being done to ensure leadership at the high end. And we feel very good about that and I absolutely expect that to play out in revenue and in our numbers.

Yes. It's probably more 70% high-end, Ed. And what we're trying to do is actually take the low end and bring them along towards a higher level of technology and performance. And as a result, it would be revenue for us and also great for the consumer that gets a better product. So certainly, we -- our business -- so the way I think about it is that we want to hit the fast ball first, right? We want the 100-mile an hour pitch. And then from there, we can go downhill and take care of everybody else. But the DNA in our company is to go after the hard things and solve the hard problems and delight the customer, right? 
And sometimes the customer doesn't even realize the amount of work and energy and technology know-how that comes through this. But ultimately, it's a great solution that they get. And so that's the way we can do this. Now we like to start with the tough problems and then go downhill, as I mentioned. 
And there's still a lot of really good work to do. You now hear a lot of discussion about some other customers that we haven't talked about too much. Samsung, Google, there's many others in mobile and many others in connectivity that we can serve. So it's a model that's worked for us and it's all about customer performance and uplifting their product and their ability to drive to their consumer markets. So it's always been a challenge for us, but we love that challenge, and it makes what we do really matter for us here at Skyworks.

Yes. No, that's a good question. You know what, it's interesting, Ed, now is -- the curve ball is the walk-down situation. So it's kind of an unusual thing. We all went through COVID and we knew what was going on there. It was just dark everywhere, right? There really wasn't any pockets of opportunity. I think what's happening now is just a little bit of a bifurcation, you've got -- those that play very hard in China and the OBX land, I think they're much more exposed to the downside. On the other hand, at Skyworks, we were continuing to raise mid- and high end, which has been beneficial for us and more profitable. 
So it's kind of a tale of 2 different markets and [indiscernible] stories. We want to pursue opportunities globally across every account, obviously, but the way our business is really kind of growing up here, like I said, the high end going down. We have opportunity to do more in some of the low-end markets. It's really more of a choice for us than a technical problem. We know how to do it. But we do think that the opportunities are still looking very good. There's a lot of demand that was not shipped with these issues in China. Some of these lockdowns really pinched some supply chain areas that it's still not unclogged today. And that's real. I mean, we can measure that in our hubs, and we have very good visibility on where that demand is. So it definitely gives us some color and some positive view on where we see the second half can go. And maybe there's a delays that go further into the second -- the early part of next year as well. So there's a lot going on here. 
The nuance being the supply chain wrinkle, not COVID-related necessarily, but the hard lockdown that we saw at the end of the quarter. So it kind of mixes altogether, but we still feel really good about the opportunity. And of course, we have great communication with our customers. So we're always in sync with what they need.

Yes. Well, very good question. Yes, certainly, the challenges in the broad markets business, we can see more of an impact there with supply chain issues. So we don't have kind of the clarity that you have in a mobile device that's very, very -- we know exactly where we're going and where it's headed. Broad markets, it's more diverse. It goes to multiple customers with actually a broader set of technologies. So if we -- and it ties back to your question on supply chain. 
So if you think about broad markets, it wasn't a demand constraint. It was a supply chain constraint. That's an area less so in mobile, but more so in broad market that we saw that. And with respect to pricing, we did take some action in pricing that was necessary. We do everything we continue to keep our customers healthy and strong, but together as partners, it was required that we had to raise our prices a little bit, and that was fine. 
And I think that was healthy. But we do feel like the opportunity in broad markets is still a really strong part of our portfolio, lots of opportunities. We talked about the growth rate, 38% year-over-year revenue in broad markets. That's outstanding. And there's still a lot of stuff out there that we haven't hit. There's a huge pool of broad market opportunities that await us as we go forward. A lot of great things that are not at all tagged into our mobile business, a lot of unique markets, unique customers that are on their own vector in terms of top line. So looking forward to that.

Yes. And with respect to content and content reach, we bought -- most of us here at the table here have been in this market for quite some time. And we do see incremental opportunities year after year after year. But I think what's changing now is that the -- if you think about Skyworks, it isn't just mobility. Mobility is great and wireless technologies are great. But what's different right now is the customer set and the application set that we're playing in. We talked today about data center. We talked about electric vehicles, much more on the infrastructure side. We have high-performance audio we have technology nodes that were not available to us 2, 3 years ago, and we created these new technologies, bulk acoustic wave, et cetera, in-house with our own people and our own capital. So I guess what I would say to you is think about connectivity at large and think about the markets that require this, right? 
It's a mobile phone, of course, but IoT, industrial, health care, business to business, all these interesting end markets rely very much on the kind of technologies that we bring. So we're looking forward to that. We'd love to give you guys more info around that vector. But we certainly see pools of opportunity that Skyworks and Skyworks technologies can address.

Yes. So certainly, great opportunities coming out of our what we call [indiscernible] portfolio, which is the I&A business [indiscernible], really pleased with not only the products but with the people and the execution, so all good. 
Markets like data center right now are really critical for the timing solutions that we have very high-performance timing solutions and growing that with additional investments from the larger core of Skyworks. We're also looking at a lot of EV work coming out of that portfolio as well. The I&A team had some great technology there that we're scaling. I think it's a case where you've got super technology is a great performance and great engineering talent. And now it's really going to be about scale, right? It's really going to be about scale. So one of the things that we do very well at Skyworks. You've heard that from us, verbally integrated. We do a lot of hardcore manufacturing technology development in-house, but we also do very, very well in high-scale big dollar markets. 
And it sounds easy to say, but there's a lot of work behind that. And if you look at our business and the kind of the way that we talk to our customers and markets and the way we communicate to investors, we really are a company that looks at markets that can really move the dial. We've got some of these here. These are coming up. They're growing right now for us. It's early stage. But the tough part is getting the technology right. And the team in [indiscernible] from Silicon Labs have gotten it right. So it's about scaling now and driving our sales and marketing teams further and capturing a great deal of opportunity that we haven't seen. So we're excited about it, and we'll certainly give you more color on the next call.

Yes. There's a lot of interesting notes that come together here in the EV side. You've got certainly technology coming through wireless nodes and 5G. We've got a lot of EV accounts right now that are being developed that we have design wins in now, and there's going to be a lot of investment that we put forth. And certainly, when you go further into EV connectivity and wireless connectivity, it's going to be pivotal. It's going to be one of the most critical elements in the whole process. And just think about from a safety perspective, from a latency perspective, there's going to be a lot of technology development that hasn't yet come through around electric vehicles, autonomous vehicles and that whole sector. So we're looking forward to it. But like I said, we've got a beachhead with our partners in Texas here. And we also have some great, great engineering minds and know-how across the greater Skyworks team to turn that into big dollars as we move forward. 
So it's going to be one of the bigger markets going forward for sure. And it is a market that absolutely needs high performance, low latency, high quality solutions. And those are the kind of things that we like to do. And we've already been working with many, many players in the EV space. Many of those customers don't want to have the conversations publicly about what we do. So we will respect that. But please note that we're deeply involved in the development and we're putting a great deal of investment into that part of the market.

Thank you all for participating on today's call. We look forward to talking to you at upcoming investor conferences. Thank you.