Okay, thank you. And good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the call. On today's call, I'll provide an overview of our second quarter performance, share some thoughts on the rapidly changing U.S. healthcare environment, and, of course, comment on the succession plans that we announced earlier today for 2 senior leaders you know very well, Sean Harper and Tony Hooper. 
First, our performance. Our second quarter results demonstrate that we continue to execute effectively our long-term growth strategy as we delivered 4% top line growth and 17% growth in non-GAAP earnings per share. An important part of our strategy is to increasingly focus on volume-driven growth and our results reflect the progress that we're making on that objective. Unit volumes increased, in many cases, by double digits, for all our newer products including Repatha, KYPROLIS, Prolia and XGEVA. We also continue to generate strong volume-driven growth outside the U.S. where our legacy brands have faced competition now for many years. This includes 9% growth in the second quarter.
We remain confident that our newer product launches, as well as the medicines advancing through our pipeline, will enable us to drive attractive volume-driven growth globally over the long-term. 
Let me give you a few examples of some of the newer medicines that we are seeing driving our growth. In the second quarter, we launched Aimovig in the U.S., where it is the first and only CGRP inhibitor approved for migraine prevention. Aimovig also marks Amgen's first entry into a new therapeutic area for us, which is neuroscience. We've been very encouraged by the enthusiastic reception for Aimovig from physicians and especially from migraine patients, who've waited a long time for a new treatment option like this. 
We are also encouraged by the progress we are making with Repatha, which we believe can play an important role in the fight against cardiovascular disease, the world's #1 killer. As you know, Repatha significantly lowers LDL cholesterol, which is a leading modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease. We have and will continue to work to expand access to Repatha globally. 
Building on our decades of leadership in nephrology, we are seeing strong early adoption of Parsabiv, which is the first new treatment in more than a decade for secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients on hemodialysis.
And now I'll say I'm pleased to report that we recently launched our first biosimilar, KANJINTI, which is a biosimilar to Herceptin in Europe. We put a strategic stake in the ground a few years ago to build a world-class biosimilars business, and we continue to believe that biosimilars represent a meaningful growth opportunity for us. We look forward to launching AMGEVITA, which is our biosimilar to HUMIRA, internationally later this year and to launching a steady stream of biosimilars in the years to come. My comments on biosimilars provide a good transition to a discussion of the healthcare environment in the U.S. If you'll note, just this past week, the FDA published its Biosimilars Action Plan. We're encouraged by the FDA's actions as well as by others in the Trump administration and we welcome the opportunity for open dialogue.
Although we believe biosimilars can help address the issue of rising healthcare costs in general and concerns over drug pricing in particular, we also recognize that biosimilars alone aren't enough. Fundamentally, we believe that innovation is the key to alleviating the massive financial burden placed on society by chronic diseases like cancer, neurologic disorders and cardiovascular disease. And without innovation and improved access to it, the burden of chronic disease, which already runs in the hundreds of billions of dollars annually for any single one of these diseases will only grow larger as the population ages. And we'll continue to work with our colleagues in the industry to engage with the Administration, Congress and the entire health care community to find ways to promote innovation while also ensuring that our medicines are accessible and affordable for the patients who need them. We appreciate the Administration's engagement on this important issue. And as to prices, we made decisions a few months ago not to increase the prices of any of our medicines at mid-year, and we have no plans to change that for the balance of the year. 
My final order of business before I turn the call over to David Meline is to discuss the executive succession announcements that we issued today. One of the hallmarks of a well-run company is a carefully considered succession planning process. And I believe that Amgen has done this well through our nearly 40-year history, and I'm confident we'll do so again as Sean Harper and Tony Hooper step down from their roles in anticipation of their forthcoming retirements. 
I can't express strongly enough my deep appreciation for the contributions these 2 leaders have made to Amgen. They have played a critical role in transforming Amgen into the company we are today and their legacies will continue in the teams they've built and the patients that we'll serve. And above all, Sean and Tony have maintained a relentless focus on Amgen's mission to serve patients and we're a better company for it. As you all know, I have great respect and admiration for Sean and Tony, and they've been great partners and colleagues. And while they leave big shoes to fill, I'm excited about the 2 leaders who are succeeding them and I know Sean and Tony are committed to working with me and my team to ensure that our new leaders successfully transition into their roles. 
Let me start with Dave Reese, who is known to many of you and is someone I've worked closely with over the past decade. Dave has been with Amgen since 2005 and he's been closely involved with virtually all the medicines that have emerged from our pipeline since then. An oncologist by training, Dave has led discovery and research and parts of clinical development and he's also played a critical role in building our early-stage oncology pipeline, particularly our portfolio of BiTE molecules, which we find especially promising. 
His background includes past faculty appointments at UCLA and UCSF, and we're excited to have him assuming the new responsibilities here at Amgen today. Dave has joined us on the call and he'll have an opportunity to say a few words a little later this afternoon. Meanwhile, Tony's successor, Murdo Gordon, will be joining us in September from Bristol-Myers Squibb, where he most recently served as Chief Commercial Officer. His experience and capabilities are a perfect fit for where we are going strategically. Murdo has global experience at a time when we're looking to continue to expand our geographic presence. He's operated in a number of our core therapeutic areas of focus including cardiovascular disease, neuroscience, inflammation and oncology. And in addition, during his time at Bristol, Murdo led commercial operations in the U.S., which, as you know, is our largest market, and also had responsibility for value and access, which as I discussed earlier is an increasingly important component of today's dynamic health care environment. Tony will be in his role through much of the third quarter. He'll join us in welcoming Murdo on this earnings call in October. I'm looking forward to having Murdo and Dave become part of our leadership team. Both are exceptional, highly accomplished leaders well-suited for the opportunities ahead. 
With that, let me turn to David Meline for financial highlights.

Okay. Thank you, Sean. Before we turn the call over to Q&A, Sean, if you'd like to say a few words because I guess this is your swan song earnings call.  Why don't you feel free to share your thoughts and then we'll invite Dave Reese to say a few words and then open up for questions.

Okay. Thanks, Dave. Let's open it up for questions now and I will ask our operation just to remind you of all of the procedures for doing that. Ian, over to you.

Okay, there's quite a lot there, Ying. Let's break it into 2 parts, start with David Meline in response to your question on capital allocation, and then we'll ask Tony just to reiterate what he said on the call.

Okay, got a couple of questions there. Repatha, the utilization management question and how guidelines may affect...

Okay, Geoff, maybe we'll answer your rebate question in 2 parts. I'll start, and then Tony, you can jump in. Big picture, Geoff, as you know, the discussion about rebates is underway. The Administration has asked for perspectives and we've participated with our industry colleagues in sharing our thoughts about this. We think that the Administration is focusing on an important topic here, which is rebates and the impact that the rebate structure in our industry has on patient affordability, so we welcome an opportunity to be able to share our industry perspectives with decision-makers and the government, and that process is underway. It's a little bit premature, I think, to talk about what the specifics in your question were on our business, but I'll invite Tony to share his thoughts.

And one maybe one last thought, sorry, Geoff, and then we'll kick to Sean. Rebates and the structure that exists today evolved over many decades. It's hard to imagine how -- what the impact of unraveling that would be if that unraveling occurred quickly. But again, part of the discussion, we look forward to trying to figure out whether there's a better way for patients than what's in place today. Sean?

Okay. Maybe we'll ask Sean to talk about the appropriateness of interchangeability from a regulatory standpoint first, Jeff, and then Tony, feel free to add any thoughts you have.

[ And talking ] about B to D, the -- I'm not so sure as to exactly what you're getting at Geoff, but obviously, one of the things that's being discussed in Washington is whether it makes sense to consider the movement of certain drugs from part B to D and, again, the early stages of discussions about what that would look like and for which products it will be relevant, so premature I think to speculate about whose products are being included in that over what time and what impact.

Well we'll have Sean answer the first question and Tony, if you take the second question.

Dave, why don't you?

Okay, Ian. Well, thanks. Let me just say a couple of quick remarks. Obviously, we're encouraged by the strong start we've enjoyed through the first half of 2018 and hope our investors share our optimism for the long-term prospects of the business through the growth we expect from our new and recently launched products as well as our biosimilars and innovative pipeline. And finally, I would be remiss if I didn't take a moment to thank our staff for their continuing focus on our mission which is to serve patients with innovative medicines and make a big difference for serious disease. So thank you to all our staff for their focus, the results of which you see in our report through the first 6 months. Looking forward to talking to all of you in October. Thank you.