Okay. Thank you, all of you, for joining our call. In the face of both macroeconomic and industry-specific challenges, Amgen remains laser-focused on delivering for patients and shareholders. Benefit of that focus was evident in the third quarter with volumes up a healthy 8% and 16% outside the United States. These results reflect the strong underlying demand for our medicines and the value they bring to patients even in challenging economic times like those prevailing at the moment.
Revenues for the quarter were down 1%, reflecting a 5% net price decline consistent with what we communicated earlier in the year and a 2% impact from foreign exchange. All told, 11 of our products generated record sales in the quarter, and non-GAAP earnings per share increased 15% with free cash flows reaching $2.8 billion for the quarter. Looking forward, we remain focused on several growth drivers.
With the recent closing of the ChemoCentryx acquisition, we're excited to have TAVNEOS in our portfolio. TAVNEOS is the first new treatment for ANCA-associated vasculitis in more than 10 years, and we're confident that we can leverage our decades of experience in inflammation and nephrology to bring this innovative medicine to many more patients moving forward.
Two recently launched products, TEZSPIRE and LUMAKRAS, are off to solid starts. TEZSPIRE is performing well in asthma, and we have studies underway for several other indications for that product as well. LUMAKRAS is performing well globally with patients, payers and prescribers recognizing the importance of this innovation. With combination studies underway, we're exploring the many different ways this product may benefit patients through time.
We have a number of key products led by Repatha, Otezla, Prolia and EVENITY that we know can benefit millions more patients globally than they do today. And let's not lose sight of the fact that these 4 products collectively generated $2 billion in third quarter sales with volume growth of 17%.
We've built an industry-leading biosimilars business, having now launched 5 products in markets around the world, and we're months away from being the first company to launch a biosimilar to HUMIRA in the U.S. AMGEVITA is already the most prescribed HUMIRA biosimilar in Europe, giving us confidence as we prepare to enter the U.S. market.
Looking forward, our next wave of biosimilars to STELARA, SOLIRIS and EYLEA are well positioned with our having now successfully completed Phase III trials for all 3 of these molecules. We have many potential new medicines advancing through our innovative pipeline, including Olpasiran, tarlatamab, rocatinlimab, bemarituzumab and AMG 133. These 5 molecules and several others that you'll hear about shortly from Dave Reese are vintage Amgen, which is first-in-class medicines that make a big difference for patients suffering from serious diseases for which there remains a real need for new and better treatments.
Finally, we have a highly engaged and committed workforce, and I want to thank them, as always, for their great work. With that, let me turn over to our CFO, Peter Griffith.

Okay. Thank you, David. And Jason, why don't we now open the line up for questions. If you would remind our callers of the procedure, we can get started.

Dave, why don't you take that question?

Do you want to -- yes, jump in.

And Jay, let me just add, don't forget, we've -- in the slides that we shared with you this afternoon, we have the outside U.S. data available for you on all the different products. You'll see the current contribution from the international business there.

Okay. Well, again, let me thank all of you for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Amgen. And let me just end by saying that we remain focused on ending the year strong and positioning ourselves for a good '23 and beyond. We look forward to having a chance to engage with you again here in a few short weeks or Monday and then in a few short weeks thereafter, at various conferences. So thank you and we'll look forward to seeing you soon.