Okay. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. It was another solid quarter of growth for Amgen with total revenues rising 4%, driven by volume growth of 8% which reflects the strong global demand for many of our innovative medicines such as Repatha and Prolia as well as for our high-quality biosimilars. Earnings per share for the quarter grew 11%, thanks to disciplined management of our operating expenses.
Shifting to the future. As we begin to see beyond COVID-19, I believe we've set ourselves up well to deliver attractive growth over the long term. By way of example, I'll draw your attention to our immunology and oncology portfolios where we are building on our successful track record through a combination of internally generated innovation and strategic business development, which we expect to contribute to our long-term growth.
In inflammation, we're very excited about tezepelumab, a first-in-class treatment for severe asthma that we hope to launch in the U.S. next year. Given the millions of patients for whom existing asthma therapies are inadequate, we believe tezepelumab will be a significant growth driver for us for years to come. This product builds on our many years of success in inflammation, first with Enbrel and now, of course, with Otezla. We remain optimistic about the growth potential of Otezla. And as the next step, we're eagerly awaiting an expanded indication in the U.S. for mild-to-moderate plaque psoriasis, particularly at a time when concerns have emerged for some potential new competitors.
We also continue to grow Otezla globally with the product now available in over 40 countries, up from 32 countries when we acquired it. Looking a bit further into the future, we expect to bring AMGEVITA, our biosimilar to HUMIRA to the U.S. in 2023. We expect to replicate the success we've had with AMGEVITA in many other markets around the world. We're also enthusiastic about AMG 451, a Phase III-ready potential first-in-class treatment for atopic dermatitis that we're studying with our partners, Kyowa Kirin, as well as a number of Amgen-discovered therapies currently in Phase II for lupus and celiac disease.
In oncology, we're happy with the recent launch in the U.S. of LUMAKRAS our first-in-class KRAS G12C inhibitor, which treats non-small cell lung cancer and we look forward to additional approvals and launches in major markets around the world as we roll forward. LUMAKRAS joins a portfolio of medicines already generating some $10 billion a year in sales. Several of these medicines delivered double-digit sales growth in the third quarter, including KYPROLIS, BLINCYTO and MVASI.
Looking ahead, we're excited about the growth potential of several other oncology assets in our pipeline. We've initiated already our first Phase III trial for bemarituzumab, a potential first-in-class molecule to treat gastric and gastroesophageal junction cancers. We're also making good progress with several of our internally discovered solid BiTE -- solid tumor BiTE molecules, including 1 for prostate cancer and another for small cell lung cancer.
In short, we have a number of products now on the market with plenty of room to grow, more coming over the next several years from our pipeline, a compelling discovery research engine to continuously replenish that pipeline and the wherewithal to take advantage of compelling business development opportunities as they arise. All that gives me confidence in our ability to serve more patients around the world and to deliver strong financial performance for our shareholders.
One final note, I'd like to thank my Amgen colleagues for their continued commitment to patients and to our business. We were delighted to be named last week by Fortune Magazine as one of the 25 best workplaces in the world and that's a reflection of our people and the passion and excellence they bring to their work.
Dave, let me turn it over to you.

Okay. Thank you, Peter. Why don't we open up the call now for questions. And let's remind our callers of the procedures and the request that we limit our questions to just one on the first go. Thanks.

Yes, Michael, you're right. We're not going to give 2022 guidance at this point. I think what you can see is we continue to manage the business effectively, that's, I think, reflected in the 4% on the top line, 11% on the bottom line EPS growth, and we'll continue to invest in opportunities that we think can deliver growth. We're very clear that as we look at the future, we expect to be able to deliver growth for our shareholders, and we'll have more to say about that when we give guidance for the next period.

And strategically, we'll continue to look and see if we can find products that fit well with the franchise that we're building, we'll continue to look for those.

Dave, do you want to say anything else about our G12D or V programs?

Yes. Thanks, Geoff. It's obviously very premature for anybody to pretend like they know what the shape of the new legislation will be. I don't think anybody has really seen any meaningful draft language. What we are aware of, of course, is that there's some tweeting and some back and forth between the House and the Senates, including moderates in both suggesting that they're close and that they think they have a framework that they can align around. So we'll need to wait and see the details. And as you would expect, we'll be focused on seeing whether what they're proposing leads to better access for patients to medicines and whether it does that while preserving the ecosystem that enables all of us to innovate the way we do and the way we think we need to for the country. So stay tuned, Geoff, again, very premature. I know you guys would love to have a picture that you could share with your investors and a picture that would make some sense, but I think anybody trying to draw one at this point is really doing it in the way of sculpting fog.

Just, Matt, I might just observe that relative to the beginning of the year, when we gave the original guidance, the COVID impact has lingered longer than I think we thought when we looked at this at the beginning of the year, in particular, in terms of the face-to-face visits and the number of patient diagnoses inside doctors' offices. So by now looking the retrospective scope, it's pretty clear that the surge had an impact on the number of patients going to see the doctors and in turn, prescriptions being written. So I don't think we're experiencing anything different from our peers. But at the start of the year, we were hopeful that vaccines and other things might have made us -- enabled us to be further along in saying goodbye to this pandemic than I think we are right now. But again, otherwise, business is performing well and consistent with where we hope to end the year.

Maybe let's go in reverse order, Murdo, why don't you start and then Dave can finish.

Okay. Well, let me thank all of you again for your -- for joining our call, and we look forward to having an opportunity to meet with you in the new year when we report on the fourth quarter. We obviously have a lot of exciting things happening between now and then, again, starting, we expect with the expanded label for Otezla to be followed by the launch label for tezepelumab and the beginnings of a number of new Phase III trial programs, as we indicated on the call. So exciting time for us. Look forward to gathering with you in the new year. Again, thanks for your support.