Okay. Good afternoon, everyone. I want to acknowledge upfront that this has been an extraordinary quarter for all of us: global pandemic, economic disruption like none of us have seen before and, of course, financial volatility that has been dizzying at times. But I hope you're keeping well, and we're certainly grateful to you for joining the call. 
[Audio Gap] 
results. We're managing through the COVID disruption quite well and feel we're operating from a position of strength with a healthy balance sheet, a strong portfolio of products, and an organization that has proven itself time and again to be innovative, resilient and able to adapt quickly to changing circumstances. 
I want to take a few moments to share how we've been responding to COVID-19, and then we can dive into the details of the first quarter and what we see for the remainder of the year. And we've mobilized our company around 4 priorities: first, taking care of our staff, our 23,000 staff around the world; second, continuing to serve patients with an uninterrupted supply of our commercial and clinical medicines; third, leveraging our core genetics, immunology and antibody expertise in the fight against COVID-19; and finally, supporting the communities where we live and work. 
Our first priority from the beginning of the pandemic has been to ensure the safety of our people and their families. To encourage social distancing, Amgen staff worldwide are mostly working from home now. We're encouraged that in a few markets, conditions have improved to the point where we've begun returning our people to the workplace, and we hope to expand our back-to-the-workplace activities in the coming 
[Audio Gap] 
I would also note that about 1/4 of our staff are engaged in essential manufacturing and R&D activities that have required them to continue coming to the workplace every day. We're taking every possible measure to keep these employees safe, and we're grateful to them for their commitments to patients and to our business. All our staff are performing really well, as you can see from our results. 
At a time when health care systems around the world are being stretched to their limits, we're committed to working collaboratively with our partners in the health care ecosystem. We need to make sure that we're both responding to COVID-19 and meeting the ongoing needs of other seriously ill patients
[Audio Gap] 
health care crisis that we as a society never intended. From a supply chain perspective, we've not experienced any significant disruptions, and we don't currently anticipate any shortages of our medicines due to COVID-19. 
With respect to clinical trials, our pivotal studies, including for AMG 510, Otezla, tezepelumab and omecamtiv mecarbil are fully enrolled and expected to read out this year, as previously announced. Other programs such as our BeiGene oncology have also continued to progress, and we're encouraged by the accumulating data there. Where programs have been interrupted by the COVID pandemic, we're busy making plans to get them restarted as soon as appropriate from a patient safety and regulatory perspective. 
By now, it's clear that overcoming this pandemic will require innovative science. While the virus may have gotten the jump on us at the outset, the good news is that the community of innovative biopharmaceutical companies is moving at a speed and scale never seen before, and we're gaining ground on the virus with each passing day. While our research does not include antivirals, we have a role to play in this battle, leveraging our genetics, immunology and antibody expertise to do so. 
As previously announced, we're harnessing the molecular epidemiology work done by our deCODE subsidiary and working with our partners at Adaptive Biotechnologies to develop an antibody to prevent or treat COVID-19. If we're successful, our industry-leading manufacturing capabilities will play an important role in helping us meet the needs of patients. 
In addition, based on its mechanism of action, Otezla might help prevent the respiratory distress seen in late-stage COVID patients. As Dave Reese will explain in a moment, we'll be exploring this question in clinical trials imminently. 
We've long prioritized being a good citizen within the health care ecosystem and within the communities where we live and work. 
[Audio Gap] 
by COVID-19 has been devastating for many. While we certainly have been impacted by the pandemic at Amgen, we recognize that we're in a fortunate position, and we're committed to doing our part to help during this time of need. Toward that end, the Amgen Foundation is supporting COVID-19 in a variety of ways, with a focus on communities where we have a significant presence. To give you just one example, we donated testing equipment in Ventura County, our home county, that effectively has doubled the testing capacity for COVID-19 here. 
Looking forward, we're confident in the future. We were in a strong position heading into the COVID-19 pandemic, and we expect to stay strong as we come through the other side of this. We remain focused on delivering sustained long-term growth, and we're confident in our outlook for that. As I've already noted, we have a number of important innovative medicines advancing in our pipeline, and the key programs remain on track from a timing perspective. 
Our integration of Otezla has been seamless. In Japan, we have now successfully completed the integration of our Astellas partnership. And we're already well advanced and collaborating effectively with our colleagues at BeiGene in China. All this gives me confidence that we're executing effectively around the world despite the challenges of COVID-19. Finally, 
[Audio Gap] 
a fact that will enable us to continue our capital allocation principles, which to remind you are to invest in innovation internally and externally while returning significant capital to our shareholders. 
Though the pandemic is still very fluid, and to be sure, the first few weeks of April have clearly shown some signs of disruption, the combination of our results from the first quarter and our expectation of an improving outlook for global health care activity give us confidence that the guidance we provided earlier in the year still incorporates the likely range of outcomes for our business in 2020. Peter will give you more color on this shortly. 
Amgen's strength has always come from its people. Like me, they believe in the power of science to make a difference in the world. We often talk about this being the biocentury, the golden age of innovation for biology. We may have met our challenge of the century in SARS-CoV-2, but I hope, however bleak this pandemic may seem at times, that all of you share our optimism that this virus will ultimately yield to the relentless efforts of the biopharmaceutical industry and wrestle it to ground. I'm proud of the team at Amgen for coming together to support each other and all those we serve during such a challenging time. I'm proud also of the work we are doing with our industry colleagues to tackle the COVID-19 challenge. 
With that, let me turn over to Dave Reese, who will provide a pipeline update. Dave?

Well, before my closing remarks, we'll go to Q&A. So let's -- Ian, let's open it up for Q&A and remind our callers of the process that we'll follow. Thanks.

Just to state the obvious, Jay, we would have liked to have spent more in Q1, but we were getting a little bit disrupted there, as you know, at the end of the quarter. So we'll see what it's like for the remaining 3 quarters of the year.

Well, Tim, we're not going to go into details on that. Obviously, we continue to feel confident in the intellectual property around Enbrel, so let's leave it at that for now. Thanks.

Chris, maybe I could just add a comment about manufacturing. Obviously,
[Audio Gap] 
protein. We have great expertise, manufacturing at scale. And we think one of the things we can bring to the party here is our ability to supply a vast number of patients with our antibody.

I think the environment is pretty fluid still, Geoff, so I wouldn't try to -- I'm not sure I'd like to declare an answer to your question at the moment but other than to reiterate that -- and we think we're in a strong position. We've talked about our balance sheet, and we talked about our desire to allocate capital to our internal innovation as well as the external innovation. And as you know, we're pretty focused on our strategy, and we'll look to see whether there are things externally that can help us strengthen our chosen areas. But maybe the other thing I would add just as a way to reiterate my appreciation of my Amgen colleagues is we had 3 very significant and successful integrations in the first quarter. So it was a priority for us as a company to get off to a good start with Otezla and with BeiGene and with our Japan transaction. And we really feel we've done that over the first 4 months of the year, so I feel good about that.

Robyn, before Murdo answers, let me make sure we heard that you said how comfortable are we writing or are doctors writing, did you say, Evenity prescriptions on telemedicine?

Right. Thanks.

I don't know about the course of 2020, Dane. We're -- those are 2 areas of keen interest for us for sure, oncology and inflammation. And we will continue to look for attractive, innovative assets that we think we can add value to. The trick is always to be able to license or acquire molecules at a price that leaves return for our shareholders. And we're pretty comprehensive in the way we assess the marketplace, and we'll continue to keep an active watch and see whether there are some things that might be a good fit.

Let's come back to him.

Yes. That's a really interesting question, Carter, and one that I think we'll get a lot of attention once things have settled down a little bit. It's still awfully fluid to be trying to predict how the experience of COVID-19 will affect our industry or our business model. But we'd be happy to engage with you on that topic at greater length, again, when the dust has settled a little bit. 
But fundamentally for us, our supply chain is in great shape. We, unlike some of our peers in the industry, predominantly manufacture in the U.S., obviously
[Audio Gap] 
the people who work for us there are U.S. citizens. And so we have the benefit that the vast majority, nearly all of our manufacturing is done in the U.S. So that supply chain question is a little bit less relevant for us than some of our industry peers. But I do think that this isn't going to be the last viral challenge that we face as a society. And I think we'll all be trying to improve our business continuity planning and thinking when we come out of this to make sure that we're in as strong a position as possible to avoid interruptions from events like this. But I think there'll be a lot of learning across the whole economy, including the biotech economy. So we look forward to talking to you about that at the right time.

Well, Dave, since I've talked a little bit about M&A and business development already on the call, why don't we let you take a crack at this? So what areas -- what mechanisms are most intriguing to you in your R&D colleagues at the moment?

Well, I think everybody recognizes that we're going to need science and innovation to lead us out of this challenge that we find ourselves in globally. So 
[Audio Gap] 
importance of innovation, a little bit of humility perhaps in all camps about how hard it is to have the right innovation available for the world at the right time. So the good news is that the government, the innovators, academia, everybody are working together at a speed and a scale that I've never seen in my career. So I think that's a good sign, and hopefully, we'd be able to look back on this one day and say that it worked. We've got a special ecosystem, in particular, in this country. And hopefully, we'll be able to look back and say, when we faced the biggest challenge of our lifetimes, the industry came through and delivered what we needed. And if we're able to do that, I think it inevitably will help remind everybody that we haven't generated all the innovation we need as a society. There are still lots of areas of unmet medical need. And again, the more we can do to address it the better. But the question of drug pricing is not going to go away, but hopefully, there'll be some respect for how profoundly important innovation is.

Okay. Let me just wrap up, recognizing that it's pushing on 7:00 on the East Coast. Again, let me reiterate our appreciation for you joining the call. I hope what you take away from the call is that we delivered a solid quarter 1. We feel we're executing the business well. Our objective will be to remain an effective steward of the business through the short term. We want to be a leading corporate citizen through this challenging period as well. And we will remain focused on delivering long-term growth by advancing innovation in those areas that you're familiar with at Amgen. 
So thank you all. Keep safe. Look forward to catching up with you on the next quarterly call.