Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and I thank all of you for joining us. Halfway through the year, we're making clear progress in delivering on our strategy for long-term growth, and at the core of this strategy, of course, are innovative first-in-class medicines addressing serious diseases globally. While our strategy embraces medicines like BLINCYTO, which is our bispecific T-cell engager, for example, with its large effect size in a specialty market, our strategy also explicitly addresses diseases where the unmet need is measured in many millions of patients. Over time, we think this balance is going to be essential and expect that increasing global price pressures will highlight the importance of products that can deliver sustained growth through volume gains rather than annual price increases. 
Prolia is a great example of this. Now more than 10 years after launch, it once again posted double-digit volume growth this quarter and its long-term prospects remain bright as there are still millions of women at high risk of fracture who are not yet on a preventative therapy like Prolia. 
The recent launch of EVENITY will enable us to extend our industry leadership in bone health and bring more options to positions seeking to address the global epidemic of osteoporosis. More generally, Prolia points the way for other products in our portfolio, like Repatha, Aimovig and potentially, tezepelumab. 
Let me touch briefly on Repatha. I think all of us know that cardiovascular disease is a leading health problem globally. The numbers are so large that some seem to have been numbed or lulled into a sense of complacency about them, but that's changing, partly because after decades of decreasing morbidity and mortality, the trends have worsened and the death rate from heart attack and stroke is now actually increasing in the U.S. and internationally. We know one of the reasons for this is that LDL levels are too high in too many people. We believe Repatha offers a solution to that problem for many people. And given demographics, health systems cannot continue to ignore the meaningful uptick in cardiovascular events and deaths. It will only get worse without more widespread use of innovative medicines that address atherosclerotic disease. We see increasing recognition of this here and abroad, and of course, we're seeking to do our part including taking actions as we did last year in a competitive context to lower the out-of-pocket costs for patients to use this therapy. We will continue to advocate for high-risk patients and those who recognize the urgency of getting in front of the glowing -- growing problem of heart disease in our society.
With Aimovig, our first-in-class CGRP medicine, we're transforming the treatment of migraine. Like Prolia and Repatha, it addresses a chronic debilitating disease afflicting millions of people worldwide. We recently presented important new data at the American Headache Society meeting, demonstrating that Aimovig's efficacy improves over time. We expect this medicine to be of increasing importance to migraine sufferers and a key growth driver for years to come. 
Turning to our growing hematology and oncology products, we posted 10% growth for KYPROLIS, XGEVA, Nplate, Vectibix, IMLYGIC and BLINCYTO, which together are annualizing at more than $5 billion revenues. We see more growth ahead from these medicines. Our confidence in BLINCYTO was bolstered by the compelling 5-year survival data we reported in MRD-positive ALL patients. Based on this and other data emerging from our BiTE platform, our confidence in that therapy is high. 
The demand for innovative medicines is growing rapidly outside the U.S. and the larger European markets. Looking at demographic trends, we expect this to continue for some time. That's why we've made international expansion an important part of our strategy. We're beginning to see measurable returns from our efforts. Internationally, our volumes were up 18% in the second quarter. And if you look at markets where we were historically absent, like Japan and China, you can also see the benefits of our strategy coming to light. Japan was the first country to approve EVENITY globally and was our first market launch. We're very pleased with the uptake there. Similarly, BLINCYTO is performing well in Japan. And overall, we're encouraged by the performance of our Amgen-Astellas biopharma partnership. 
China, though it is still early days for Amgen, represents another attractive long-term growth opportunity for us, and we're encouraged by the progress in advancing our medicines for that market with the early launches of Repatha and XGEVA. 
At Amgen, whenever we talk about delivering in the long term, we're always clear that you only get to deliver in the long term if you succeed in the short and medium term. Our results in Q2 show that we're doing that. With pressure following patent expirations across a number of our products, we maintained strong operating margins, attractive returns on our capital and ongoing steady return of cash to our shareholders in dividends and buybacks. And our stewardship of the business is also reflected in our competitive market share performance across our mature and recently launched portfolio of products. We'll be staying closely focused on execution and productivity as we seek to invest in the long-term opportunities that will enable us to reestablish our long-term track record and growth. 
Our long-term opportunities include many novel first-in-class therapies across all phases of our pipeline. One of these, of course, is AMG 510, our KRAS G12C inhibitor, which has generated significant interest and continues to move very rapidly through the clinic. 
We anticipate many important data readouts across the portfolio over the next 12 months as we advance therapies against cancer, cardiovascular disease, respiratory disease and other inflammatory disorders. 
Additionally, I'd like to note, in Q2, we bolstered our industry-leading human genetics capability with our collaboration with Intermountain Healthcare, and we added a new important research platform through our acquisition of Nuevolution. Dave Reese will share more information about our pipeline as well as these collaborations when he talks about research and development in a moment.
Now let me share a couple of thoughts with you on the drug pricing debate here in the United States, noting first that the environment remains fluid. The administration and Congress, as you know, are considering various proposals, but it is too early to speculate on whether there will be any changes and if there are any, what the impact of them might be given that the process is still playing out. 
I know the Senate Finance Committee bill, in particular, has attracted attention and is an important example of this focus, but many provisions in the bill remain controversial and will likely be modified before advancing. 
Amgen's particularly focused on ensuring that patients benefit more directly from any savings that are generated by legislation that's advancing, and we think that, in general, more can be done to help patients who bear, in present anyway, a disproportionate share of drug costs through out-of-pocket expenses. And we'll continue to engage in a thoughtful dialogue with the administration and Congress on drug pricing issues, and we're committed to find ways to drive change that still promotes innovation and respects our market-based initiatives that will help address financial and societal burden of some of the world's most serious diseases. 
One solution to alleviate some of the financial and societal burden is through the introduction of biosimilars. Last year, we launched our first biosimilars in Europe, KANJINTI, our biosimilar to Herceptin, and AMGEVITA, our biosimilar to Humira. A couple of weeks ago, we launched KANJINTI and MVASI, our biosimilar to Avastin, in the U.S. We believe biosimilars will play an increasingly important role in helping to address issues of access and affordability in the U.S. and around the world, and we're excited to be a leader in this emerging space.
I'll end by highlighting that we continue to generate strong cash flow, continue to invest in R&D aggressively and to prudently return excess capital to shareholders. We're in a strong position to grow our business organically and externally, but we'll remain disciplined in business development opportunities.
As I stated earlier, Amgen is executing well, and we remain excited about our long-term outlook. I'll turn the call over now to David Meline, who will review our financial performance. David?

Okay. Thanks, David. Ian, now let's turn to questions. And out of respect for the fact that we started an hour later than usual, we'll try to move briskly through this, so if you could please remind our callers of the procedure for questions, we can get started.

Okay. Ronny. Thanks for the question. We'll take it in 2 parts. Murdo, do you have the answer to the first question on the 150?

Yes. Sure. With regard to colorectal, the majority of patients that we're reporting going forward will have been treated at 960 milligrams. As you may recall, at ASCO, we only had, I think, one patient at that point who was on that dose level. And so we'll provide updates in that particular indication as we accumulate data towards the end of the year and the first part of next year when we have enough patients at the target dose to get a real sense of the clinical activity. 
In terms of potential registration plans, we would assume that lung cancer will be the lead indication going forward. As I mentioned, in the coming days, we will be enrolling in the Phase II portion of that program. We're moving very, very rapidly, and we'll provide updates on that particular pathway as we go forward. But I would say we've had productive discussions with regulatory authorities and have a good sense of the pathways moving forward.

Yes. I think, Matt, as we've said in the past, in general, we will prefer the half-life extended program, all things being equal, meaning seeing efficacy and safety profiles that are comparable to what one would expect with a short half-life or a first-generation BiTE. Based on emerging data, I think we're getting increasing confidence in the half-life extended program, and we'll look forward to sharing those data across both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors as we go forward.

Yes. There's a few questions in there. I'll take these in parts. Go ahead, Evan -- or sorry, go ahead. Go ahead, Murdo.

I think I'll just add there, Evan, from a policy perspective there. Some in the industry who are advocating for changes that would favor biosimilars over the innovator molecules, we are not among them. We think that what the country needs is a long-term, vibrant competitive marketplace for biosimilars, and our fear would be anything that tilts the playing field. 2 biosimilars might perversely have the long-term effect of diminishing the competitive opportunity in the U.S. And we want to avoid what has happened, for example, in the small-molecule generic industry in the U.S., where there are unfortunate market abuses relating to the fact that there are single companies left with the license to manufacture individual generic products. So we think that for the long run, what the country needs is a vibrant competitive market for biosimilars, produced safely and reliably by competitors that can run a fair return for their effort. And we think we'll be able to do that without having to have policies that tilt the playing field in favor of those biosimilar molecules.

Sure. Geoff, I understand that you're anxious for an answer from the courts, and of course, so are we. We are, as you know, confident in the intellectual property surrounding Enbrel. So we don't know any more than you do about when we will expect that, when we should expect that decision. But if for whatever reason, that decision were to surprise us and go against us, as you can imagine, we would appeal that because, again, we feel that we have robust intellectual property for the molecule and we intend for that intellectual property be respected. So I think as to the hypothetical question about competition for Enbrel, we'll defer discussing that, Geoff, at this time. Thanks.

Yes. So taking those 3 parts in turn. Yes, these are resist responses, which is what I alluded to by saying formal tumor responses. It is a patient niche in colorectal cancer and appendiceal cancer. These -- many of the patients dosed have yet to have repeat scans done, so we expect in the coming few months to have a large amount of additional data at the target dose. Recall that we just opened the expansion cohort not long ago and have had a flood of patients enrolling on that. We are continuing to see very good tolerability. I've been involved in Phase I drug development for a long time now, and I can say I'm only very impressed with the emerging safety profile that we are seeing with AMG 510.

Dose levels. Going forward, it's all at the 960 milligrams.

Yes. I'll be happy to address that question. So the question is around Lp(a). We've seen, I would say, very encouraging data in the healthy volunteer portion of the first-in-human study. We are now dosing patients with elevated Lp(a) levels and expect to move into the next phase of that development program based on the promising clinical data that we've seen to date in the early part of next year. We -- like the siRNA approach. I can't comment specifically on other's molecules and antisense oligonucleotides. In the long term, safety will be a critical component of any of these development programs. In addition, I would point out that something like siRNA will probably be required to tackle Lp(a) because of the nature of the molecule and the types of modalities that will be necessary to actually lower levels.

I think, Terence, as I said in my remarks, we have a strong cash flow, a strong balance sheet. We think the company is performing well. And we think we can grow the business organically, and we're also looking at ways to grow through business development. So we're -- I'd expect that we will continue to be disciplined looking at opportunities and our stated areas of therapeutic interest in the geographic regions where we have stated our desire to expand. But again, we have a world-class business development effort, and we continue to look at opportunities, large and small.

Yes, thanks for the question, Jay. First, the European Patent Office upheld our intellectual property for Repatha and upheld the innovative contribution that we've made to the field with that product. The German courts found that they infringed obviously that IP and instructed them to -- will be removed from the market. Sanofi filed an appeal and that matter is under review. Our focus, of course, will be on making sure that whichever patients need a therapy are able to receive it, and we think we're in position to be able to satisfy the needs of that market. But I think you're right that Germany is another market now where our IP has been upheld. As I said, the European Patent Office upheld our IP more broadly in that region. That follows Japan, which has also found in our favor. And of course, as you know, we've had 2 trials in court in the U.S. on the matter, both of which where jury trials had found in our favor. So the IP process continues to move forward in Europe, Asia and the United States.

Yes, sure. I'll be happy to address that. So the Nuevolution acquisition actually grew out of a partnership that we had with them on programs that was quite successful. And when we looked at the breadth of expansion of that potential partnership, we thought that simply bringing them onboard made sense. In terms of their existing obligations, obviously, those are things that we will fulfill as we move forward. I would point out that we plan on and have established them as Amgen Research Copenhagen, and they will remain a stand-alone Amgen research site going forward. And we're incredibly enthusiastic about what we think is world-leading technology.

I think, Salim, we look at a range of opportunities. I think valuations have been stretched. It's been hard for us in some of the things that we liked to find transactions at prices that we think can earn a return for our shareholders. It's easy to earn a return for the target shareholders where we're keen and focused on trying to earn the return for our shareholders. So that's clearly been a consideration for us more than anything else, I think. But again, we continue to look for opportunities and fully expect that by being disciplined, we'll find ones that enable us to win for our shareholders and to invest in programs that can help us grow the company. So we're optimistic, we're pleased that we have the resources to be able to move forward, and money is not burning a hole in our pocket.

Sure. Let me just end where I started, which is to say that we're pleased with our performers through the first half of the year and excited about our long-term prospects, which we think are driven, in large part, by what we think will be unit volume gains across a number of our important products and excited as well about our innovative pipeline and the prospect of branded biosimilars adding to our top line. And let me just, finally, thank our Amgen staff around the world who continue to help us deliver on our mission to serve patients while remaining focused on driving value for our shareholders.