Okay. Thank you, Arvind. Thank you all for joining us. As you can see, we're off to a solid start in 2018, with 3% growth in product sales, leading us to 10% growth in non-GAAP earnings per share. We had double-digit unit growth in all of our new and recently launched products, including Repatha, KYPROLIS, Prolia and XGEVA. We also generated strong volume growth outside of the U.S. where our legacy brands have faced competition for some time.
Repatha, KYPROLIS, Prolia, XGEVA, and soon, Aimovig, are clear examples of innovative medicines that address real unmet needs. These will be important drivers of our long-term growth. In addition, we continue to invest in R&D to develop new game-changing medicines like omecamtiv, tezepelumab and, in the earlier stage, molecules like our IL-2 mutein, all of which have clear potential value propositions for patients and society.
In addition, the broad promise of our BiTE platform is coming into focus across a number of molecules in our cancer pipeline. The recent approval for BLINCYTO in ALL patients with minimal residual disease gives us confidence in this approach to immuno-oncology for both liquid and solid tumors.
We're looking forward to launching Aimovig, our first neuroscience therapeutic, which is, in turn, a first-in-class CGRP antibody for migraine prevention.
Together with Novartis, we're ready to launch Aimovig this quarter in the U.S. We hope to redefine migraine prevention for relevant patients, physicians and payers, given the urgent unmet need and the pent-up demand for a better therapy in this disease. Current therapies do not adequately address this debilitating disease, and migraine has gone underappreciated and under-treated for too long.
Later this year, we'll see our biosimilar effort begin to come to fruition as we launch AMGEVITA, our biosimilar of HUMIRA, internationally. We have a compelling opportunity to leverage our decades of biotechnology experience to create and reliably supply high-quality biosimilars to patients worldwide. While gaining regulatory approval of biosimilars has proven challenging for many in the field, we have successfully executed on our plans receiving first cycle approvals for AMGEVITA and MVASI, our biosimilar to Avastin. 
We have our next opportunity for approval with KANJINTI, our biosimilar version of Herceptin, on May 28 in the U.S.
We believe biosimilars can be an important growth opportunity for us as we begin to launch our products globally.
Our balance sheet and after-tax cash flows are strong, enabling us to invest in long-term innovative growth opportunities and to return capital to our shareholders. Our priorities for the use of cash continue to be investment in innovation and supporting the launches of our growth products while continuing to build out our global presence.
Following tax reform, we announced plans to build a new state of the art next-generation biomanufacturing facility in Rhode Island, which will result in creation of many new, highly skilled jobs. This new plant, which is the first of its kind in the United States, will employ Amgen's proven next-generation biomanufacturing capabilities and manufacture products for the U.S. and global markets. 
As for business development, we continue to look for innovative opportunities that are consistent with our areas of strategic focus, while remaining disciplined about the path to earning return for our shareholders.  
We have a strong track record of returning capital to our shareholders, which we plan to maintain. Since initiating our dividend 7 years ago, we have raised it, on average, 25% a year, while also returning excess capital through significant programmatic share buybacks, like those which we've undertaken this year. 
Briefly addressing the political environment, let me say that over the coming weeks and months, we will continue to work with Congress and the administration to advocate for policies that improve the affordability and access to important new medicines while seeking ways to constructively modernize the Medicare program. 
In closing, let me just thank all of our Amgen staff around the world. As I look at our business today and into the future, our outlook remains strong as we continue to deliver for patients and shareholders. 
Let me turn the call now to David.

Okay. Thank you, Sean. Ian, why don't we turn over to our question time now, and perhaps you could remind our callers of the procedure for asking questions.

Well, I'm afraid your phone line was breaking up so we couldn't hear the question. Do you want to try to repeat that? And then, Ian, if we can't hear it this time, maybe you can recycle her towards the bottom end of the call. Sorry, why don't you try again. Let's see if we can hear you.

Not great. Why don't we get you on a different line and ask our operator, Ian, to help you get back in the queue.

Nothing new, Terence. As I said in my remarks, we're continuing to look at ways to use our balance sheet to strengthen the business, continuing to look at ways to invest in innovation. So we've made our, I think, our points on that topic well-known, and I wouldn't say there's been any change over the course of the last quarter.

I think we have a track record of being pretty disciplined in the way we evaluate targets. Our focus is on being confident that we have a pathway for our shareholders to earn a return but we're looking for ways to invest in our industry. We're interested in innovation that aligns well with our 6 therapeutic areas that we focus in and opportunities that are consistent with our desire to advance innovation globally. But I think, Mike, historically, the valuations have been challenged in this sector. We see a little bit of adjustment taking place now and we'll continue to be thoughtful in reviewing all the different opportunities that we think can help us earn a return for our shareholders and help make a difference for patients.

Our focus, Umer, is on finding opportunities to invest in innovation where, again, we think we can make a difference, innovation that's focused in areas that are important to us and opportunities that enable us to continue to expand our global footprint. So I think speculation rises and falls through time in our industry, but our focus on those things has been consistent, as has our determination to have a pathway to earn a return for our shareholders through our business development activities.

And Nick, I'm not sure as well as you're referring to manufacturing, but anyway, you can follow up with Arvind and his team who are here for a while this evening if we didn't get to the full breadth of your question. Anyway, let me just wrap up by thanking you all for joining the call. As you can see, we're off to a good start here at the first quarter of 2018. We think we're in a strong position heading into the balance of the year and we're feeling confident about the long-term outlook for growth of the company. So we look forward to joining with you again here after the second quarter. Thank you.