Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Through the first 6 months of the year, Amgen has continued to execute well, driving demand for our current products globally while also paving the way for growth from future products. 
Total revenues in the second quarter increased 5% over the prior year and 11% over the prior quarter. We achieved this growth despite the lingering effects of COVID-19 and increased competition in many of our therapeutic categories. 
We continue to see strong volume-driven growth from Repatha, Otezla, Prolia and EVENITY and a number of our oncology biosimilar -- or excuse me, oncology medicines as well, all of which address significant health challenges. 
We also saw strong growth in the quarter from our biosimilars, supporting our commitment to deliver value to health care systems around the world. We generated volume growth of 22% outside the United States, and we're particularly encouraged by our progress in the Asia Pacific region where 2 notable approvals in the second quarter should provide additional growth moving forward. 
In China, our partner, BeiGene, secured approval for KYPROLIS, which joins BLINCYTO and XGEVA in our oncology collaboration there. And in Japan, the approval of Aimovig for migraine marks another important milestone for us in that market. In the U.S., we're excited by the strong launch of LUMAKRAS, which is providing hope to lung cancer patients in need of new treatment options. We're very pleased with the enthusiasm LUMAKRAS has generated in the oncology community. 
We're also excited that the FDA granted priority review to tezepelumab, further confirming our belief that it offers significant advantages over currently available treatment alternatives for people with severe asthma, a debilitating disease that affects millions worldwide. 
We've long sought to complement our internal innovation efforts with the best available external innovation. And in the first half of this year, we've executed on several compelling business development transactions, which fits squarely in our stated areas of interest. 
The acquisition of Five Prime Therapeutics and our partnership with Kyowa Kirin, for example, have added 2 potential first-in-class Phase III-ready assets in cancer and inflammation, 2 therapeutic categories where there remains high unmet need. 
The acquisition of Teneobio, which Dave will address in a moment, will significantly strengthen our protein engineering capabilities across therapeutic areas. Our strong balance sheet and cash flows will enable us to take advantage of additional business development opportunities like these as they arise. 
All the work we do is focused on advancing our mission to serve patients and to do so in a way that helps to address the many challenges facing society. You may have seen our recently announced plans to invest approximately $1 billion to build 2 new manufacturing facilities, 1 in North Carolina and the other in Ohio, to meet the demand for our medicines. Both facilities will utilize cutting-edge technologies to be much more efficient and environmentally friendly than traditional plants, supporting our goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2027. Both plants will also draw from very diverse talent pools as we, along with a number of other large companies that are part of the OneTen Coalition, look to collectively hire 1 million black Americans into well-paying jobs over the next 10 years. You can learn more about our commitment to good corporate citizenship by reading our ESG report, which can be found in the responsibility section of amgen.com. 
Finally, before I turn things over to Murdo, let me thank my Amgen colleagues for their continued commitment to serving patients around the world and delivering strong performance across all aspects of our business. 
Murdo, over to you.

Okay. Erica, let's open the lines for questions. Maybe you could remind our callers the procedure and our desire for them to ask one question so that we have the opportunity to get to everybody who has a desire to ask a question of us. And I feel sure our callers would like to know that it's Arvind's birthday today. So bear that in mind when you ask questions of us here this afternoon. Okay, Erica, open them up.

Great. Murdo, do you want to answer Ronny?

Yes. Thanks, Carter. We're very enthusiastic about this molecule. Atopic dermatitis is a disease, widespread prevalence, actually global populations. Despite existing therapies, we think there is a very large amount of residual unmet medical need. Patients often cycle through therapies given the novel mechanism of action you're targeting the OX-40 pathway, we think there is quite a big opportunity to have a real impact in this field. 
As I mentioned, we'll be presenting the Phase IIb data at the end of September at one of the major European dermatology meetings. And I think there, you'll get a sense of our thoughts on dosing and what things may look like going forward. And of course, as we have discussions with regulators, we'll outline our plans on the Phase III program, which will, in all likelihood, be a suite of studies. Let me ask Murdo to comment a little further here.

Yes. Thanks, Cory. As we've discussed before, we're looking at both direct combinations and sequential therapy here. So -- and I think you can see -- you can expect to see data from both of those sometime through the first half of next year or so as we accumulate enough data to define what the relevant path forward is with checkpoint inhibitors. So more to come there, but we continue to actively work on these development programs.

Yes. So Ally, I'll just repeat what I've said many times before, which is that our business development efforts are focused in the areas where we have ongoing strong research presence and/or commercial presence. So you're right, we've been active in oncology and in the immunology area. We continue to look for opportunities in both those spaces as well as in general medicine. And to the extent that we see things that we think we can add value to in nephrology or bone health or in the migraine area, we'll look there as well. So we have active efforts underway, and we look, again, across the marketplace actively and with a focus on how we can earn a return from our shareholder -- for our shareholders from the assets that we might license or acquire.

Let me just -- sorry. Just quickly, I don't think I addressed your nephrology question. We don't have as much active research in nephrology and bone at the moment and -- because we haven't seen internally opportunities to advance novel therapies there. We think the medicines we have are addressing the needs in the marketplace very effectively. But to the extent that there are things outside of Amgen that fit well with our 30 years of leadership, for example, nephrology or with our global leadership in bone, then we pay close attention to that as well.

Okay. Erica, as we're pushing up against the top of the hour, why don't we take our final 2 questions?

Let's go to the final question.

Okay, Erica. Well, let me just thank our callers for joining the call today. We're excited about the second half of the year. A lot going on here. And so we look forward to having the opportunity to gather with you in October and update you on the next quarter. Appreciate your interest in Amgen. Thank you.