Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. 
Heading into 2020, we feel ready for the challenges of a new year, and we're feeling encouraged by the progress we made in 2019. Once again, this past year, we met and exceeded our financial targets. We advanced key elements of our long-term growth strategy, and we serve more patients around the world with our growing portfolio of medicines. 
2019 was the transition year we had long been preparing for as many of our off-patent legacy products faced new competition. I believe we managed this transition well, as evidenced by the fact that we delivered earnings growth in 2019 and will return to top line growth in 2020. 
In 2019, drug prices in the U.S. actually fell overall for the first time since 1974. In anticipation of this challenge, we repositioned the company's expense base and embedded productivity initiatives over the past several years that are serving us well. In addition, we reshaped our product portfolio, committing to medicines that can deliver growth for us, primarily through volume increases rather than price increases, products like Repatha, Aimovig, Prolia, EVENITY and most recently, Otezla. 
In 2019, we delivered 3% volume growth globally and 19% volume growth outside the United States. We're seeing especially strong performance in our Asia Pacific region, albeit from a small base. Over the next decade, we expect this region to account for as much as 25% of Amgen's growth. 
For the full year in 2019, volume in the region grew 62%. Over 2/3 of that growth came from our joint venture with Astellas in Japan, the world's third-largest pharmaceutical market. Just a reminder that this collaboration reverts fully to Amgen on April 1, enabling us to do business in Japan through a wholly owned subsidiary for the first time. 
Our strategic collaboration in China with BeiGene closed a few weeks ago, and we're excited by what our 2 companies can achieve together in the world's second-largest pharmaceutical market. 
2019 was also a watershed year for us for our biosimilars business. We delivered our first several biosimilars to market on time and on budget, and we believe we are in the early innings of what can be an important growth opportunity for us over time. 
Through the end of Q4, the business was already annualizing at over $1 billion, and we will add to our portfolio later this year with the launch of AVSOLA, our biosimilar to REMICADE. We also expect that AMGEVITA, our biosimilar to Humira in Europe and other parts of the world, will benefit from our recent acquisition of Otezla. 
A key pillar of our growth strategy continues to be bringing to market first-in-class or best-in-class medicines that deliver a large effect size for patients suffering from serious illnesses. The world is growing older, wealthier and more urban, and these megatrends mean that the world will need more biopharmaceutical innovation, not less. We intend to be a leader in delivering that innovation. 
We expect several important data readouts from our pipeline in 2020. We expect data for AMG510, our KRAS G12C inhibitor; for tezepelumab in allergic and nonallergic asthma; for omecamtiv in heart failure; and for Otezla in mild to moderate psoriasis. In addition, we'd expect to generate some important data across our BiTE portfolio in 2020 as well, and Dave Reese will provide details on all of this shortly. 
Last year, we also expanded our commitment to discovery research, strengthening our world-leading human genetics capabilities through a number of collaborations while adding large-scale proteomic data as well. We remain excited about how our approach is enabling us to identify and pursue new targets and the patients who stand to benefit most from them. 
Everything we see in our company and across the industry continues to make us feel that we're living in an incredible age of biotechnology innovation. Across diseases, we're seeing more and more reason to be optimistic about the next breakthrough for patients. At the same time, we know that governments and individuals are struggling with how to pay for these breakthroughs. 
We accept the responsibility to be part of the solution, both in advancing innovation that really matters and in providing innovative ways for patients to get access to it. In an election year, there's bound to be much discussion about health care, and we look forward to engaging with other stakeholders to promote market-based solutions that promote innovative medicines and affordable access to them. 
Just as we recognize that we need to be a constructive stakeholder to help sustain the robust ecosystem that exists for biotechnology innovation in the U.S., so too do we recognize and accept the need to be part of the process of addressing other environmental, social and governance matters that are of concern in our communities today. 
To that end, several years ago, we set targets for reducing our carbon emissions and water consumption by the year 2020. Having hit those targets in 2019, a year earlier than planned, we are now developing a next set of goals that we will share later this year. These goals will include a further commitment to our next-generation manufacturing technologies, which have a much smaller environmental footprint than traditional biologics manufacturing and enable us to operate at a lower cost, too. 
Now let me turn over the call to our new CFO, Peter Griffith. You'll recall that Peter joined us in October, and he'll take you through the details of our performance in 2019 and our outlook for 2020. Peter, over to you.

Okay. Thanks, Dave. Ian, why don't we open the lines up for questions now and please remind our callers of the process.

Yes. So Chris, just to remind you, we have 6 commercial franchise areas, of which nephrology is one. Obviously, that was our first, and we've been a leader in that area now for several decades. We have a number of important products for nephrologists today. And we intend to continue to serve the needs of patients and physicians and providers, et cetera in that community. 
We have not found in our own discovery research efforts that we've been able to find the kinds of game-changing innovation that we want to invest in from a discovery standpoint. So we're not investing in discovery, research in nephrology right now. But we are going to look for business development opportunities there. And in general, our strategy when it comes to business development is to look for medicines that make a big difference for patients suffering from these diseases. So we'll look for innovation and large effect size. 
I don't know that I used the word game changer, but if I did, that's what I was intending to reflect, the notion of large effect size, innovative medicines. So to the extent there are some in the industry or otherwise medicines where, again, we think because of the historical investment we've had with this community of patients that we can add real value, we'll look.

Okay. Those are good questions for Murdo. Why don't you go ahead, Murdo?

I can take a stab at the first part of your question and, Murdo, I invite you to jump in. But since we made those undertakings before you were part of the team, Murdo, the notion that we articulated was that we were going to advance a portfolio of up to 10 biosimilars that we expected that these could be an attractive growth opportunity for the company. And we're off to a good start. 
As you heard me say earlier, at the end of the fourth quarter, we were annualizing in excess of $1 billion. So we're off to a good start. We're on time, we're on budget with these programs. And the gating item is simply product approvals and product launches. So we remain enthusiastic about our chance to earn a return from these products. 
And as to the specifics of IPI, just to say, in general, we obviously would be concerned. We think quite a few other stakeholder groups would as well about the disruption that IPI would represent to the innovative biopharmaceutical industry. And we think there are better ways to evolve our system in a way that ensures patients have access to medicines at affordable prices. 
But Murdo, feel free if you want to add anything specific about IPI and biosimilar landscape.

Okay, Umer, let's try to go through that. I think there were 3 questions there. So Murdo, do you want to take the first 2 on the revenue? Just clarify what we said. And then, Pete, you can help clarify the OI&E, other interest and expense line item.

Sorry, Robyn, repeat the last piece of your question? What do we [indiscernible]?

Good. Well, let me -- I'll knock off the Medicaid piece first, Ronny. It's -- for those who are on the call who aren't aware, CMS released some guidance earlier today, so we and others are still chewing through it. I think it will have very limited impact at first read of it for us. But it's likely to be relevant for those states that didn't opt into ACA in the first instance. And we'll go through it, as well, I'm sure others in our industry, more closely to see whether there are any specific issues for our business. But it didn't seem to me, Ronny, that, that was going to be a concern for us in 2020. 
Dave, do you want to tackle the Sloan [indiscernible]?

So Ian, I know we've got several calls -- or several questions still queued up. So we'll try to get through those. Apologies that we're beyond the top of the hour here, but let's go on to the next question.

Okay. Ian, I think we've got 2 more calls. Why don't we try to get them, and then we'll wrap up.

And I think we've addressed that. But why don't we just reiterate for you, Gavin, what we think is behind that.

Okay, everyone. Thanks for your patience. Sorry, we went a little bit past the allotted hour. But let me just conclude by saying that we feel good about where we ended in 2019, managing through what was always going to be a transition year for us. And we think we're on the cusp now of a period of new product revenue growth. So we look forward to that, and we look forward as well to the important clinical data that is expected, particularly towards the second half of this year. 
So I'd be remiss if I didn't just take a moment to thank as well the Amgen staff around the world who continue to work so hard every day to deliver on our mission to serve patients. So thank you to them, and we look forward to having a chance to talk to all of you in April after the first quarter. Thanks.