Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. When we last spoke in February, we told you that we'd be focused on execution and that we have a number of opportunities in place that should enable us to deliver long-term attractive growth. 
In the first quarter of the year, we executed well on these many opportunities, delivering 6% revenue growth and 15% earnings per share growth. We achieved this performance despite the effects of COVID during the first 2 months of the year, currency headwinds, and of course, net selling price declines. 
The innovative brands that we highlighted in February continued to generate strong volume growth in the first quarter, including Repatha, which was up 49%; Prolia, up 10%; EVENITY, up 59%; and Otezla, up 7% as well as several of our oncology products, which also generated attractive volume growth in the quarter. 
Our 2 newest innovative medicines, LUMAKRAS and TEZSPIRE, are off to a strong start offering compelling new treatment options for patients suffering from non-small cell lung cancer and severe asthma, respectively. And we're also pursuing significant new indications for both of these products. 
Let me just say, with respect to the 5 high-quality biosimilars we have on the market, that they're performing well and in line with our expectations. As we've noted previously, growth for the portfolio of biosimilar products over time will come through the steady introduction of new products, including the U.S. launch of AMGEVITA, our biosimilar to HUMIRA in January of next year. AMGEVITA is the first of 6 new biosimilars that we expect to launch by the end of the decade. 
International growth is an important component of our long-term strategy, and we saw a strong volume growth outside the U.S. of 15% in the first quarter and nearly 30% volume growth in the Asia Pacific region. 
Turning to our pipeline. We're advancing, as you're aware, a number of mid- to late-stage potentially first-in-class opportunities in inflammation, oncology and general medicine while continuing to invest in our innovative marketed brands and biosimilars. Since our business review, we've had important data readouts for LUMAKRAS, Repatha and ABP 654, which is our Phase III biosimilar candidate to STELARA. We have several more data milestones that come through the remainder of the year. 
Looking to the longer term. We continue to thoughtfully invest in an integrated set of discovery research capabilities, including human data and generative biology, as we look to significantly expand the number of targets we can pursue, reduce cycle times and increase the probability of our success. 
As to our commitment to innovation, we're committed to pursuing the best innovation available, whether it comes through our own efforts or is sourced externally, and our strong balance sheet and cash flows will enable us to continue to invest in innovation in both organically and through business development. 
Our work to serve patients comes at a time when society is confronting many challenges, and we're doing our part to address these, as we have throughout our history, with a focus in 4 areas: removing barriers that limit equitable access to health care, working toward a more just society, minimizing our environmental impact and ensuring that our actions and culture reflect Amgen values. If you're interested in learning more, our latest environmental, social and governance report was published earlier today and is available on our website. 
Before I turn to Peter, let me just thank my Amgen colleagues around the world for their commitment to serving patients and outstanding execution. Now Peter, over to you.

Okay. Thank you, Dave. RJ, could you remind our callers of the process for submitting a question? We're happy to answer questions now.

Yes, Mike, go ahead.

Why don't I take the last piece of that? And Dave, why don't you respond to the first? I'll start. I think Murdo wanted to comment as well and could jump in. Thanks, Jay. I think you raised an incredibly important question. As you're all aware, cardiovascular disease is 1 of our 3 principal areas of therapeutic areas for research. It remains an area of focus for us going forward. It remains the #1 public health burden in terms of morbidity and mortality across the globe. And that, in part, is what spurs our commitment here with Repatha. Murdo will comment in a minute, but we believe there is tremendous opportunity to serve patients on a hypothesis that's probably the best proved in medicine in terms of LDL cholesterol. 
You mentioned the Lp(a) program, Olpasiran, or AMG 890. Just to remind everyone, Lp(a) is probably the single most important driver outside of LDL cholesterol in terms of the pathogenesis of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. As I noted, we're looking forward to, over the next couple of months, Phase IIb data in those programs. And our goal would be to transition to Phase III as quickly as possible if those data replicate what we saw in Phase I. In addition, we have a very active preclinical research portfolio, I think, indicating our ongoing strategic commitment to this area. 
Murdo, maybe I'll turn it to you next and then Bob can talk about the business development.

Yes. And there, it's very simple, Jay. We've challenged our business development and research teams to find attractive innovation externally that we can add to our portfolio. So we're looking for things that we can add value to every day in cardiovascular disease as well as in inflammatory diseases and in cancer.

RJ, I know we've got several callers still hoping to ask questions. And I just want to give the callers a heads up that we'll probably go a few minutes over the top of the hour. So why don't we take the next question, and we'll do our best to get to everybody. And if we're unable to do that, then we'll -- obviously, Arvind and his team will be available later.

And Dave, do you want to catch the second piece of that?

Let me just thank all of you for dialing in. We appreciate your support and your interest in the company. As we've tried to convey through this call, we feel we're executing well here into the 2022 calendar year. And we look forward to being back together with you after the second quarter to report on our progress through the midyear. Thank you. Sorry, we went a few minutes over. Thanks.