Great. Thank you, Arvind, and thank all of you for joining our call. I'll start today by discussing Amgen's performance in 2020, and then provide some perspective on our priorities for 2021.  
By any measure, 2020 was a very successful year for us. Despite the disruption of COVID-19, we delivered strong sales and earnings, driven by volume growth of 15% for our products. We advanced our innovative pipeline, most notably sotorasib and tezepelumab, both of which have received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the FDA.  
We successfully integrated Otezla, strengthening our decades-long leadership in inflammation with a $2 billion-plus product that we believe has runway for further global growth. We grew our sales outside the U.S. to more than $6 billion, delivering on long-term goals by expanding our presence in China and Japan with successful transactions in both markets. We did all this while staying focused on the health and safety of our 24,000 employees around the world. And to all of them, I want to say thank you for a job well done.  
As we look to 2021, we're embracing 3 realities. First, COVID-19 is leading to some lasting changes in how we do business. For example, we expect to continue leveraging digital capabilities, call on customers and run clinical trials around the world with improved speed, efficiency, effectiveness.  
Second, we expect ongoing pressure on drug prices across the industry. We are fortunate to have products like Repatha, Prolia and Aimovig that meet the needs of millions of patients and can grow through increased penetration of the appropriate patient populations. Our industry-leading portfolio of biosimilars is also well positioned for the future.  
Third is capital continues to flow into our sector. We've entered a time of intense competition, where speed of execution is paramount. We've built a track record, featuring quality and speed. We've shown that with innovative first-in-class medicines like Repatha, the first approved PCSK9 inhibitor; and Aimovig, the first approved CGRP inhibitor. We showed it also with biosimilars like MVASI and KANJINTI, the first approved biosimilars to Avastin and Herceptin here in the U.S. And we're doing it right now with sotorasib, the first KRAS G12C inhibitor to be filed for approval just 28 months after we dosed our first patient. And we expect to do it again later in the year with tezepelumab as the first TSLP inhibitor.  
We're excited about our pipeline and plan on increasing our R&D investment in 2021. Dave will speak in a moment about some of our promising mid-stage pipeline candidates. But since this is the time of year when I like to address our long-term investments, I want to focus for a moment on a couple of areas central to our early research strategy. These are areas where we are building differentiated capabilities.  
First, in human genetics, where we have industry leading capabilities, we are adding to our database approximately 1 million subjects from the U.S. and the U.K. for whom we will have extensive phenotypic and genotypic information. This will augment the data we already have on in excess of 1.5 million individuals.  
In addition, we're pioneering the use of large-scale proteomics to measure the relative levels of some 5,000 different proteins in the blood. We're excited about the insights we're generating from this genomic proteomic work and expect to benefit in the selection of new drug targets and clinical trial design.  
There's growing interest in our industry in the area of targeted protein degradation, we believe the opportunity is broader than that, and our efforts are not just limited to degrading proteins. We're looking at degrading other biologic molecules as well. We're designing molecules to have multi-specific activity through a principle we call induced proximity. The idea is to use this platform to dramatically expand the universe of druggable targets. It's still early days in the field, but I wanted to flag it as an area where we want to emerge through time as an industry leader.  
All of our work is taking place at a time when more is expected of companies than ever before. Amgen is advancing an ambitious ESG agenda that includes providing medicines at no cost to low-income patients and funding world-class STEM education programs. With respect to the environment, we're committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2027, along with a 40% reduction in water use and a 75% reduction in waste.  
In summary, our success in 2020 gives me great confidence in our ability to deliver in 2021 and beyond. The world needs more innovation, not less, and we've proven ourselves ready, willing and able to provide it.  
I look forward to your questions a little later on in the call. Right now, let me turn over to Dave Reese, our Head of R&D.

Okay. Thank you, Peter. And Erica, let me invite you to remind our callers of our process for Q&A, and let's begin the question session.

Alethia, thanks for the question. Yes, we do get this one quite a bit about the combinations. What I will say is there's no generic answer here. The -- it's going to depend on line of therapy and indication, non-small cell lung cancer, of course, colorectal cancer and then some of the other indications beyond that. 
Typically, you're looking for a 15%, 20%, 30% increment on any given end point beyond standard of care, but also looking at the totality of the data. I think in many of these settings, in particular, progression-free survival and ultimately, overall survival. So given the safety profile we've demonstrated to date, those are the sort of efficacy metrics that we'll probably take a look at.

Terence, thanks for the question. As I said in my remarks, rather than calling it targeted protein degradation, we're describing it as our induced proximity platform. The intention there, as I said, is just to be clear that we think the technology that we're building can be used not just to degrade proteins but other molecules as well. So we're excited about it. This is -- as I said, again, in my remarks, long-term research strategy. And Dave and his team and I spent a lot of time with each other, trying to think about how to position for the long term. 
And in this area, will be both internal and external. I'd remind you that we acquired new evolution now 2 years ago for the purpose of helping to build out this set of capabilities. And I would imagine we'll continue to look, as I said, both internally and externally. Dave, feel free to jump in and add your thoughts.

Evan, I think we've been pretty consistent in saying that our focus is on investing in the business. So as we said in our prepared remarks, we're planning to increase our investment in R&D this year. So committing internally to continue to allocate capital to R&D opportunities. 
We'll continue to look externally. We'll look at small and larger opportunities like licensing and business development. They're very active in the areas where we have demonstrated expertise therapeutically. And that's what our focus very likely entail opportunities that sit well with the areas that we have demonstrated expertise in. 
And in terms of the balance sheet, rather than engage in hypothetical, we maintain a strong balance sheet so that we have strategic flexibility. And we'll consider individual opportunities as they arise.

There's a lot there, Dane, in your question. Murdo and I will just double team. But very quickly, let me remind you what we pointed out when we entered into a partnership with AstraZeneca, in particular, around the respiratory opportunity, which was that this that you point out, is a new area for us. We felt that we could deliver more for our shareholders and more for patients by collaborating with a group that had demonstrated expertise in respiratory medicine. And so we chose to partner with AstraZeneca, and we're pleased with that collaboration and look forward to taking the molecule market with them. 
And I would just point out that we came to this through our commitment to anti inflammation. Have decades of experience in the biology of information that we've been able to capitalize on with this program and hopefully, others over time. But Murdo, jump in and in particular, share your thoughts also on the solid tumor question.

Maybe I'll just take the first sense or 2, and then Murdo, you can augment however you'd like. But Carter, what I'd say is that when we acquired it, we said we felt we could achieve double-digit growth through the first several years of ownership, and we continue to feel confident in that. And that's a function of both potential for increased label range in the U.S. as well as the opportunity to launch in international markets. But Murdo, maybe you want to elaborate on the opportunity, the mild to moderate, severe opportunity.

Thanks, Jay. We're very pleased to get breakthrough therapy designation in China. As our filing plans move forward with our colleagues at BeiGene, we'll provide guidance about what those time lines might look like. It has a little bit different implications in China than it does potentially in the United States. 
And then one thing that we're looking at quite carefully is the epidemiology of G12C mutations. There is a suggestion that it may be a little lower in prevalence in Asian populations. Probably because they are mutually exclusive with mutations in EGFR, which are quite high in these populations, up to 40% in China and Japan, for example. So that will be an important question that we address. We've got active research collaborations now looking at just that. And Murdo, I don't know if you want to add anything about the commercial side in China.

I don't think it is, Salim, but I invite Dave to...

Well, thank you. Again, apologies for the fact that we went about 12 minutes over tonight, but we did want to get to all of your questions. So thank you for your interest and your support of the company, and we look forward to seeing you or being back together with you after the end of the first quarter. Thank you.