Okay. Thank you for joining today's call. I'll take a few moments to discuss our performance in the third quarter and then share some thoughts on the overall operating environment in a COVID context. 
We delivered another strong quarter. And you can see that in our revenue growth of 12%. And in addition, once again, this quarter, our revenue growth exceeded expense growth, enabling us to report earnings per share growth well ahead of revenues. 
Putting the results in a broader context, our double-digit increase in revenues was driven by the continued volume-driven growth of many of our innovative products, the strong uptake of our high-quality biosimilars and the relative stability of our base business, which is proving resilient in the face of increased competition. We expect these 3 factors to be key for our long-term success. 
Turning to COVID-19. Clearly, the pandemic remains an important factor affecting performance for Amgen and for our industry. You'll recall that Amgen grew revenues by 11% in the first quarter of the year, with the first 10 weeks of performance largely unaffected by the pandemic. In the second quarter, when conditions were at their worst, revenues grew by 6%. 
Our performance in the third quarter reflects an encouraging recovery from the depths of the pandemic and was largely consistent with what we anticipated for you in our remarks at the time of our second quarter call. As regards to the fourth quarter, we see the current resurgence in cases as a potential headwind for our business. We are closely monitoring this to see what the impact may be for the rest of the year and if there might be any spillover into 2021. 
We don't expect anything like what we saw earlier in the year as global health care systems know much more about how to treat COVID-19 and are better prepared to do so than they were earlier in the year. However, on the margin, we're not ruling out that there will be some impact, and we've tried to incorporate this into our planning assumptions for the fourth quarter and into the beginning of next year. 
Overall, I remain optimistic that innovation from the biopharma industry will break the back of this pandemic, vaccines, antibodies and other therapeutics that are being developed with unprecedented speed and collaboration. One thing this pandemic has exposed is the importance of innovation. And that, of course, is at the core of our strategy, and it's reflected in the first-in-class molecules that are advancing rapidly in our pipeline. 
We are pleased, of course, with the Phase II results of our first-in-class molecule sotorasib, and we expect to see top line Phase III data for tezepelumab, our potential first-in-class treatment for severe asthma by year-end. 
We're also making good progress with several of our half-life extended BiTE molecules, particularly in solid tumors, like prostate and small cell lung cancer. 
All the work that we do is taking place at a time when more is expected of companies than ever before. We understand these expectations and are committed to good corporate citizenship and sustainable operations. 
Before I turn things over to the rest of the team, let me thank our staff members around the world for their unwavering commitment to serving patients during this challenging time. Their resilience, creativity and ability to execute give me great confidence in our long-term future. Dave?

Okay. April, why don't we open up the lines for questions. And perhaps you could start us by reminding our callers of the procedures for asking a question.

Okay. Terence, it's Bob. Why don't I take the first part of your question. The answer -- the short answer is no. The omecamtiv results don't change our thinking on capital allocation. We continue to look for business development opportunities and continue to look for internal programs in cardiovascular disease. As you know, we're moving rapidly with our Phase II program directed against Lp(a), so we're excited to have some advance studies going for that molecule. And we'll continue to look for ways to invest in that franchise.
Cardiovascular disease, as you know, a leading killer of people on the planet. We continue to think what we need in that field is more innovation, not less. So we'll continue looking for that.

Sure. Briefly just with 9 or so weeks left in the year. We're encouraged that we continue to execute well. I think you see that in the numbers and in the progress that we're making in our market shares and in our pipeline. But we know that this is a year unlike any other. So we're trying to be prudent as we look at the balance of the year and the beginning of next year, particularly as regards to the risks posed by COVID-19. So we appreciate you joining our call. We look forward to seeing you or speaking to you in the new year. And in the meantime, Arvind and his team are here for any questions that you might have. Thank you.