Okay. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Today, we'll be discussing our second quarter performance as well as our planned acquisition of ChemoCentryx, which all of us here are very excited about. 
Starting with our operating results. We delivered strong volume-driven growth in the second quarter with unit volumes increasing 10%. Our innovative products performed well globally. Repatha, Otezla, Prolia and EVENITY all delivered double-digit sales growth in the quarter, while KYPROLIS, Nplate and BLINCYTO in our innovative hematology/oncology portfolio, all generated record quarterly sales. 
Our 2 newest products, LUMAKRAS and TEZSPIRE are both off to strong starts. LUMAKRAS is now being prescribed for patients with non-small cell lung cancer in 25 countries around the world. TEZSPIRE has made a big impact in a short period of time for a broad population of patients with severe asthma in the U.S. With our planned acquisition of ChemoCentryx, we'll be adding another newly launched innovative product to our portfolio, TAVNEOS, which is for ANCA-associated vasculitis, which is a serious and sometimes life-threatening autoimmune disease. TAVNEOS is a terrific medicine, the first innovation in this space in more than 10 years and very much needed given the harsh side effects of the older treatments and the seriousness of the disease. This product also fits right in Amgen's strategic sweet spot. Our decades of leadership in immunology and nephrology will enable us to add value to the TAVNEOS launch, reaching many more patients and much more quickly than would otherwise have been possible. 
You'll hear from Murdo in a moment, but let me just say that opportunities like this don't come along often. We're really looking forward to working with the highly skilled and committed team from ChemoCentryx to realize the full potential of this very innovative product. We think we can make a difference for patients and earn an attractive return for our shareholders from this investment. 
Dave will talk about the pipeline shortly. Our innovative and biosimilar molecules are proceeding well through the pipeline. Highlights, of course, include the really encouraging data for our cardiovascular molecule, olpasiran, which we expect to move into Phase III testing. On the oncology side, data from our BiTE or bispecifics in several solid tumors are giving us growing confidence in the role these molecules can play in diseases where there are still really big unmet medical needs like small cell lung cancer and prostate cancer. Across the board, our biosimilars are advancing to plan, setting us up for the growth of that business from future launches. 
Let me now turn to the current drug pricing debate in Washington. By now, it won't surprise you to hear that we're disappointed by the proposed legislation. For some time, we've been advocating for reforms that respect innovation and provide improved access to it. The proposed bill does neither. The bill will impose price controls, and price controls will stymie innovation. At a time when our nation needs more innovation, the result of this bill will be less of it. Adding to the problem, the bill does precious little to improve the affordability of medicines for patients. So when it comes to innovation and affordability, this bill is lose-lose for patients. 
Recent developments are no surprise, however. We've been positioning our business for some time for a world of compressed life cycles and prices. And if adopted, this legislation would accelerate those trends, and we'll adapt accordingly. We continue to believe that the world needs more innovation, not less, and our focus will remain on advancing more of it. Across inflammation, oncology and general medicine, we have a broad portfolio of innovative and biosimilar products meeting the needs of patients globally, and we remain encouraged by the prospects for our long-term growth. Through the first half of the year, our team performed well meeting the needs of the patients we serve. I'm grateful to them for their dedication to our mission. 
And let me turn now over to Peter.

Okay. Thank you, Dave. Jason, could you remind our callers of the process for asking a question?

Yes. Thanks, Jay. We -- as you can tell, we're excited about the fit. We expect our teams in inflammation and in nephrology will be excited to have this product added inside Amgen. And in terms of synergies, obviously, it's a very good fit, but we're focused on investing and growing this opportunity. We think we see some opportunities to help the team at ChemoCentryx reach even more patients than they have so far. So our focus will be on that. And so I don't think we really have much more to say at this point other than reiterating that we're excited about it. I think it addresses an important need in the marketplace. It makes a big difference for patients who otherwise don't have great alternatives available to them.

Sure. Murdo, why don't you start on the first question?

And with respect to Washington, Chris, obviously, we evaluated this in the context of the legislation, the potential legislation that's making its way through the Senate at the moment. And while as you point out, this is a small molecule product, we don't expect that there's any particular risk for this product as compared to other small molecules that could become subject to the price controls implied or implicit in the legislation. So again, we think this is an attractive product. The clinical profile looks really well suited to the needs of the marketplace, and we're excited to be joining the team with them.

Yes, you're going to catch the second piece of that, Murdo? And I'll address the first, which is with respect to [indiscernible], again, Salveen, as you know, this is still a potential legislation. So we'll watch carefully to see if it gets passed and, if it does, exactly what gets passed. So I don't think at this point, we'll say anything more specific than what I said in my opening remarks, which is that we've been advocating for reform that would promote innovation and improve patient access to it, and we'll be concerned to the extent that the legislation that passes doesn't do those 2 things.

Okay. Dave, do you want to take the first?

Yes. And, Umer, I'm not exactly sure what you're looking for in your specific question. But Murdo, go ahead and feel free to jump in.

And I'd say, Umer, that we're obviously attractive in the fact that it's still in an early stage of its launch, and we think we can add value to that, and the feedback from the marketplace has been encouraging. The prescriber and patient-based marketplace that is.

Matt, I don't think anything has changed. We continue to look for ways to invest in the business. And our focus is on trying to find the best innovation and to try to advance that particularly in the areas where we've been clear about our stated interest, so inflam, oncology and in the general medicine area. So we continue to look. There are obviously many more opportunities in the small and medium size than there are in the large size. But we, as I've said consistently through my tenure, Matt, we feel responsibility to look at all the options to add value for our shareholders, and we'll continue to do that.

We can take this in 2 parts. I think, with respect to KYPROLIS, obviously, we're encouraged by the ongoing performance of that. And more generally, the hem/onc portfolio, as you referred to, you talk about ongoing success of BLINCYTO. Again, we're very encouraged by what we see and what we think we can continue to do for patients in relapsed/refractory ALL. But I think you also raised the important point, which is that multiple myeloma is a very crowded space. And our decision with respect to 701 had a lot to do with our ability to get to market ahead of the competition or not. So we're prioritizing on those medicines where we think we can be best in class and first in class. And we have other programs underway that may be useful in multiple myeloma. And Dave, why don't you jump in.

Dave, do you want to address Evan's question?

Okay, Jason. I know we're a little bit past the top of the hour, but we've got a couple of more questions in the queue. So why don't we take a couple more? And then if we don't get to you, Arvind and his team will be around this evening for some time.

Yes. Thank you, Arvind. And again, thank you all for joining our call. We feel we've been executing well through the first half of the year, and we're looking forward to carrying that momentum into the second half of the year and obviously excited about the ChemoCentryx announcements and what that represents for the future of our inflam and nephrology franchises as well. So thanks for joining. We look forward to catching up with you after the third quarter.