Okay. Thank you, Arvin, and thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. As we look back at the first 6 months of the year and project forward to the second half, I'm very aware that we're still in the midst of a really significant global public health challenge and deep economic downturn. In that context, our results, which includes 6% revenues growth and driven by 13% volume growth. These are strong results, and they reflect the resilience of our people, strength of our operating systems and our success in continuing to supply every patient every time with the medicines they need.  
We remain confident in the long-term growth potential of innovative medicines like Otezla, Repatha, Prolia, EVENITY and Aimovig as well as our expanding portfolio of marketed biosimilars. Even in the second quarter, when we felt the depths of the pandemic, we delivered. Murdo will have more to say about that later and also about how we're navigating commercially through what remains a very dynamic week-by-week situation, especially in the U.S. and other parts of the world.  
As we find new ways to meet the needs of current patients, we're excited about the potential of the medicines in our pipeline to enable us to serve many more patients in the future. We expect readouts in the second half of the year for sotorasib, which, of course, is our AMG 510 in non-small cell lung cancer; tezepelumab in severe asthma; and omecamtiv mecarbil in heart failure. Encouragingly, we've restarted many of the earlier-stage clinical trials that we put on hold due to COVID-19 at the end of the first quarter and beginning of the second.  We're also exploring Otezla as a potential treatment for patients with COVID-19, and you'll hear Dave say more about that in a moment.  
In an environment of ongoing uncertainty, our strong financial position provides us with competitive flexibility. And as Peter will discuss in a moment, our financial strength enables us to continue to invest in the long-term growth of our business internally and externally, while also returning capital to our shareholders.  
We demonstrated tight control of expenses in the first half of the year. With health care systems operating more normally now, we expect to increase expenses, including for activities that were curtailed in parts of the first and second quarters.  
We're in a strong position heading into the second half of the year, and I just want to take a moment to thank the Amgen staff all around the world in their steadfast support of our mission. I also want to express our profound appreciation for all our partners in the health care community for the support that they've shown to the patients that we're trying to serve together. Look forward to answering your questions later on our call. But right now, let me turn it over to Murdo.

Okay. Erica, can you remind our callers of the procedures for asking their questions?

Murdo, do you want to touch on AVSOLA, which was one of the other questions Yaron asked.

Geoff, I would just say it's early days still. We're looking forward to seeing the actual language behind these executive orders. And we're pleased that one of the executive orders addresses the rebate mechanism. And we're very focused on, as you know, our view is the nation needs more innovation, not less. And the nation needs to have less innovations sitting stock on pharmacy shelves and making its way to patients. And one way to do that is to try to bring down the out-of-pocket cost for, in particular, seniors of the pharmacy. And we think the rebate rule, the executive order, as we understand it anyway, opens the door for that. So that feels constructive. 
Obviously, there's a lot of focus as well, Geoff, on this most favored nation or IPI-like executive order. But as far as I'm aware, the language on that is not available yet. And obviously, for us and I think for all the innovators in our industry, the idea of importing prices from socialized medicine countries where there are all kinds of other access problems for innovative medicines like ours, unlike those which U.S. citizens have access to, we think, is problematic. 
Now the good news for seniors in the United States is virtually all the innovative cancer medicines that you ask us about and that we're so excited about are available to our citizens. And it's a very different picture in other parts of the world, including other parts of the world that that order might reference. So we will watch with concern, but we think there are better ways to address the issue than that approach. So stay tuned. I'm sure there'll be more information on it as time passes.

And on business development, Robyn, I wouldn't point to any changes in our approach. We address this, I think, pretty consistently on prior calls. We're looking for licensing or acquisition opportunities in the areas of our focus. So we'll continue, I think, in particular, scouring the licensing landscape at the moment. So we'll keep you posted as opportunities develop.

All right, everyone. I want to wrap up so that we can close here at the top of the hour as promised. But let me just simply thank you for your ongoing interest and support of our company. I know we're all operating in unprecedented times here. But we feel like we're in a strong position, operating the company well and particularly grateful with our staff worldwide who are as engaged as they are in our mission even in this challenging time we find ourselves in. 
So thank you again for your ongoing support. We will be available to answer your questions if you have any follow-on call. And we look forward to connecting with you after the third quarter. Thank you.