Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and let me add to Arvind's welcome to all of you joining the call today. So we enter 2019 with a strong track record of execution and an improved ability to innovate, compete and grow over the long term. We feel now well positioned to capitalize on the growth opportunities presented by our newer products in our pipeline even as we effectively defend our mature products against emerging and expected new competition. As you know, drug prices are being challenged around the world, and we, therefore, have said for some time that we expect volume-driven growth to be important to our long-term success. And in Q1, we once again demonstrated our ability to grow unit volumes, especially for our newer products like Prolia, Repatha and Aimovig as well as for of our 6 hematology/oncology products that are in early phases of their life cycle.
I believe our performance outside of the U.S., where we have faced biosimilar competition for over a decade, is instructive. There, our business generated 15% unit volume growth in the first quarter as growth of our newer products more than offset the erosion of our mature brands and biosimilar competition. We remain confident in the life cycle management strategies we have in place to defend our mature brands, and we believe there is considerable upside potential with our newer products that will drive attractive long-term growth.
As a leader in bone health with Prolia, we know that there's a need for additional innovative therapy for women who are at high risk for fracture from postmenopausal osteoporosis. In Q1, we added EVENITY to our portfolio of first-in-class innovative medicines with approvals in Japan and earlier this month in the U.S. Postmenopausal osteoporosis remains a highly underdiagnosed and undertreated disease with potentially devastating consequences from fractures, many of which are predictable and preventable. And we're excited to be at the forefront of offering innovative products to the millions of women worldwide who may benefit from them.
I want to take a moment to highlight our biosimilars business, which, we think, represents a compelling opportunity to leverage our world-class biologics capabilities. This business is now annualizing at more than $200 million this year with KANJINTI and AMGEVITA off to strong starts in Europe and select other international markets. We expect other launches this year, and we see biosimilars making important contributions to our revenue profile moving forward, especially as pressure on drug pricing creates increased demand for lower cost treatment options. Murdo will discuss our full product portfolio in some detail shortly.
Looking to the future, we are rapidly advancing a robust pipeline of innovative medicines, many of which have the potential to be first-in-class or best-in-class therapies. In oncology alone, we're capitalizing on our industry-leading BiTE portfolio and targeted therapies across a number of important disease areas, including multiple myeloma, AML as well as various solid tumors. As you know, oncology programs can move very rapidly from proof-of-concept to registration and we're excited about what we're seeing. You'll hear more from Dave Reese on our pipeline in a moment.
Our strong balance sheet and cash flow has enabled us to provide significant returns to our shareholders through buybacks and dividends, even as we invest in long-term volume-driven growth opportunities around the world. Our financial strength also gives us the ability to consider a wide range of business development opportunities consistent with our areas of strategic focus, while remaining disciplined to ensure we earn a solid return for shareholders.
Let me just say a few words also about health care reform in drug pricing. Simply stated, we're in favor of policies that provide more patients with greater access to better health care. And we continue to work with the administration and Congress to advance policies that harness the competitive power of the marketplace, encourage innovation and improve access to new therapies for patients. For example, we're supportive of the administration's proposal to move from back-end rebates to upfront discounts in order to lower out-of-pocket costs for patients. Even in the face of net price declines, as we experienced last year, patients are not seeing the benefits of rebates. In fact, out-of-pocket costs for patients have been rising in recent years, which underscores the need for the administration to move forward with its final rule.
We'll just close with one final message, which is that we will build on our recent transformation successes, and have the resources and determination to take advantage of the many opportunities in front of us to meet our competitive challenges and to deliver long-term growth.
Now let me invite David to share his remarks on the first quarter.

Okay. Thank you. Let's open the line up now for questions, and perhaps I can ask our operator to remind you what the procedures are for submitting your questions. Thanks.

Well, it's a proposed rule, as your question implies, Terence. And that enabled quite a bit of commentary and the administration has received something like 4,000 comments from different groups, including quite a wide range of physician groups and patient groups that were concerned about the proposal. It won't surprise you to know that we're concerned about it. We've expressed that concern as well. We're not interested in seeing patient access to innovative new medicines and physician choice impaired by a potential rule like this. So we and others in the innovative industry have expressed that to the administration. And I think if you compare the situation in the United States where patients have access to innovative medicines very rapidly, in fact, if we just look at cancer, 95% of the new cancer medicines are available to Medicare patients here in the U.S., and that compares to about 65% of the same medicines being available in France. And by the way, in France, they are available some 21 months later. So to a cancer patient, that can mean the difference between life and death. So we're not in favor of a rule like this that might have the effect of diminishing access to innovation and impairing investments in innovation over the long term. Having said that, we have been working with the administration around other proposals that we think, can help address the concerns of the administration and we'd like to continue to do that. So we think there are some things that the administration could pursue that would enable the government to get access to the market prices and still enable physicians and patients to use the medicines that they think are appropriate for these diseases.

On the court case, nothing new to report. As you know, we're waiting for the judge to rule and nothing new to report there.

What was your second question, Yaron?

Sorry. Go ahead, Yaron.

Dave, do you want to get both of those?

And then in terms of the Aimovig data at the American Academy of Neurology meeting, which is starting in 4 or 5 days, we do have what I think are some very interesting data, long-term safety and efficacy data in both chronic and episodic migraine. The abstracts for those who are interested are up now. In chronic migraine, for example, we were able to show that roughly 2/3 of patients were able to convert to episodic migraine, meaning fewer than 15 migraine days per month. And on average depending on the population and the dose, the number of migraine headache days per month was reduced by 8 to 12 days per month. That's a very substantial clinical impact for these patients as you can imagine. So those data are coming out within the next week or so.

Right. And there are, in those patients, complete responders, which is remarkable in this disease.

Yes, sure, Mike. I can understand that. On the first one, we feel pretty strongly about the IP case that was presented. And so obviously, if the judgment were to go against us, we would immediately appeal. But on the Aimovig partnership, look, the first thing to underscore is that the teams in the field are committed to doing what's right for patients here. And it's unfortunate that we have a dispute with our partner about this matter, but that's why we have a dispute resolution option specified in a contract like this. So we feel that our partner is enabling a competitor product, and so we want to pursue that matter in court and that's where we are. But as I said, that will probably play out over a period of time. And in the meanwhile, both teams are committed to continuing to pursue this therapy for those patients who benefit from it.

And Cory, from a clinical perspective, I would reiterate what Murdo said. What we hear from physicians, experts is that they see it at a low incidence. It's clinically quite manageable. They don't really view it as any sort of barrier at all.

Okay. I think there were several questions there.

Okay. We have time for 1 or 2 questions, so we...

Yes, I'd be happy to address that question. I mean that's -- we designed that study from a technical perspective just the way we design any study based on expected magnitude of effect, target population, all of the typical statistical calculations that go -- in clinical perspectives that go into study design. We weren't using anyone else's trial as a template for that study, and I wouldn't call it validation of anything, but internally consistent results from that trial alone.

Okay. Thank you. Well, in closing, we're off to a good start in 2019, and I hope you share our team's enthusiasm for our long-term prospects. We have a number of medicines that are in-line portfolio that can and we expect will benefit significantly more patients as we grow longer term. And we have an emerging portfolio of branded biosimilars, which we've talked about, and we think would be a new source of growth for us. We're advancing a record number of potential new medicines in our pipeline targeted at some of the most prevalent, costly and serious diseases facing society today. Our financial strength, I think, is evident, again, this quarter, and our durable cash flows will allow us to continue to invest in the business, but also provide meaningful returns for our shareholders and deliver transformational innovation for patients. Most importantly, I want to just end by thanking our staff who are fully engaged and behind our mission and thank them for the work they did to get us off to a solid start in 2019. We look forward to talking to all of you at the ASCO Investor meeting, and then at the second quarter call in July. Thank you.