Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and let me welcome all of you to our fourth quarter call. While the bulk of this call will be dedicated to discussing our performance in 2018 and our outlook for 2019, I'd like to begin the call today by discussing the transformation journey we've been on at Amgen for the past 5 years. One aspect of that transformation was significantly improved financial performance. 5 years ago, we made a number of financial commitments, earnings per share, margin expansion, and so forth. I am pleased to announce that we met or exceeded each one of these ambitious financial targets. David will provide more specifics on this in a few moments. 
The larger goal of our transformation, however, was to dramatically enhance our ability to compete. And here, too, we've made great progress. Over the past 5 years, we launched 9 new products, including in 2 new therapeutic areas; expanded our global presence to about 100 countries; generated our largest ever number of innovative and first-in-class molecules in our pipeline; reduced our development cycle time by an average of about 36 months; expanded our industry-leading human genetics capabilities; stood up a biosimilars business; and deployed a first of its kind, highly efficient, next-generation biologics manufacturing capability. While our transformation is not complete, we're in a much better position than ever before to serve patients and to deliver long-term growth.
Our performance in 2018 is a good example of our capabilities. We generated double-digit, volume-driven growth, which is a key focus of our strategy, from innovative medicines that address serious unmet needs, including Repatha in cardiovascular disease, Prolia in osteoporosis, KYPROLIS in cancer and Aimovig in migraine. Our ability to develop and commercialize innovative therapies is particularly illustrated in the early success of Aimovig, our first-in-class, differentiated biologic for the prevention of migraine, where we quickly established and have since maintained a leadership position. We also believe that biosimilars represent an important, evolving growth opportunity. We achieved several important milestones with our biosimilars portfolio last year, including our first 2 launches, and we expect many more milestones in the years to come. Life cycle management has also been an important source of our performance over the last several years. We believe we will continue to generate strong cash flows from mature brands, including Enbrel, Neulasta, and our ESA and calcimimetic franchises. Murdo will provide more details in a moment about our commercial success.
Our R&D strategy is aimed at advancing differentiated, best-in-class or first-in-class molecules that deliver large effect sizes against serious illnesses. We have made tremendous progress both in terms of the quantity and quality of potential new medicines in our innovative pipeline. We continue to leverage our industry-leading human genetics work at deCODE to identify, prioritize and accelerate R&D programs with genetic validation. And we've made great strides with respect to the speed with which we are advancing our pipeline, cutting years out of the cycle time for certain molecules, several of which will have important data read-outs this year. Dave Reese will cover our position in R&D in greater detail momentarily. 
As you're well aware, innovation is flourishing in our industry, and with the flow of new medicines, there are acute concerns about the price of innovative therapies and ensuring patients have access to them. We remain committed to working with the administration and congressional leaders in the House and Senate as well as stakeholders throughout the health care system to address concerns over the cost of prescription drugs without sacrificing innovation. You will recall our decision to forego price increases scheduled for July of last year as well as our recent decision to lower the list price of Repatha by 60%. In fact, our net selling prices declined in 2018 and will decline further in 2019. For many Amgen medicines, there are no planned price increases. As has been the case for the past few years, our strategy for growth will be driven by volume, not price. Our fourth quarter product sales growth of 8% is evidence of our ability to succeed in this new environment.
With a solid balance sheet, strong and consistent free cash flow generation, robust investments across the portfolio and a thoughtful capital deployment strategy, we are confident in our ability to drive long-term, volume-driven growth and provide attractive returns for our shareholders. I'm excited about the future of Amgen and the potential for long-term growth, driven by medicines like Repatha, Prolia, KYPROLIS and Aimovig, our emerging portfolio of biosimilars and the many potential new innovations advancing rapidly through our pipeline. While we have profoundly transformed the company over the last several years, our mission to serve patients has not changed. And on that note, I'd like to thank my Amgen colleagues around the globe for their continued devotion to supporting Amgen's mission to serve patients.
With that, let me turn the call over to David Meline, our Chief Financial Officer.

Okay. Thank you. We've covered a lot of ground now. Ian, why don't we open up the line to questions? And if you wouldn't mind, please remind the callers what the process is for asking questions.

Okay. There's a couple of questions there. First, on Neulasta, I think both Murdo and David addressed this. Murdo, do you want to reiterate what you said on the call?

David, do you want to just...

On the guidance more broadly?

And on the question, Terence, of when we're going to -- when we expect to hear from FDA...

I think, Geoff, if you look at the oncology portfolio, just that segment alone, I think we're expecting report results on 7 of these assets during the course of 2019. So this would be an active year for us to share data with all of you.

Why don't we do it in 2 parts? David, why don't you address Sensipar?

Sure, Michael. I think our view on this has been consistent now for a while, which is we're looking at opportunities to invest in the business. Our focus is on innovation. We're likely to look most closely in those areas where we feel we can add value and create value for our shareholders. So that would imply the therapeutic areas that we're focused on. We do think there will be opportunities. We think we have the flexibility to look at those, the balance sheet and the management resources to look at those transactions. And with stocks down considerably from where they were a year ago, I would expect that we will continue to look and look across the waterfront of small and larger deals. Obviously, there are more smaller ones than large ones. So we tend to spend more of our time looking at those but we're consistent with what we said now for a while. We're looking across the waterfront to find ways to invest in the industry in ways that we think we can add value for our shareholders, not just the target shareholders.

I think I'd reiterate, Geoff, what we've said in a variety of different ways, which is we think we're well positioned now to deliver on our long-term growth aspirations. So look forward to doing just that.

Well, Cory, as you pointed out in your question, we were in the District Court defending the intellectual property around Enbrel. We feel good about the intellectual property surrounding Enbrel, but the District Court needs to render a judgment and we think it will happen at some point later this quarter. And then obviously, it could even be later than that, Cory, but then obviously, whatever the decision is, I'll remind you that Sandoz has agreed they infringed. The question is whether the IP is valid. And whatever the decision, I'm sure you can expect that there will be appeals. So this process will run on now for a little while, I would suspect.

I think the other thing -- maybe I'll add, Kennen, on that, is we think we're in pretty good shape here. We think -- we're excited to run the trial and establish biosimilarity, safety and efficacy. And with the recent patent decision in Europe in our favor, we're looking forward to having those data, seeking registration and beginning to serve patients.

Sure. Thank you all again for dialing in to our fourth quarter call. We're excited about the outlook for the future. I hope by now, we established with you and our shareholders, as I know we have with our staff, a good track record of delivering against our financial commitments, and we look forward to doing that again this year. With the actions that we've taken to transform the company, we think we're well positioned to deliver our long-term growth aspirations. And we're encouraged, as you've heard us say in this Q&A, about the momentum that we see for our newer products and the pipeline of differentiated first-in-class molecules we've been rapidly advancing. So with our strong balance sheet and cash flows, we expect to continue to invest in this business and to deliver return for our shareholders. So thanks for joining, and we look forward to talking to you again in April. And of course, in the meantime, Arvind and his team are here to take any questions if you didn't get a chance to ask them on the call.