Okay, Arvind, thank you. On today's call, I'll provide an overview of our performance in Q3, speak to the progress we're making in delivering our strategy for long-term growth and share some thoughts on the current health care environment.
Let me start by acknowledging that, while we're in the midst of a period of high volatility, driven by a variety of macro and political factors, our fundamental objectives of innovating for the benefit of patients and delivering for shareholders remain intact and unchanged.
Looking to the future, there are bound to be headwinds, but we're confident in our ability to navigate them from a position of strength. You see evidence of that strength reflected once again this quarter in our healthy balance sheet, strong cash flows and efficient cost structure.
We've said for some time that we expected growing pressures on drug prices in our industry. We can all see that plainly today. And with price under pressure, having innovative products which can deliver volume growth by meeting the needs of large numbers of patients is ever more important.
We have several such products, and you can see the benefit of this in the third quarter, where our new and recently launched products had double-digit unit volume growth.
We believe differentiated products like Prolia, Repatha and Aimovig offer attractive long-term growth prospects. Prolia continues to build strength globally, and there continues to be large untapped potential in the area of osteoporosis. With Repatha, we're taking steps to open up access and improve patient affordability to this important therapy. Our announcements this past week are significant and reflect our commitment to lower out-of-pocket costs for patients, especially in Medicare, in order to help ensure that patients who need Repatha get Repatha.
Our new product story continues to unfold with Aimovig in migraine prevention. I'm sure it's not lost on you that Aimovig is off to a very strong start and, in fact, is shaping up to be one of the industry's most successful recent launches, reflecting the pent-up demand that exists in this area.
People suffering from migraine and their physicians have been waiting for years for an effective new therapy, and they've reacted very well to Aimovig.
We believe biosimilars can be an important growth driver for us as well as we're now launching KANJINTI, a biosimilar to Herceptin, and AMGEVITA, a biosimilar to Humira, internationally.
Our innovative pipeline is moving very quickly. As you know, we aim to allocate capital to R&D, where we believe we have innovative first-in-class molecules with the potential for large effect sizes in serious diseases.
Over the past few months, we've introduced 7 such programs into the clinic. Dave Reese will talk more about these in a moment.
From a capital allocation standpoint, we've continued with our share buyback and dividend increases, and we'll continue to take a disciplined approach to business development, where we believe we can create value for Amgen's shareholders.
Turning to the political and policy environment for drugs in the U.S., this obviously remains very topical. We don't expect this to end anytime soon. We remain committed to working with the administration and elected officials to advance market-based reforms that will promote competition and improve access to new therapies without undermining our nation's innovative ecosystem. The U.S. leads the world in discovering new cures and treatments for serious diseases, and we believe our society benefits from embracing this innovation. If our objective is to lower health care costs and improve population health and productivity, what we need is more innovation, not less, and we need a system that ensures access to it.
Let me end by thanking our staff for their efforts this past quarter. I know they're working hard to finish the year on a strong note, and I'm grateful to their dedication -- or for their dedication to our mission. 
Let me turn it over to David.

Okay. Thank you David. And as Arvind noted earlier, Tony Hooper is on the call with us, and though he will be at Amgen beyond year-end, this will be his last quarterly earnings call with us. This is a ritual that's been part of his life for the past 13 years. So Tony, before we start Q&A, is there anything you want to say to the listeners?

Okay. Thank you. With that, why don't we turn over to the Q&A. And Ian, if you'd just remind our callers of the process that we use for that purpose. Thanks.

Sure, Matthew. Early days still, but we like what we see so far. As you know, we've launched our 2 products, KANJINTI and AMGEVITA. And as I said, early days, but so far so good. So we have a portfolio of 8 other molecules advancing through the clinic, and we look forward to launching those internationally as well. Murdo, you -- any incremental thoughts from you are welcome.

Why don't we take the answer in 2 parts, Geoff. I'll kick off. As you know, we've been able to demonstrate double-digit volume growth now quarter after quarter in international markets. And I think that reflects the recognition of the value of our new products. And we do expect international growth to be an important part of our long-term strategy for delivering that to our shareholders. And again, I think it's still early days for us, in particular in Asia and some of the other emerging markets, but so far, we're encouraged by the results. Murdo?

Okay. Again, we'll take this in 2 parts. Why don't I start with the -- your question about the political environment and then kick it to Murdo to respond to your question about Aimovig. With respect to the proposal, I think I'd start with your question which is that, at this point, it is just a proposal. We expect there will be quite a bit of interest in China to help shape the eventual outcome of that. But our objective and our commitment is to continue to work with the administration and Congress to try to improve the competitiveness and access for innovative drugs in our system, and that includes in Part B. We think there are some things that can be done to eliminate unnecessary costs and friction in the system and make sure the patients who need innovative therapies can get them, and we'll continue to advance those ideas in our discussions in Washington. But again, I just would underscore, it's a proposal at this point, and there will be plenty of time to see the proposal take shape. Murdo, do you want to address the question starting with the comment that there's no differentiation between the products?

I think on pricing, Terence, it's premature for us to be offering any comments about 2019 pricing. So I think we're all aware of what the environment is for pricing now globally, and we'll just leave it at that for now.

Why don't we ask Dave to respond to your question, Chris?

The litigation's underway now, and we don't have a time line for when the deal's process will be run there. But obviously, this will be visible as part of the normal legal process. And David, you can just reiterate what you said about guidance for the balance of the year, if you'd like, with respect to...

Okay, Robyn. We were having a little bit of difficulty hearing you at times during your question. So I don't know that we want to give specific percentages in response to your question, but Murdo, go ahead, I'll invite you to offer any thoughts.

Dave...

Sure. Geoff, our orientation is to try to position the company to deliver long-term growth for our shareholders. So our focus is on delivering a portfolio that can generate long-term growth, and that starts with innovation, the ability to demonstrate the value of that innovation and then the ability to capture the benefit of it globally. So that's what we're focused on. And you're right, we've positioned the company to be, we think, in a strong position to deal with the kind of headwinds that the industry is dealing with at the moment. And in addition, we have some of our own individual patent expirations, but we think we're in a good position to manage through those as well. At the same time, as you point out, valuations have been volatile and have started to come down for some of the earlier-stage companies in our sector, and we'll continue to look for opportunities, and I suspect our well-capitalized peers will as well, opportunities to advance innovation where we think we can do that through business development that adds value to our shareholders. So we're paying close attention to it, as you would expect, and we will continue to do that. As with respect to the cadence, though, Geoff, I wouldn't like to comment on whether we'll see an increase in activity or not, but I think it's fair to observe the prices are adjusting in the sector.

So Ronny, 2 very different questions there. First, with respect to biosimilars, as you know, we're advancing 10 products in aggregate. They address a market of $65 billion-plus of revenue opportunity. We've said that we think this can be an important growth driver for us. We have talked in the past about this being a, potentially, a multibillion dollar business unit for us. We're pleased so far. We've been operating on time and on budget in this area. We've noted that it's proving difficult for some of our competitors, but we expected that, that would be the case. So, so far, we like our hand in biosimilars, and we think that this can be a growth driver for us. But to state the obvious, we have been and we will continue to be driven by our innovative portfolio of products, and that's not going to change as we advance our 10 biosimilar molecules. So while they can contribute to growth, the balance of our business is still going to remain overwhelmingly an innovative-led business. And with respect to your question about the pricing environment in this country, obviously, we think that innovation and having access to it are critical. We think the United States has benefited from innovation, making it to the citizens in this country more rapidly than in other countries. And we think that, if you look across diseases, our citizens are benefiting from the availability of new medicines more quickly and more comprehensively than in other countries, and what we're focused on is seeing both that the innovative ecosystem is maintained and that patients can have access to it. As I've said -- or as I said earlier on this call, particularly in an aging society, we think what's required is more innovation not less and a system that enables people to get access to that innovation swiftly. So that's what we're focused on, and I think you can see that's what our trade association has been focused on as well.

Okay. Let's answer it in 2 parts. Dave?

Thank you for the question. It's a great question. Our feeling is that we're actually very well positioned to have a potentially transformative impact on this disease. Our view is that combinations of these agents will be used going forward. And the goal, I think, really now, is cure or functional cure for this disease. Someone trained as an oncologist, that's not a word you use slightly, but I think it's warranted here and we would view this as a collection of agents that we think we can use in the right combinations to really drive towards that kind of outcome as opposed to a series of one-offs.

All right. We might just start to answer your question, Salim, with Dave Reese since you're asking questions about a clinical program.

Well, Brian, the closing arguments are expected in that trial later this year. I think late in November, we're expecting closing arguments, and then sometime thereafter, likely months thereafter, we'll have the judge's decision. And then I'm sure whichever way the outcome is, you can expect there will be challenges in the appeals process. So at this point, why don't we just simply reiterate that we stand by the intellectual property of Enbrel and we look forward to having an opportunity to validate that intellectual property through this court process. Okay. I think -- let me thank you all for joining us on the call, and I hope you can see from our report of the third quarter that we continue to deliver solid financial performance. We're ready for the changing competitive environment that all of us, I think, in this industry face, focused on developing innovative first-in-class therapies, and we're excited about the 7 that we talked about, just having introduced them to the clinic, doing our parts and working with our colleagues in the industry to improve accessibility and affordability for our products. And finally, excited about the level of engagement that we continue to enjoy from our staff around the world. So thank you all for your participation in the call. And as usual, our IR team will be standing by if you have any further questions.