Okay. Thank you, Arvin, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin the call today with some comments about our third quarter performance while also touching on the industry environment and how we're responding to it strategically.
Several years ago, we realized the need to transform certain aspects of our business to stay ahead of the curve and position ourselves for a sustained long-term growth. Anticipating pressure on drug pricing, for example, we emphasized the importance of innovative medicines that can grow over time through volume and access increases. And that's what we're seeing again in the third quarter from brands like Prolia, Repatha and Aimovig generating double-digit volume increases. It's not just these brands that are exhibiting volume growth. A number of our specialty products, including Parsabiv, KYPROLIS and Blincyto, also registered double-digit volume increases, and in aggregate for our portfolio, this is the seventh quarter in a row that we've reported volume growth globally. We think that bodes well for our long-term outlook.
As you're aware, drug prices have indeed come under pressure. In the U.S. for the first time in more than 40 years, as the Council of Economic Advisers recently reported, CPI prescription drug index actually declined over the previous 12 months by 0.7%. This broad price decrease in 2019 is consistent with our own experience. Against this backdrop, a flow of innovative medicines that address major unmet medical needs will be more important than ever. As Dave Reese will discuss in a moment, we're excited about our pipeline and we're investing to rapidly advance it.
Thanks to a set of productivity capabilities embedded throughout our organization, we've been able to increase our R&D spending this year, up 8% in the third quarter, while keeping overall expenses flat. We've been especially focused on building differentiated capabilities in Discovery Research. For example, we think recent collaborations with the U.K. Biobank and Intermountain Healthcare will enable us to extend our industry-leading human genetics capabilities. Over time, we expect a better understanding of human genetics will enable us to dramatically improve both R&D cycle times and success rates. And with our Nuevolution deal completed earlier this year, we're positioning Amgen for what we anticipate will be a new era of multi-specific drug development, focusing initially on targeted protein degradation.
We've made a strategic decision several years ago to build a branded biosimilars business, leveraging our world-class Biologics development and manufacturing capabilities. Our first 3 biosimilars, AMGEVITA, KANJINTI and MVASI generated about $173 million in the third quarter and are annualizing at approximately $700 million. We expect our growing portfolio of reliable, high-quality biosimilars to be an important growth opportunity for us in the years ahead.
The demand for quality health care is growing globally and this has led us to steadily expand our geographic presence. In the third quarter, our product sales outside the U.S. grew by 15% with volume growth of 23%. We expect sales outside the U.S. to account for an increasing percentage of our total product revenues over time. We're excited, for example, to have recently launched Repatha in China, our first product entry into the world's second-largest pharmaceutical market. We expect this to become an important market for us through time just as we can now see Japan emerging as an important new opportunity for us. 
In 2020, we look forward to assuming full ownership of our very successful collaboration with Astellas in Japan, the world's third-largest pharma market. We think our portfolio of product is well suited to the needs of an aging population in China and Japan, particularly. 
And finally, let me reiterate that we're excited about our planned acquisition of Otezla, as announced in August. Amgen has been a leader in the treatment of inflammatory diseases for decades. With Enbrel, our recent launch of AMGEVITA in Europe, pipeline opportunities like tezepelumab, Otezla will significantly strengthen our inflammation portfolio. It will also enhance our geographic presence as we're acquiring global rights to the product, which is approved in more than 50 markets worldwide.
We expect the Otezla acquisition to close before the end of the fourth quarter, giving us an asset that will add to our long-term growth. Of course, we look forward to welcoming the Otezla team to Amgen. 
Our capital allocation priorities remain intact. We'll continue to invest in the growth of our business internally and through business development aligned with our stated strategy while also providing attractive returns to our shareholders through our growing dividend and continued share repurchases.
Before I turn the call over to David, let me just note that I'll say a few words about him and his planned retirement at the end of our call. David, over to you.

Okay. Thank you, David. Let's turn over now, Ian, to you and perhaps you can open up the lines for questions and remind our callers of the procedures that will follow.

Yes. David, why don't you take a shot at that and I'll offer any thoughts at the back end.

I would just add, Ronny, just on the last point that half the genes in the body are expressed in the brain and only the brain, and we think we have some unique resources to try to capitalize on insights around that. And as Dave suggested, we'll be exploring potentially different models for doing that with venture capital and perhaps academic institutions as well. 
And I think more broadly, we're focusing our efforts on where we think we can be successful. So we're focused, as you know, in cardiovascular disease, inflammatory disease and -- cardiovascular disease, oncology, of course. So those are the areas that we're focused on and expect to be successful advancing molecules in those areas over the coming years.

David, I think you've been pretty comprehensive with margins. Do you want to add anything for Terence?

Dave, I think there was a third question in there about KRAS.

Different region, Murdo, but do you want to comment on the experience with inflam in Europe?

Let's take it 2 parts. Dave, why don't you start?

Ian, as it's past 6:00 p.m. on the East Coast, why don't we take 2 last questions, after which, Bob will make a few concluding comments.

Okay. Thank you. Let's wrap up. 
Let me just note that we're pleased with our performance through the first 9 months of the year. We hope to share our enthusiasm for the long-term outlook at Amgen driven by our recently launched innovative products as well as our biosimilar medicines and our rapidly advancing pipeline opportunities. 
We think we're in a strong position to deliver long-term performance for our shareholders and the patients whose needs we're seeking to address.
And as previously announced, David Meline will be retiring next year. And though this is not his last call with investors, I wanted to take a moment, fresh from his announcement, to thank him publicly for his contributions. He's been an extraordinary leader for us as our CFO, and he will leave Amgen a strengthened enterprise. 
At the same time, I'm delighted to welcome Peter Griffith to Amgen as David's successor. And Peter's extensive financial and operational experience will benefit Amgen as we continue our efforts globally to serve more patients and drive long-term growth. 
I know the whole team joins me in welcoming Peter aboard, and we look forward to introducing him to all of you.
Finally, I'd be remiss if I didn't also thank the Amgen staff around the world who continue to deliver on our mission to serve patients and to drive value for our shareholders. 
Thanks for your interest in the company, and we look forward to talking to you on the next call.