Okay. Thank you, Arvind, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. We've had a busy start to 2021 and a first quarter that's something of a mere image to what we experienced a year ago. Last year, if you recall, we came out of the gate with a very strong January and February and then started to really feel the impact of the pandemic in March. This year, especially in the U.S., it was almost the reverse. We felt the impact of the pandemic in January and February, and we began to see a recovery in March, a trend that seems to be holding in April as well.  
Setting aside the pandemic, we executed effectively in the first quarter. And this is reflected in the strong competitive performance of our brands globally, our strong biosimilars showing, the rapid progress of our lead pipeline molecules and the addition of an attractive Phase III-ready molecule in oncology. Altogether, we remain confident in our full year outlook.  
We're fortunate to have a diverse portfolio of newer products that continue to show strong volume growth. Repatha, for example, delivered 36% volume growth in the first quarter. It remains the clear leader of the PCSK9 market globally and will soon reach the milestone of 1 million patients served.  
We're also the global leader in bone health with Prolia and EVENITY, generating double-digit volume in the quarter. Our industry-leading portfolio of biosimilars is annualizing above the $2 billion mark, and I would remind you that we have 3 additional biosimilars in Phase III development and look forward to a flow of new launch opportunities for these and AMGEVITA over the next few years.  
As we've shared with you many times in the past, we're active in business development, looking to complement our internally developed innovation with compelling external opportunities, and our recent acquisition of Five Prime Therapeutics is a good example of that.  
As you know, one of the molecules we acquired in that deal, bemarituzumab, was granted breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA as a first-line therapy for a subset of patients with gastric cancer. More than 1 million new gastric cancer cases are diagnosed annually, and the disease is particularly prevalent in the Asia Pacific region, which we've said previously will account for approximately 25% of our growth over the next decade. Bemarituzumab is now our third late-stage clinical medicine to be granted breakthrough therapy status joining sotorasib for which the trade name LUMAKRAS has now been provisionally approved for use in the U.S. And tezepelumab also has earned that breakthrough therapy distinction.  
With a strong balance sheet, healthy cash flows and our proven ability to integrate, we'll continue to look for external opportunities that strengthen us in our stated areas of focus.  
Before I turn things over to our CFO, Peter Griffith, I want to thank my Amgen colleagues for their continued commitment to serving patients around the world and delivering results for our stakeholders. I look forward to our Q&A session a little later in our call. But for now, over to you, Peter.

Okay. Erica, thank you. Let's turn now to Q&A, and perhaps you could remind our callers of the procedure for asking questions. Thanks.

Murdo?

On the tax front, Peter, why don't you share your thoughts?

And Geoff, in Washington, I'm not sure whether executive orders, the concern these days or whether it's something that's attached to reconciliation. If I had to guess, I'd say there's a greater risk that something being attached to reconciliation. But it's still not very clear how this administration and members of the Democratic Party in general want to try to tackle the question of drug pricing this year. So we're continuing to stay very involved, as you would expect. And we have the benefit, I think, of being able to demonstrate just how important innovation is with the progress you see being made against the pandemic. And so we'll continue to stay active and focus on the things that can be done to improve patient access to medicines. 
And I think the other thing, Geoff, is to continue to shed light on the role of the middleman and how much of the pharmaceutical dollars now lined up in the hands of the middleman, which I think now, across the country, is just in excess of 50%. I think it actually is at 51% now. So we'll continue to draw attention to that as well.

And maybe I'll start with the first part, and then have Murdo address the second part. Yes, in terms of the mutational patterns that were recently reported, I would say that, biologically, nothing that we saw surprised us based on everything we've learned about these pathways in the last 30 to 40 years and the potential mechanisms of resistance. This also points the way, I think, to specific combinations that may, in fact, help to ameliorate those resistance patterns. 
I will point out that we will be presenting in short order here also updated comprehensive biomarker data, including mutational data. And I think you'll find that of interest, and that is certainly helping to guide our own thinking about the development program as well. 
Murdo, do you want to take the second half of the question?

Well, Colin, as you know, we transacted 2 acquisitions in the first quarter, one at the preclinical stage, one at the Phase III ready. And I think that reflects the breadth of interest that we have. We're continuing to look at acquisitions and licensing opportunities in our stated areas of focus. So in particular, immunology, the inflammatory diseases, cardiovascular diseases, cancer are attractive to us. And then we have very strong franchises and a few other therapeutic areas, as you know, in migraine and bone health and nephrology. So we look for commercial opportunities there as well.

Yes. As we've said before, I think going forward, we would expect the development of what we call the induced proximity platform to depend both on internal innovation and external partnerships and potentially acquisitions. So we're open to both. We're making a lot of progress there, and we'll provide more detail a bit later.

I'll try to get them both quickly.

Okay. Well, thank you all for your patience and for dialing into the call today. I'll remind you, as always, that Arvind and his team will be around for several hours still if you have other questions that you didn't get answered. But we appreciate your support and look forward to being back with you in July. Thanks.