Thank you, Christian, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported our first quarter fiscal 2019 results with revenue of $3.3 billion, up 8% reported and 7% organic constant currency. We are pleased with this revenue growth, which was above our expectations and which was aided in part by the better-than-expected performance of our PEO segment and continued strength in our Employer Services downmarket offerings. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share grew 28% to $1.20 per share. And in addition to strong revenue and margin performance, benefited from fewer shares outstanding as well as a lower effective tax rate. We also saw a positive momentum in our Employer Services new business bookings, which grew 8% in the first quarter, slightly ahead of our expectations. In addition, while we no longer report consolidated bookings, we were especially pleased that the renewed momentum in our PEO from last quarter has continued into the first quarter of fiscal 2019 with strong double-digit bookings growth. In both Employer Services and the PEO, we once again saw improvements in our overall client satisfaction scores, and we also continue to expect a 25 to 50 basis point improvement in ES revenue retention for fiscal 2019. Overall, we are pleased with our start to the fiscal year, which supports our confidence in our long-term strategy and our efforts to accelerate our pace of change with care.
At our June Investor Day, we had the opportunity to discuss with you our efforts around innovation, and we were excited to continue those discussions in September when we attended HR Tech in Las Vegas, and the following week at our annual Industry Analyst Day at our Chelsea Innovation Lab. At each of these events, we discussed our transformation from a service company supported by technology to a technology company that offers great service, one with a proven ability to anticipate the changing demands of employers from small businesses to global enterprises. Our transformation is taking place in the midst of a rapidly evolving landscape. Quite literally, the evolution of work is redefining how work gets done. We believe in our innovation journey and in the opportunities it represents for our clients and our stakeholders. At ADP, we embrace this kind of change, and we are excited about what it means for our business and our growth.
Change has always served as a driving force behind our innovative spirit, and we were thrilled to take home this year's HR Tech Awesome New Tech award for Wisely by ADP, our unique way to help workers manage their financial wellness needs. This is ADP's fourth consecutive year winning this category, an unparalleled accomplishment among HCM companies. Each year that we have earned this award, we find ourselves in the company of impressive tech startups, underscoring that, while we are big, we are also innovative and nimble.
At our Industry Analyst Day, we hosted more than 20 HCM industry analysts. And similar to what we shared with many of you at our Investor Day, we discussed with them our next-gen HCM solutions. We were pleased with the reception that we received as we firmly believe that our solutions are uniquely built to address the key challenges and needs of an increasingly complex and rapidly changing world of work. In fact, one well-respected analyst summarized this point after the event when he described our new platforms as the disruption that could change the entire HCM market. We are excited to have several clients live on our new platforms, and we continue to make good progress on our targets and our development efforts.
As the traditional model of work continues to evolve, it is being augmented by a new pay-on-demand model, which is beginning to replace traditional weekly and biweekly payrolls. With this evolution in mind, we are excited about our development efforts to build and scale our new payroll and tax engines, which are designed to provide full payroll calculations in real-time at the individual worker level. Taking this a step further with Wisely by ADP, employers of any size and industry can, today, have access to tools to better engage their workforce by providing attractive services such as instant pay, access to a digital wallet and other financial management and wellness features.
In addition to leading with great technology, we are leveraging our unmatched data set to empower our clients, HR practitioners and business leaders with actionable insights. ADP pays 1 in 6 U.S. employees and this scale drives unmatched depth to the insights we can offer through our data cloud and benchmarking solutions. One such solution, which is already integrated into the ADP Mobile Solutions app, is our Executive and Manager Insights tool, which leverages machine learning to continually sift through wage, time, location, industry and many other types of data to uncover insights that HR leaders can use to make better, faster and smarter decisions.
During the quarter, we also completed our acquisition of Celergo, a provider of multicountry payroll management services. The acquisition further solidifies our global HCM leadership position and enhances our ability to deliver multicountry payroll solutions with a strong platform and new capabilities, including cross-currency and ex-pat payment services. In addition to these new offerings, Celergo also extends our footprint to over 140 countries and brings with it a talented team with significant experience in multicountry payroll, which remains a key area of opportunity for ADP. We are incredibly excited about the potential of Celergo and other recent investments and acquisitions, including Global Cash Card and WorkMarket, which collectively expand our ability to address a changing workforce that is increasingly global, freelance and in demand of flexible payment solutions.
Now I'd like to touch on some of the key initiatives coming out of our transformation office, which has been helping to formalize the structure and create the accountability needed to achieve our financial objectives. While our transformation continues to progress at a healthy pace, we are being careful to balance speed with care, underscoring our focus on the long term and our commitment not to compromise quality for short-term gains. Maintaining the highest standards for our clients, associates and shareholders is our utmost priority, and we are pleased with our ability to execute on our transformation objectives, while also driving improvements in client satisfaction, productivity and the associate experience.
Our voluntary early retirement program is progressing as planned. We remain focused on managing this initiative in an orderly and timely manner. Additionally, through our Service Alignment Initiative, we continue to reduce our footprint in subscale locations. And at our new strategic service locations, we are seeing greater efficiency and collaboration, which is helping to enhance the level of service we provide our clients.
Before I turn the call over to Jan, I'd like to highlight that we were recently named a 2018 Working Mother 100 Best Company. As a leader in the HR community, this is an especially great honor, and I am thrilled to see ADP receive the credit for creating an inclusive and diverse workplace where everyone can bring their best self to work each day. I am proud to lead a company that values the contribution of every individual and has a proven track record for attracting and retaining top talent. This allows us to remain competitive in the dynamic HCM market and has a profound impact on our continued growth and success.
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jan for his commentary on our first quarter results and fiscal 2019 outlook.

No, I think our confidence is really driven by, I guess, the information that we have around where we are around headcount, where we are around kind of new product rollouts and where we are around kind of productivity improvements, which are kind of the 3 ways that we kind of add up to the overall sales growth. As you know, it can vary from quarter-to-quarter. But I think we have -- we built a great plan. I think, with the right number of people, I think, with the right products. And I think we've shown over the last probably 3 to 4 quarters, I think, really improvements in underlying productivity that then support kind of that third pillar of what leads to the overall growth. So I think we feel -- I think you're right that the tone is probably one of confidence. But as always, for us, the sales number is the one that has the most variability and the most volatility because every sale is a new sale every quarter, whereas our revenue model is really a recurring revenue model. So there's always more variability in sales, but I would say nothing has changed in terms of the level of confidence that we have in our ability to reach our full year numbers. We did have very strong fourth quarter. Sometimes historically, that has led to challenges in the first quarter just because of the way our incentives work. So in some respects, I would probably say that I was pleased with the fact that we were able to, even though we had an easier comparison to the prior year, the fact that we came off of a very strong fourth quarter, I think, sometimes presents some headwinds. So the ability to kind of hit the numbers that we did this quarter, which, as you're seeing, obviously, the Employer Services number, but as Jan maybe alluded to, even though we're not giving specific guidance, our PEO results were also very strong. So when you look at kind of new business bookings collectively, if you did it the way we used to do it, which we're not doing anymore, we would say that we were extremely pleased and it adds to our confidence for the full year.

Yes. I think that -- Jan probably has a couple of comments as well. But I would say that we did tweak the incentives. I would say that it's beginning to roll its way through, but I wouldn't say -- I wish I could say that it all was because of how smart we were in changing those incentives. But I think we see big improvements in pipeline in the upmarket as a result of some of those incentive changes. But not necessarily yet affecting the numbers. So ironically, this was really kind of a rebound of kind of what I would call core PEO performance. So again, that makes me, again, very optimistic about the next couple of quarters and the full year for PEO and new business bookings because we have yet to see the benefits of some of the incentive changes we made, which, I think, makes sense. And I think are really just adjustments back to frankly prior. We didn't do anything artificial or aggressive to try to overcome some kind of externality. We were kind of readjusting back to normal levels some of incentives that we had changed to other HR BPO products a couple of years ago. So I think that, when I add all the things together, it feels like just really, as usual, it comes back to great execution. I think there's just more focus and more attention on kind of the basics and the core of generating new leads by our sales force as well as making sure that they are more effective in getting the leads from our other parts of our sales force in ADP. So I think it's just -- overall just much better execution. And then, lastly, I would say that I can hear you have may be the opposite effect of what I described about what usually happens when you have a strong finish, sometimes you get into a stronger -- sorry, a weaker start, which didn't happen to us this first quarter. But in the PEO, we did have a challenging year and sometimes, in some parts of our organization, when you come off of a challenging year, you have a -- so the last year may have been not as weak as maybe it looked. And this first quarter was, I think it's probably the strongest growth we've had, I think, ever in the PEO. Sorry, I'm being corrected here, but since Q2 of fiscal year '14. But the numbers are -- were already big in '14 and they're even bigger today. So I think, to generate, percentage-wise, the kind of growth rate we generated this quarter is quite impressive, I think. And it shows that the value proposition is still intact and that the sales leadership and sales execution still has the ability to kind of take advantage, if you will, of that value proposition and get it to the market in a competitive way.

Yes, I think the first quarter was very consistent with kind of the momentum and the trend we've had for -- I don't think it was just fiscal year '18. It probably wasn't quite as strong in '17. But we've had good strong momentum, I think, in our downmarket business, and I think it continued into the first quarter.

Yes. And this quarter, I would just add that, this quarter, we actually happened to have good logo growth in the upper end of the mid-market, which, for us, is, call it, 500 to 1,000 or 150 to 500 in kind of that space there. And so -- again, quarter-to-quarter numbers is tricky in terms of the sales results. But I think there's definitely renewed focus and attention, and these are incentives that we adjusted different from what we were talking about in the PEO case. More, call it, 18 to 24 months ago as we exited ACA, we tried to get our sales force more focused on core logo growth. And I would say that we feel like it's working and that we're making progress. And the combination of that along with improving retention, I think, is -- we still have work to do, but I think is getting our mid-market business into a stronger position, especially now that we're on 1 platform.

So I think, as you heard, I think, in the comments, we confirmed our forecast for increased retention of, I believe, it's 25 to 50 basis points for the year. So you could probably interpret that as directionally up for the year. But given that we're not providing retention guidance as part of the package of -- we added a lot of disclosures, and I think if you look at the amount of stuff that we just put out, I think, historically and in response to some extent to some of the feedback we got after the proxy contest, we're doing what we can to add additional disclosure. And I think that's one of the items that we're not going to be getting into on a quarterly basis. But I think that you should interpret our confidence and reaffirmation of our guidance as confidence that the trend of retention is up.

As you can imagine, we spent some time talking about that. Make sure you guys walked away with the right message, which is one of confidence and optimism and pride in what really were good results. But there are some mathematical issues that I think are just important noting. So I think 2 that stand out for me are Global Cash Card was not quite a 1% impact but somewhere in the neighborhood of 1% impact on revenue growth, and that we lap, I believe, it's in the middle of October. And then FX pressure, not just for us but for all companies, is picking up a little bit. It's not a huge headwind but that obviously can change in either direction. But based on the information that we have today and the math, we kind of laid out what we thought was reasonable changes in guidance while trying to convey really our sense of optimism and confidence and positiveness in what the results were. So it's hard to -- given that it is the first quarter, it's also, frankly, hard for us to just kind of come out and kind of across the board change everything, given that we still have 3 quarters ahead of us. But we want to make sure you got a message of confidence and optimism and pride in the first quarter, but we want to make sure that the math rolls through in the appropriate manner.

Well, funny you should mentioned that because, back to the previous question, in terms of one thing that we just don't to take one quarter and assume that it's going to continue on. But we have seen, I would say, a better environment in terms of overall discounting and pricing and so forth. And the issue is, there's no scientific way to know how much of that is -- I don't think the competition is getting any easier. So I think we're getting better and stronger. Our value proposition and our client satisfaction scores, there's other things that probably work into that mix. So in a very difficult environment where you have challenges like we had during ACA because of high volumes and caused some deterioration -- short-term deterioration in our service levels, that probably leads to elevated concessions and pricing on pressure, et cetera. The sales force gets -- starts to lose a bit of its confidence. And so I think we've regained a lot of that momentum and it comes through, in part, it comes through in retention, it comes through in bookings and it comes through in pricing and discounting. So I guess, it's a long way of saying, I can't answer your question because we don't know how much of what appears to be a better environment for us is related to economic versus issues around our own house being in better order versus the competition. If I had to guess, I would say it has not to do with the competition, because the competition is still very fierce and there's plenty of competitors, and we are always out there sharpening our pencils, especially when we're so focused on bringing in new logos. So I think it's just -- we're just doing a better job and it's translating to, overall, a better level of -- and that translates into our revenue growth, it translates into retention. It just has a lot of positive impacts.

And I think the only thing I would add to that which is -- I completely echo all those comments. I think, in the prepared comments, we made a comment that it still remains one of our biggest opportunities. So that's part of why we're excited. We're excited because of the quality of the acquisition and the team that we got and the product and the technology but also because it's a large growth opportunity for us. So there is a large market out there. Even though we are, I think, a market leader, there's still a lot more opportunity there. And obviously, anytime that we have the ability to go into and accelerate into markets that have big opportunities, that's exciting to us.

Yes. So I think you made the comment that it wasn't as bad as you expected. To be clear, what Jan is saying is we had a big benefit in the first quarter of last year. And we were worried about whether we would have that side -- you can't really forecast these things a year in advance, which is why, with good intentions, we used to have this in other to avoid exactly these discussions and these kind of ups and downs in the PEO segment. But I think, we did come to the conclusion and we believe that it does belong in the PEO segment, and we're putting it there. So now we have to, going forward, make sure we give you the appropriate amount of color so you understand what's happening. So this was, in essence, a large benefit and gain that we had through an adjustment of loss reserves in the first quarter of last year compared to a smaller gain this first quarter, but that smaller gain was bigger than what we anticipated, if that makes any sense.

Yes. So I think, one of the key words in some of the prepared comments we had, we used the word care in a few places. And I just want to reemphasize that, that in June, if -- the implication that it was kind of more successful because it was more people that -- it was more successful from a financial standpoint. So on the spreadsheets, it looks great. But you do -- we do have to execute on all these transformation efforts with care. We have to maintain high NPS scores and good execution. And so we, I think, adjusted our backfill plans based on the volume of uptake that we got and also based on timing of the exits and which parts of the business were critical -- it was critical for us to make sure that we had the right people in place to be able to handle the right volumes, especially at calendar year-end. So saying all that, I think we had a plan that, as you can imagine, we would never have a voluntary retirement program and then plan to backfill every single position. That would have not been, I think, probably a good use of our capital and that was not what our intention was. So we thought that because of some of the work we had been doing previously around transformation to take work out that we had an opportunity to, over the course of, call it, 12 months, to offer this attractive package to some of our tenured associates. And it feels like it's working. And so if you think through, what we've done is we have 3 different waves of departures. And so they're scheduled to leave over different periods of time over the 12 months since the date we announced the early retirement program. And we also had planned to backfill some of those positions over the same 12-month period of time. So what you're hearing in our comments is that, that process, there was a plan around all that process, and the one that we control the most is the departures. And that's exactly on track and on schedule. But in terms of the backfills, we were a little bit "behind" on the backfills, which creates a short-term financial benefit that we saw in the first quarter. But if you roll forward and you look at our original plans, which we're sticking to for the rest of the year, it creates not as big a benefit in the first quarter. Having said all that, we feel that, when you look at the momentum in the PEO and Employer Services and other parts of our business, it gives us confidence in the performance of the business overall. So the first quarter financial performance was not solely and only because of this issue around the timing of backfills. It was one part, and I would say it was a relatively small part. So we don't want to give you the wrong impression about our confidence in the future going forward. But we just wanted to make sure we clarified that we do have more backfills in the next few quarters than we had in the first quarter. And we think some of that was due to timing. If we feel like we've taken out more work than we thought we were able to take out, we might not have as many of the backfills as we had in the original plan. But for now, the most important thing for us to focus on is quality and year-end and NPS scores and client retention. So we're not ready to come off of our original plans yet.

Again, another one we spent a lot of time talking about. We -- I think that that's a -- it's a fair question. That's -- one of the items is that one. I think that we have -- the FX headwind is probably some part of it because we did have some FX benefit, just to clarify. Even though we had a FX headwind on the revenue side, we had some FX benefit in the first quarter as some of our costs that we have overseas went down faster than planned or more than what we had planned. Specifically, we have a large offshore operation in India. And I think that cost came in very favorable in the first quarter and well ahead of our plans. So I think there's probably a number of things that -- when you roll them together, including the fact that it's only the first quarter and so we're just not prepared -- for example, the strength that I mentioned in terms of improvement in concessions and pricing and so forth, if you roll those things forward and you assume they're going to continue, then we would expect a better second, third and fourth quarter. We're just not prepared this early in the year. And I think it's traditional for us, like, we -- the fact that we raised our PEO guidance is unusual for us because -- and I think it's prudent, and I'm not sure what other companies do, but until we have more visibility and until we get through calendar year-end -- as a reminder, the next quarter, this quarter that we are in now today, is an important part of our new business bookings for the year and also December 31 represents an important measure of retention because clients tend to switch providers at that time of the year. So I think you should expect us, coming out of the second quarter, to have a stronger view and position.

Zero.

Feeling really good about the progress that we're making there. I think, we talked about several quarters ago the fact that we kind of more institutionalized our ability to sell Workforce Now in the lower end of the upmarket, think 1,000 to 3,000 or 1,000 to 5,000 Worksite Employees, where we think that Workforce Now can really compete very strongly with certain parts of that segment, whereas Vantage can compete in that segment but competes even better in larger, more complex clients in the upmarket. So I think that adjustment in strategy has paid off. When you combine the new logo growth in the upmarket between Workforce Now and Vantage, I would say we're very pleased by the progress. And I think new logo growth, as you can hear in our comments, we're constantly talking about that because we love new -- we love additional revenue from other products. We love incremental sales to existing clients. But the heart and soul of the strength of the business is market share and new logo growth. And I think, on that metric, we're feeling good about the progress that we're making in the upmarket. It's still early days for some of the next-gen solutions that we're selling. But we're making some headway there. Also, where we have a handful of clients. So clearly, at our size and our scale, a handful of clients isn't making a difference on the numbers, but it's building confidence in both our sales force and in the marketplace. And so -- by the way, we're also seeing really good progress in client satisfaction scores in the upmarket, which I think are usually leading indicators of retention and also of new business bookings. And even if I look at the underlying revenue growth of that business, it's better than it was last year. We still have work to do, but we're feeling good about the progress.

Well, not that we can share with you because we've had some challenges with competitors saying things that are not accurate in the marketplace around our products and our strategy, which is a shame because we usually try to take the high road. I won't mention who those competitors are, but I think it's not hopeful for us to talk about specific dates and -- because we try to provide investors with transparency and clarity and so forth. But unfortunately, some people take advantage of that situation. But I think at Investor Day, we gave you a decent amount of information around what we were doing around Vantage and then also what our plans were in terms of our next-gen product. And I think I would probably refer back to that.

I think, the -- it's an important competitive dynamic right now. I think it helps our value proposition and our story, which is part of the -- what's important is the value proposition and the outcomes you deliver. I think on that front, given our scale and the size of these acquisitions, we haven't rolled these products out to 100% of our client base or even to probably even 1% of our client base. But it does add to the strength of our sales force in terms of what they have as a value proposition in the marketplace. And medium to long term, I think, we believe it's going to be a very significant enhancement. So I'd say in the short term, the biggest short-term benefit has been and probably continues -- will continue to be Global Cash Card, because it's such an in-demand product and it's such a strong and good value proposition. And they're executing so well that -- and they were already somewhat large in comparison to some of the other acquisitions that we made that I would say that's the one that has the most immediate short-term impact. But I think, Celergo, WorkMarket, and I'll even go back to TMBC, The Marcus Buckingham Company, all these acquisitions are big strengtheners to our value proposition and our ability to win share in the marketplace.

I would say that if you take the 2 numbers that you have, that you're referring to, and you average them, ours is higher.

It's impressive. Like, this is a big PEO now with a lot of Worksite Employees and the number of new Worksite Employees that we have to sell each month and each quarter to generate the kind of growth rate that we just generated this quarter is impressive.

We're definitely not trying to manage to the full year number.

We would love to...

We can now -- I mean, our goal would be to do what you just described, which is we want to outperform and not just get what we need in order to meet the forecast.

And I think the TAM is large. I mean, it's -- we have it somewhere in the data that I get, but I honestly can't remember off hand, but it's our -- when you look at our market share and you look at the size of the market -- I think we actually may have even had it in our Investor Day materials, if you want to go back and refer to it. But the -- one of the things that Jan mentioned in his comments, he used the term multicountry payroll. So we have these multinational solutions which are, in some cases, we're referring to very large companies that are in 15, 20 countries. But there also are a lot of companies that are operating in 2 or 3 countries, maybe in France, but you have 2 other countries in Europe or a couple countries in Asia and they may be midsize companies. So the TAM is also something that probably is growing over time as people realize that the market is actually bigger than what we thought. So I think if you talk to our international leaders, they would say that this was very, very crucial because of the size of that multicountry payroll market that was kind of underserved. So we're hoping that, that kind of opens up new opportunity as well.

So thank you very much for your questions today. As you probably could tell, we're off to a really good start. Even though we have a lot to accomplish still, we're very pleased with the progress that we've made. I also want to thank our associates because besides having our investors embrace change in our transformation, I think it can't happen without the support of our associates and our leaders. So I really appreciate the support we're getting internally as we drive our transformation so that we create, as Jan just referred to, a long and sustainable revenue growth for another 70 years. So next -- I believe, it's next June, we actually reach our 70th birthday, and we didn't get here by not making it through multiple changes in technology and economic cycles, and this transformation effort is intended to position us to be successful for another 70 years. So I think we're well on our way to doing that, at least positioning ourselves for the 70 years, not the actual 70 years. But we appreciate the support of all of our stakeholders, including all of you, but also our associates in what has obviously been a very fast-changing environment for us.
So with that, I will thank you once again and appreciate your continued interest in ADP.