Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We finished our fiscal 2022 with a strong fourth quarter that featured 10% revenue growth and 12% organic constant currency revenue growth. We also delivered 170 basis points of adjusted EBIT margin expansion, which helped drive 25% adjusted EPS growth. And for the full fiscal year 2022, we ended up with 10% revenue growth, 90 basis points of margin expansion, 16% adjusted EPS growth. And importantly, we achieved record bookings and near record-level retention, reflecting our strong position in the HCM market. 
Let me cover some highlights from the quarter and year before turning it over to Maria and Don for their perspectives. Starting with Employer Services new business bookings. We had a fantastic Q4 with growth accelerating from the prior quarter resulting in our largest new business bookings quarter ever. And with this strong finish, we were very pleased to have delivered 15% ES bookings growth for the year. Despite several sources of global uncertainty, including the ongoing effects of the pandemic, the conflict in Ukraine, inflation and concerns about global recession, our compelling suite of HCM offerings have continued to resonate throughout the market.  
In total, we sold over $1.7 billion in ES new business bookings in fiscal 2022 and well over $2 billion when including the PEO, marking the first time we've exceeded $2 billion in bookings. Maria will talk more about the growth opportunities ahead, but clearly, we are incredibly pleased with what is the best performance by our sales force that I've seen in my 20 years with ADP.  
Moving on. Our full year ES retention of 92.1% was nearly flat versus last year's record level of 92.2% as we once again exceeded our expectations in the fourth quarter. Client retention is driven by several factors, including product and service quality, business mix and macroeconomic factors. And our expectation at the start of fiscal 2022 called for macroeconomic factors like SMB out-of-business rates to drive some normalization and retention towards pre-pandemic levels. We did see some of that play out but clearly less than anticipated.  
More importantly, our product and service teams have continued to deliver a best-in-class experience for our clients and particularly so on our modern and scaled platforms. We achieved record client satisfaction levels for the year, and we once again set new record levels for retention in several of our businesses, including our mid-market. So although you will hear from Don that we are once again making an assumption for a modest amount of macroeconomic-related normalization in retention in fiscal 2023, we are excited to have delivered such a strong performance in fiscal 2022 and look forward to maintaining our retention rates at these historically high levels.  
Moving on to the employment picture. Our pays per control growth metric was 7% for the quarter and 7% for the year, reflecting a persistently strong demand environment for labor among our clients that have continued to exceed our expectations. This growth has served as a testament to the resilience of our clients. And although we expect pays per control growth will naturally slow in the coming quarters, employment conditions today remain strong with our client data suggesting that near-term demand for labor remains healthy.  
And finally, our PEO business delivered another great quarter as it wrapped up a strong year. We had average worksite employee growth of 14% in Q4 and 15% for the year, and we were thrilled to have crossed the 700,000 worksite employee mark this quarter.  
As you know, I joined ADP 2 decades ago when ADP entered the PEO market through an acquisition. And as bullish as I was about the PEO industry back then, I'm not sure I could have anticipated we would be here 20 years later still growing at this combination of pace and scale. But the ADP TotalSource team continues to deliver a great platform, great service and a great benefit experience for our PEO clients, and there is plenty of opportunity for us in the years ahead to serve even more businesses. 
Taking a step back, fiscal 2022 was unique in a number of ways. We experienced strong demand with over $2 billion in worldwide new business bookings and near record-level retention, which together drove us to surpass 990,000 clients at year-end, putting us on track to exceed 1 million clients any day now. At the same time, we've had to manage this growth in volume with prudent head count growth given tight labor conditions. The way we've been able to do that is through efficiencies, of course, but also some plain hard work by our associates. And for that, I thank them for their efforts and for coming through for our clients once again. I'll now turn it over to Maria.

Yes. There probably are some structural factors just because we can see obviously where the retention is stronger. And I think as we mentioned, some of the macroeconomic kind of readjustment that we expected in the down market, we saw some of it just not as much as we expected. But if talk of recession is correct, then kind of business and bankruptcies and so forth probably will kind of come back to some kind of a normal level, which is why, as Don mentioned in his remarks, we, once again, plan for a slight decrease in retention in '23. That's really mainly in the down market in terms of the mix that it represents -- the total representative of the mix because everywhere else, we really see some reasonable, what appear to be, structural improvements.  
I wouldn't say that it's really Next Gen Payroll because that's -- you're really going to see that -- the impact of that on sales and market share and so forth in the next couple of years because the majority of our clients are still not enjoying, I think, the benefits, even though, over time, they will, of Next Gen Payroll. So that's really not -- I just want to make sure I was clear on that, that, that is not what's causing the retention improvements.  
But one thing I would point out is I mean -- I know this is a broken record, but we made this big transition from multiple platforms onto 1 in a down market 10 years ago or a little bit more than that. And then more recently, we went through a multiyear effort, which was painful to do that in the mid-market. We have other things going on like new UX and Next Gen Payroll, but those migrations and those consolidations in and of themselves have created some real structural tailwinds, I think, in terms of service, NPS and, ultimately, on the retention standpoint.  
It's just a much more -- an easier environment for our own folks to operate in. It's easier for us to invest in less platforms versus more platforms. It's just a much better environment. As you know, we still have work to do in the upmarket. So there's still opportunity there. There's still some opportunity in Employer Services International as well. But we think these structural tailwinds that first helped us in the down market despite the macro, right, because the macro has really a cyclical issue. But overall, excluding cycles, our retention in the down market is up, I said this before, hundreds of basis points higher than it was 10 to 15 years ago.  
And now the mid-market is at record levels and the NPS scores continue to be at record levels. And I don't think we anticipate that going back down. If anything, we see more opportunity there in the mid-market. And our plan would be to continue to do that throughout other parts of ADP to add more structural tailwinds to our retention.

And if I can add one thing because you mentioned also price, and it's a big topic, I know for a lot of companies, and a lot of questions about it. And I think it's important for you to understand strategically right at a very high level, regardless of how it flows into the numbers and so forth. Our view on price, we said it for a couple of quarters now, is to kind of keep up with inflation. So I want to make sure it's very clear that we're not achieving our margin improvements or doing anything that would be unusual because I think there might be some companies that are trying to make up revenue gaps or margin gaps with price because there is "cover" out there to do that. 
But I think when you do that, and I think Don has mentioned this before that we operate in a competitive environment, and we look at what competitors are doing. We look at what's happening in the world, and we're long-term thinkers here so you should assume that our price increases were in line with what's happening with inflationary costs and not anything more than that and not materially less than that.

Well, I hope so. I'll let Don comment in a moment, but again, just because I've been doing this for a long time, I just -- I can't get it out of my mind. The way the recurring revenue model kind of works is we love the 15%. And what you just described really comes through in the numbers, that the difference between our bookings and our losses, our strong retention and our strong bookings that the net of that contributed more to employer services revenue than I've ever seen in my tenure as CEO, and that is what led this acceleration you just described in ES revenue. So that net new business growth is really the way to grow the top line here.  
There's other factors in there like pays per control, client funds interest, but that's the core of the business, and we're really happy with that. The challenge, of course, is that we're not forecasting 15% bookings growth again next year. So I would just caution you to -- now the good news is that, that increase in net new business is in our run rate now. And so we don't have to grow by as much next year in terms of that net new business to further accelerate our revenue growth. But I would just caution you in terms of if you do that kind of math. It's hard. It's hard to accelerate the revenue growth rate of this company. We just did it, and it takes a combination of better retention and higher starts, higher sales and new business starting in the upcoming year.  
And that 15% really makes a huge difference. But you can see from our guidance that, that is not our expectation next year in terms of bookings. And so you'll experience, hopefully, additional acceleration of revenue growth in ES but not by as much as you had  from '22 to '23. Notwithstanding the fact that remember, there's other things in there, moving parts like pays per control, client funds interest and so forth, some of which will give us tailwinds, some of which may be headwinds.

I mean, Don, again, will have, I think, a couple of points he could probably make. But I would say, as usual, there's probably puts and takes. I mean, obviously, I'd be -- I wouldn't be a CEO if I didn't say I think our model is better now than it was before, even though I've been through a couple of cycles here myself.  So it's not that I'm criticizing anything other than myself if I'm saying that it's better than it was before, but we just talked about the structural retention level.  
So even if we have a little bit of a drag in the down market, and by the way, the down market is a larger percent of our overall business than it was 10 to 20 years ago, but still, it's structurally higher by several hundred basis points in and of itself. So even if it goes down a little bit, and it's a little bit bigger part of our mix, I think our retention is just going to hold up better, I would predict, in terms of -- yes, depending obviously on the severity of the recession.  That's a huge help because the bigger, obviously, the portion of the revenue that you retain each year, the less dependency you have on bookings in a recession, which tends to be the most sensitive.  
Like historically, when you look at GDP growth and our -- all of our metrics besides pays per control, bookings is something that can be challenging in a severe recession, which to reiterate, we don't see. So we read the same things that everyone else reads. And we know that Fed tightening will lead to slower economic growth, but we really can't see it in our numbers. Like our pays per control number in the fourth quarter was as strong as it was the whole year. You look at the monthly initial unemployment claims, you look at the room that still is there in labor force participation. You look at the number of job openings in comparison to where it was historically, and I just don't see it.  
So there clearly are pockets that are happening, I think, is part of readjustments because of COVID that are kind of confusing the landscape. And there's clearly some kind of slowdown underway because it just happens when you have Fed tightening,  but it's not happening in the labor market, at least not yet.

And the only thing I would add to that is Maria and I have been talking for the last 18 months about how -- one of the most important things for our sales organization was really to get productivity at the quota carrier level back to -- and then exceed from a trend line standpoint, where it was, right? 
So when you think about whether it's GDP trend or price trends or anything like that, you got to get back to where you were, and then you got to get back on that same trend line. Otherwise, you leave a lot of money on the table, right, whether it's the economy or ADP's revenue and bookings growth.  
And if -- from an attribution standpoint, again, this -- I think it's important for you to understand this color. Like, we had unbelievable productivity heat growth, and that's why I said that this is the best performance I've ever seen by our sales force. And clearly, some of it is because we were in recovery mode, but sales forces naturally generally have -- not that I know because I was never a salesperson, but I guess I've been around long enough to be hopefully an honorary member. 
But when you tell sales force, okay, you got to grow -- we're going to grow our head count by a few percentage points, and then we got to grow our productivity 2 to 3 percentage points, that's the typical year, right? And that's hard in a typical year.  When you tell a sales force you have to grow your productivity close to 20%, even though it's because it went down 20%, that's freaking hard to do, very hard to do psychologically.
Anybody who's in sales, I think, understands that. And so these percentage growth numbers that we have and the productivity growth numbers that we have, honestly, are incredibly just gratifying because I really thought this was going to be hard. I was, of course, keeping my poker face on and just telling everybody because we have to do it, we have to do it, and we did it. And so most of this growth came from productivity and not from head count because, as we've talked about, we actually had some challenges up until the fourth quarter in terms of achieving our head count objectives, not by lack of trying, by the way, and not because we were trying to save money, if we were doing everything we could and it was just a difficult labor market.  
The good news is, is in the fourth quarter, as Maria has mentioned, we really did quite well, and we're in a great position head count-wise now. But the '22 story is all about productivity. And that is an unbelievable accomplishment for our sales force, and it's across the board.

And that doesn't mean that you should model or that we modeled everything consistently throughout the quarters. So -- because I do have to make a comment on your point that it sounded like you thought we were being aggressive, which would not be typical of us to model 2% to 3% pays per control, when everyone's thinking there's going to be a recession. I would tell you that the fourth quarter, you saw what our pays per control growth was. 
And I can tell you that we have visibility into July. And it's hard to believe that for the whole year, it would be less than 2% to 3%. But then you can assume that if, for example, the first couple of months, at least, since we have some visibility of that already, are in the 6% to 7% range because that's where we're kind of exiting and you can do the math, right? So you're probably -- this is just to give you a color in terms of what some of our assumptions are in our operating plan because I think Don mentioned maybe a bit of conservatism in the back half. 
We probably have reasonable continuation of trends because that's the way trends go on pays per control in the first half. And then you'd probably expect the second half of the year to have little to no pays per control growth. They're somewhere in that neighborhood.  
It's also hard for us to model a big negative growth in pays per control just because of all the factors we mentioned in the labor market. That doesn't mean that it won't happen in '24 or late in '23 or at some point in history, but it doesn't seem likely over the course of our fiscal year. But we're clearly expecting some slowdown in the second half.

In terms of new business bookings? Because obviously, we just want to make we answer the question correctly. It will only affect -- obviously, we're not even talking about migrations yet even though at some point, that will happen and...

No.

Don probably has the details, but I can give you some high-level color that pays per control growth, and I know you're not asking about historical, but as we gather the data, I just want to tell you that pays per control growth is very strong in Employer Services and International as well. And part of that, of course, is because of what we're coming off of, right, which were these lockdowns and these high unemployment rates kind of across the globe. So I would say international has performed similarly. But it is safe to assume that we see probably challenges given what's happening in the macro environment with energy costs and the war and so forth in our international business. And I don't know, Don, if you have...

You should point out that you started working in 1974 when you were 12 years old.

I mean we're disclosing it in our 10-K, so we can..

But I think what Don was trying to say, though, about '23 is that it's clearly a headwind, right? So as we -- as you kind of do your modeling and you think about margins, it's a headwind, not because there's an operating performance issue or whatnot, just because we had a big benefit in '22, and we're not planning for a big benefit in '23, although we're always hopeful that we will get some benefit. That's historically been our experience is that we do get some "reserve release." It's probably not as big in '23 as in '22, but it might not be as big a headwind as it appears now just because of the numbers.

But I think that stream of revenue, we would generally see it as a 100% margin just to be completely clear. If that itself is the question, do we apply expenses against those revenues, then the answer is I think we've -- it felt like a trick question, because you've noticed for a long time that we've been clear for a long -- like, on the way down, we always say it's 100%. 
It hurts us, right, because there's really no expenses that go away when that interest income goes away. So likewise, we would want to be transparent and acknowledge that on the way up, it's 100% margin. But I wasn't sure if it was a trick question or it sounds like it was.

Yes. I think, again, strategically, and maybe Danny and Don can give more specifics on the numbers, but I wouldn't characterize what we did as being out-of-step with the market or there was a pause for a few months. But our price increases -- our intention was that our price increases during COVID were reflective of the inflation environment at that time as well. We did pause for a few months because, timing-wise, we just thought -- and particularly in 2020, that it was inappropriate to be giving clients price increases 1 or 2 months into a global pandemic. But we eventually did some price increases, but we did very modest price increases because inflation was near 0 for some period of time. 
So I would -- I don't know if that answers -- if -- I'm trying to be responsive, but I think in general, we are always trying to remain kind of in-step with the market and still be competitive because our #1 goal is to gain market share. And what -- the trap that is easy to fall into when you're a large company like ours is you can take price and take it higher  than maybe you should be. 
You can usually do that multiple times and you can do that for a while, but it just doesn't work forever because of just the law of economics and large numbers and not because of competition. And so our intention -- it's important for you to understand that strategically is we want to grow and we want to gain market share. And to do that, we have to be competitive in terms of our products, our service and also our price. And that's -- so it's important when we do pricing actions, either on new business or on our existing book of business, that we remain in line with what's happening in the general market and with our competitors.

Thank you. I think we've -- we're very happy with the quarter, as we said. I'm not sure what else I could say other than what I said about our sales performance, which I think is definitely the best I've seen in a long time. And we talked a lot about our retention and some of the structural issues that are happening there. So it's hard to be more pleased about that. 
But I do want to reiterate again how happy we are with our organization and our team. First, we start with COVID and all the uncertainty that, that created, everybody having to work from home. Then we have all these regulatory changes, some of them very positive like the PPP loans, the ERPC, that happened across the world. And while we're then in the middle of that pandemic, we're telling our associates that they got to work weekends and nights because we've got to keep up with all of these regulatory changes and we've got to help our clients. 
And then as soon as that starts to abate a little bit, we get this great reshuffle and we start having challenges, which we overcame in terms of being able to add the staffing and so forth.  And so we ask our associates to once again work harder, put in the extra effort. And every time we've asked, they've come through for us. So -- and they've come through, more importantly, for our clients. We really do provide critical services across the world to our clients. And it was very, very important for our organization to come through for our clients. 
And I just want to, again, thank our associates for making it through so many ups and downs, where we just keep asking for a little bit more, and they keep delivering. So I want to thank them once again for your attention and your interest and the great questions, and we look forward to talking again in the next quarter. Thank you.