Thank you, Christian, and good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported our third quarter fiscal 2018 results, with reported revenue up 8% to $3.7 billion, 6% on an organic constant-currency basis. 
We are pleased with the strong revenue growth for the quarter, and we are especially pleased with our quarterly Employer Services revenue retention, which increased 170 basis points. 
In our PEO segment, average worksite employee growth was 9% for the quarter, slightly below our expectations, though we continue to see strong demand, particularly in the downmarket. Our solid 9% new business bookings growth this quarter was in line with expectations, as we continue to see improving demand for our HCM solutions. 
Our downmarket and international businesses continue to perform well, and we were also encouraged by the performance of our upmarket offerings compared to a difficult third quarter in fiscal 2017.
As you can see from our reported results, we continue to see broad-based progress from investments we made in our sales force and are therefore, increasing our fiscal 2018 new business bookings guidance growth to 6% to 7% from 5% to 7%. 
Our adjusted diluted earnings per share grew 16% to $1.52 per share, as we delivered improving adjusted EBIT performance and benefited from a lower effective tax rate and fewer shares outstanding. 
Overall, our earnings growth in the quarter exceeded our expectations, and we are happy with our strong performance, which Jan will walk you through in more detail shortly.
Now I'd like to discuss our innovation efforts and how they remain at the core of our strategy. We're continuing to invest in a new breed of HCM solutions that we anticipate will address the evolving needs of millions of workers every day, and we're proud to be recognized for it. 
Most recently, Constellation Research recognized our suite of HCM solutions as a leader in helping enterprises navigate the barriers in doing business in today's global economy. They further noted that we have turned the innovation corner and described ADP as an innovative, next-gen HCM vendor and a leader in big data, machine learning and user experience. 
Additionally, earlier this week, at Facebook's F8 conference, we launched an integration with Facebook's enterprise solution, Workplace. Now clients using ADP for HR and payroll solutions and Workplace by Facebook for employee collaboration can offer teams access to pay and time-off information within Facebook's enterprise environment through an ADP virtual assistant that utilizes chat. This application is available now in our ADP Marketplace. As we continue to invest around our core strengths, we also remain strategic in the acquisitions we make.
Last quarter, we discussed Global Cash Card, an acquisition of that enables us to broaden engagement with our clients' workforce with compelling, flexible payments. And WorkMarket, which established ADP as the first HCM provider with freelance worker management and payment functionality. These acquisitions will enable us to drive higher market share across the entire labor pool, while we help our clients keep pace with change and manage the increasing demand for flexibility. 
We remain committed to supporting these investments in innovation with our business transformation efforts and with our mid-market migrations now behind us, we continue to make good progress on transforming our organization with a client service experience top of mind. 
This quarter, we launched a voluntary early retirement program, we believe, will help us streamline our operations and help us drive incremental margin expansion in fiscal 2019 and beyond. In addition, we have accelerated the execution of some incremental strategic initiatives this quarter, which we believe will continue to help us enhance our productivity and efficiency. Jan will take you through some of the details of these initiatives shortly.
We believe that our focused initiatives will help us continue to deliver long-term value for ADP, our associates and our investors. As we have mentioned before, it takes time and attention to detail to drive successful change and avoid major disruptions. Since embarking on our Service Alignment Initiative almost 2 years ago, our associates have worked tirelessly to meet and exceed our targets while simultaneously increasing client satisfaction. 
I'm proud of our progress, and I'm happy to tell you that as of this month, we exceeded our fiscal 2018 exit target and have now closed approximately 90% of our 68 targeted subscale service locations. We have done all this and more while undergoing a large multiyear client migration in the mid-market, which I'm proud to announce we have now completed. 
We continue to extend our efforts to simplify our organization and service tools and are pleased with the progress we are making, and in particular, with the 170-basis point increase in retention this quarter, which was slightly ahead of our expectations. 
We look forward to discussing our strategy and the strength of our business at our upcoming Investor Day in June. We continue to believe that our unique ability to meet the needs of our clients today while anticipating their needs tomorrow will drive our sustained growth.
Before I turn the call over to Jan, I want to take a moment to acknowledge how proud I am of our talented and dedicated associates. I would also like to recognize the contributions and accomplishments of our associates who have decided to participate in our voluntary early retirement program. These tenured associates have helped shape ADP into who we are today, and we look forward to working with them through the upcoming transition period. The transition will be thoughtfully managed and reflective of our deep appreciation of their service to ADP. 
We also continue to focus our efforts on attracting, training and retaining top talent. In fact, this quarter, we were honored to be included among LinkedIn's 2018 Top Companies. This award highlighted the top 50 companies that were most in demand by job seekers. This recognition, along with our other achievements, affirms our strategy, enhances our value proposition and lays the groundwork for a long-term growth. I continue to be impressed and proud of the unwavering commitment of our associates. Our stakeholders place the utmost confidence in us because of the tireless efforts of our associates in providing our clients the best solutions for today and tomorrow. 
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jan for further review of our third quarter results.

So I think on the sales -- on the new business bookings growth, given the absolute size of our new business bookings, it's a change in guidance for us, you're right, it's relatively modest in percentage terms, but I think the sales force would say that's pretty meaningful, because it's a lot of additional dollars in new business bookings. On the retention side, we did have an easier compare versus last year. If you remember, we -- I think every call I think, I just cautioned everyone that the -- because of the way we calculate revenue retention on a quarterly basis, if you have 1 or 2 large losses, it can really impact the numbers, even given ADP's size, it can have an impact on the retention. And I think last year in the third quarter, it was one of those quarters. And then, again, here now, I have to say the opposite, which is when you have a great quarter, and you don't have a lot of large losses, which we didn't have this quarter, it helps. And so I think that was part of it. But I would say that the improvement was broad-based, so you can obviously, by my comments, see that a lot of that improvement was in the upmarket and some of that is an easier compare, but we also have had really good results in our mid-market, which as you know, it's been a multiyear effort to kind of climb back in terms of the retention pressure that we felt a few years back as a result of ACA activity and also as a result of the migrations that we've undergone there, so very proud of the mid-market retention results as well, but I think other places also -- so I guess as usual, at ADP it's -- since we are so diversified in terms of segment and geography, for us to have a large improvement in retention of that magnitude, it has to be somewhat broad-based, and I think it was.

Yes. Actually we received a note last night from one of our business unit leaders with an update on our client satisfaction scores. We measure NPS, and the trend there is incredibly positive. They even used the term "service renaissance," because we did have some struggles and some stumbles a couple of years ago. And I think our client satisfaction scores now have been on a multiquarter kind of upward trajectory, admittedly, from some difficult compares. But doing really quite well. And sorry, last comment on that, on -- the other on the client satisfaction side is that one of the things that we were careful about in terms of our strategic alignment initiative is making sure that it didn't disrupt our -- we had a -- I think our #1 objective was to improve client satisfaction and NPS scores and things like strategic alignment initiative and early retirement have the potential to disrupt that. But the good news is obviously, early retirement, we still have to execute on, but the strategic alignment initiative, I'm happy to report, our leaders have executed flawlessly there and actually have gotten great client satisfaction in those new strategic locations, which is not easy to do, because we have a lot of new associates in those locations.

Well, to be -- I mean, Jan could probably add a couple of comments, but to be clear like we, in some of our businesses where we've had large increases in client satisfaction and large increases in NPS and large increases in retention, our service spend has actually declined. So we're obviously -- part of our business transformation efforts are to get better at -- as you know one of our key objectives in our initiatives is to reduce the number of, what we call nonvalue-added contacts which drive cost, but don't drive value for our clients. So there are places where we've invested more in service, and as you can see, we've also invested in sales, but there are places where we have done both, improved productivity, improved efficiency and actually better results from a retention and a client satisfaction standpoint. And that's obviously our hope for the next x number of years for us to be able to drive operating leverage and improve margin. That's kind of an important thing for us to be able to accomplish.

And as much as it might not be directly related to our new business bookings growth, I would say that I think this -- these effort around simplification, improved client satisfaction and some of the other things that Jan mentioned, I think really should help our sales force as well. I mean when we went through some challenges a couple of years ago, there was just a lot of distraction, not to mention a very difficult grow-over. Obviously the #1 issue was just the grow-over around ACA but some of the service challenges we had were also a distraction to our sales force. So I think getting that behind us, I think, should help as well because, in the end, despite the fact that there was a modest improvement in new business bookings growth guidance. There was an increase, and this quarter, we're pretty proud of 9% bookings growth after really suffering for several quarters here with very, very difficult grow-overs and compares.

You came to the right place for the answer to that question. Jan wants it all to flow to the bottom line, and I want to reinvest some of it. So the truth will be somewhere in between, and you'll know more when we give our guidance for '19, and also when we at Investor Day, give you kind of a longer-term, I guess, objective view of what we think margins will do over the ensuing couple of years. I think, unfortunately, we're just a little premature in being able to get out in front of talking about, kind of, multiyear margin improvement, but I just want to add that foundationally, all the things you said are dead on. in terms of -- there is the possibility and the capability for us to drive improved margin. This is what we've been trying to talk about for the last 2 or 3 years. We've been laying the groundwork with all of these initiatives, strategic alignment initiative, completing the migrations, voluntary early retirement, these are all intended to help us be a stronger, more profitable company, but stronger is the first word, and that means that sometimes you have to invest some. I will add that there is -- there is no question that the underlying margin trend is positive for us, so we feel very good about that, but again, I think it's just a little premature to get too far out in front of ourselves here in terms of what exactly the numbers are going to be.

Yes. I think our -- obviously, we have much broader data set than, I think, maybe the sampling that some folks might do out in the -- in a marketplace. But the fact of the matter is, I think, we have seen really no change in the kind of the environment from a pricing standpoint. I think our intent is to remain consistent, which is to remain competitive. As you can see, the underlying inflationary trends with labor cost accelerating a little bit are on upward trajectory, but these things, they play themselves out over multiple quarters and multiple years. It's not like overnight, all of a sudden, the pricing environment changes, but I would say that there's probably -- the future appears to have more pricing power than the past in terms of the last decade. But right now, I think no news to report and we would obviously give you, kind of, a sense if that is -- if that's beginning to change.

So the good news is that both of those are actually in production and have pilot clients on them. As we've said, I think, on a number of occasions, these are back-office systems that are relatively transparent to our clients. In fact, today, our clients don't really have direct contact with our gross-to-net calculation engine. And we don't expect them to have that in the future. Now there will be -- the reason we're doing it is, besides the obvious reasons of modern technology being easier to develop on, faster to develop and cheaper to maintain, there will be some enhancements from a client-facing perspective and from an associate service client perspective. But largely, you should think of these as back-office infrastructure that is really not -- when someone is trying to hire someone or manage the human capital of their company, typically, this is not something that they would be exposed to or that would be transparent to them. Certainly, the employees of our clients won't see a lot of -- any change at all. Our Mobile Solutions are front-end solutions that will be connected back to our new gross-to-net engines. So I would say, it's mostly positive, and we don't expect -- I guess, the key is that there is really no, I guess, migration, if you will. We're not going to be sitting here talking about -- there will be efforts and cost around the connections to our front-end HCM systems. But there really is no client migration that you should be anticipating. I think I would also add that despite what you might hear from competitors, almost everyone operates with a gross-to-net calc engine that is -- even if it's in a single stack technology, it is almost always separate from the front-end HCM platforms as well. So it's really not -- what we're doing is no different than what anybody else would have out there. It's just more on modern stack technology. I think -- I don't know if you mentioned Lifion, but our kind of local platform that we're developing that we've talked about now publicly, that is not a back-office system. That is definitely a front-office-facing system, and we do have a number of pilot clients on that as well, and we'll talk more about all of these platforms in the future and their impact on the organization in a positive way at our Investor Day in June.

Yes. I think the cost thing -- we said this before, when we shut down our downmarket platform, this was several years ago. We migrated all of our clients on to RUN. The cost savings from a technical standpoint were in the, call it, sub-$10 million range of just of the -- from a pure platform support standpoint, et cetera, but as you can see from the performance of that business, I -- we haven't talked about the downmarket yet, but downmarket just continues to be incredibly successful and a great story for us, and the reality is that the direct cost focus is really not where the money is. The money is in improved client satisfaction, improved retention, accelerated new business bookings and then just frictional cost in the organization around implementation and service. And so we -- having said all of that, we expect a similar story in the mid-market, but we're -- obviously, we just finished like the last client, I think, last week, and so we -- it'll probably take -- in the downmarket as an example. We kind of laid the foundation like we've just laid in the mid-market. And it took several quarters, if not a year or 2 before we got real traction, and it was a really great story. And we really hope that we have a repeat of that story, but as Jan said, we have to be cautious, because we have to go execute, but this quarter, like all other -- like the last several quarters, the retention of our strategic platform in mid-market was higher than the legacy platform that was being retired, but I think what Jan was alluding to, is you had 2 competing forces. One is we had fewer and fewer migrations, which was helping the retention rate, but they just also were executing better. They've had many, many quarters in the last, I think, it's 6 or 7 quarters where retention was moving in the right direction, despite 6 quarters ago or 5 quarters ago, still very, very heavy migrations in the mid-market, so hard to tell here exactly what's going to happen, but we're very optimistic.

I think in the short-term, it's fair to say that it's probably a sales issue, a new business bookings issue. So I don't think there's really any kind of secular trend. As I think Jan mentioned, we had very, very strong growth and demand still in the downmarket under 50. And then this quarter, we struggled a little bit in terms of particularly new business bookings in the mid-market of PEO, if you will, and we're kind of watching that closely. We're, kind of, looking back at our incentives, because as you know a lot of the business that we have in our PEO is driven from referrals of our other business units, and so we have ways of tweaking and adjusting incentives and so forth. But we're frankly pretty -- we're never thrilled with the deceleration. We will always prefer acceleration, but our PEO is very large, it's the second employer in the United States now, and I think this growth, I think, is still -- in terms of absolute worksite employee growth in dollars, still more than any of our competitors. And so we feel pretty proud of that. I think the percentage is, obviously, one way to look at it, but when you look at the absolute size in dollars, we feel like we have a really good, strong business here and it's performing very well.

As you -- I think as you're alluding to, I think they all have an impact. So it's hard, scientifically, to kind of point to any 1 single item. But for sure, the investments in sales that we made, call it, last year, as time goes on, is going to become more and more productive. Every quarter, our sales force is -- when we add new people in a step-change fashion, become more and more productive, so I think that's helpful. I think our products are stronger, and I think that is helping as well. The comparisons always help, because we're very large, and we have a very large new business bookings number. And so I think the compares have an impact as well, so I don't know if Jan has any other color, but I think it's probably a number of things. But we're very happy that our productivity, as we expected, from some of the sales force investments, is driving frankly a good portion of our new business bookings growth, which is very nice to see.

Again, so we could obviously talk for a long time about that, but I'll just give you 2 broad themes. One is, I think you ended your question on, is it partly competitive, and then the beginning of your question was really around does it address kind of cost of development and maintenance and so forth. I think those are the 2 broad categories in each of these cases with the exception of, maybe, the tax -- the back-end tax engine, but certainly, our new gross-to-net processing engine and our low code platform are all intended to leapfrog the competition in terms of capabilities and flexibility for clients in terms of how people get managed and how people get paid. And then besides that obviously, our business case had very strong expectations around efficiency, I think productivity and just removing frictional cost that exists as a result of some legacy technology. And obviously, I think you said it also, the speed of development, speed of deployment and ability to implement changes in a version-less environment is also incredibly quite powerful.

I think that you're onto something that most of us and most people were not onto, which is -- there's a belief among some of us would've been around for a while that they are very, very closely linked. The momentum -- when you have strong momentum in the business, improving satisfaction, improving NPS, improving retention, it has to -- the things we just don't have any empirical way of drawing the connection, but experience and intuition, I think, would tell you that there is no question, because we've seen it go the other way as well. So I think that the company is just experiencing strong momentum on a number of fronts around execution, client service, client satisfaction, et cetera. And that's probably creating a little bit of a halo effect. But from a practical standpoint, if you rank order, the sales execution issues, I think the item that Jan brought up is probably the most important one. We talked about, I'd say, probably 6 quarters ago or 4 quarters ago, when we ran into the very difficult compares of ACA and a new administration that was at least less openly focused on regulation, we talked about having to really refocus our sales force on new logos and on really selling what is now obviously an incredible opportunity to help people manage a very difficult labor environment with tightening labor markets. You saw our National Employment Report today, and it's obviously consistent with the government reports that it's just getting hard, there's definitely a war of talent on again. So we were optimistic and hopeful that there was really good opportunity that -- for our sales force to retool and drive new business bookings in a different way, and that's exactly what they've done. Some of it has been through training, some of it has been through product and some of it has been through incentives.

Well, we have a lot of competitors in every segment. When we look at the kind of net win/loss ratios, if you will, how many clients we take away from competitors versus how many they take from us, we've seen some improvement in some areas. And then there's a couple that are still difficult. I think that's -- those are figures that also they are somewhat not volatile quarter-to-quarter, but it changes depending on how strong we are in a particular segment versus one of our competitors. But I'd say we're overall pretty happy about our competitive position, and it seems obvious that it feels like it's improving. But I think that's about as much color as I can give or should give without crossing the line because we try to be diplomatic about our comments around our competitors.

The performance in our downmarket is probably the best execution and performance I've seen in my career at ADP. And it's back to an earlier question about connecting it to client retention and other things. There's just so many things that are creating the positive momentum that it's hard to really focus on one -- specific one. So as an example, in the -- we consider our downmarket business to be not just our payroll and HR services for smaller companies, but we also have a Retirement Services business, and we have an insurance services business that are just really across the board, just executing incredibly well, strong double-digit new business bookings growth, strong retention. Our retention in our downmarket, for example, is up several hundred basis points over where it was several years ago on a consistent quarter-to-quarter basis. And of course, that helps with the growth, because you don't have to sell as much in order to drive the top line revenue growth, because you're losing less clients. And so the continuing strength of the new business bookings with the improving fundamentals of that business are just driving really great results, and I think it's just across-the-board, just outstanding execution by all the leaders in those business.

I will say that in the mid-market as an example, this happened a little bit in the downmarket also when we were doing the migrations and of our legacy technology. Our sales force does sometimes get distracted when an existing client still has a relationship with a sales rep, and they call the sales rep, because they're being told they have to migrate to a new platform, and there's that distraction now. Sometimes that historically provided opportunities also for our sales force to sell additional products as the client was migrating to the new platform, so there's puts-and-takes, but it's going to be a lot less distraction. That's for sure.

I think the tactic was smart, dedicated people who were very creative, and so as we kind of came out of some of the big challenges we had when we had to accelerate in a very large and meaningful way our migrations due to ACA, because our ACA products were only available in our new platform. I think what that taught us was when you think about the lifetime value of these clients, using what they called a white-glove service approach to the migrations really made the difference in terms of not having the losses be as big as they could've been. We clearly experienced heavier losses in the legacy platform, because I just mentioned that our retention rates are higher in our current-version platform than in our legacy platform, but they could've been a lot worse, and so I think it was just great execution, great commitment and good creativity around, frankly, just swarming those transitioning clients with white-glove service in order to try to minimize the negative impact of the migrations, and it really did work, so hats off to the leaders there.

Again, just because -- I hate to be a broken record, but when we look at both our losses and also our new logos, we are so broad-based, and we have so many competitors that, I think I said this before that there's really a couple of competitors, for example, who in the upmarket come close to maybe 10% of our losses, but nobody's really kind of that meaningful, and I think that's even more true in the mid-market. There isn't one specific competitor that accounts for a great deal of our losses, and then it's the same thing with new business bookings, but I think it's safe to say that some of the stuff is related to market share, and so our biggest competitors, generally speaking, would be ones where we would lose the most clients to, but also we have a lot of success in pulling clients. That obviously varies by segment, but I think, directionally, that's true and the difference maker in each case is really the execution of the sales force.

And we definitely, I think, it has been something that we had available and it's helped us compete in the -- kind of the low-end of the upmarket for a few years, but I think it's safe to say in the last years or so, we kind of doubled down a little bit and put more focus and more emphasis. And I think it's having the desired impact, like our -- and we have a few competitors in particular where Workforce Now lines up very, very strongly in the lower end of the upmarket, and I think it's -- that strategy is working.

So just a couple of final comments. In terms of looking at the -- obviously, we've had a lot of achievements this year, and we're pretty happy about the momentum we have, and I think it demonstrates the strong culture that we have at ADP, and it's one that we're not afraid to change, but we want to do so in a thoughtful, orderly and balanced way. The -- with these migrations done in the mid-market and the progress we're making with our Service Alignment Initiative and the early retirement program among some of the other initiatives that you'll hear more about at the June Investor Day, I just want to, again, re-emphasize how proud I am of our associates and all of these efforts of the things they're doing to really protect and enhance the value of ADP. 
I also want to make sure I mention that besides the dividend increase which I think is great news for shareholders from a governance standpoint, we did add 2 new board members who bring a lot of experience, both operationally and transformationally, to our board. And I look forward, I know the rest of the board looks forward to working with them, as we build a brighter future for ADP. 
And with that, I'll thank you for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day in June.