Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We delivered exceptionally strong third quarter results, including revenue that accelerated to 10% growth on a reported basis and 11% growth on an organic constant currency basis, coupled with solid adjusted EBIT margin expansion. The strong outcome on both revenue and margin drove 17% growth in adjusted diluted EPS, well ahead of our expectations.  
Our clients have had new shortage of challenges in navigating the last 12 months, but through it all, not only have they persevered but they have invested in their workforce to better support their employees and continue to grow their businesses. We're proud to support them in these efforts through our leading HCM technology and unrivaled expertise.  
This quarter, I'll provide high-level commentary on key business drivers, and then Maria will take us through some product and other updates. And as usual, Don will discuss the financials and our updated outlook.  
Let me start with Employer Services new business bookings. We are very pleased to have delivered another strong quarter of double-digit growth. This was a record level for the third quarter. And as we had hoped when we updated you last quarter, the Omicron variant was not a meaningful factor in our bookings performance, as third quarter growth accelerated from our first half levels towards the high end of our guidance range this quarter.  
Our clients continue to find tremendous value across our suite of offerings, with our PEO and HR outsourcing, international and downmarket businesses, again, leading the way. We're pleased to narrow our ES bookings guidance higher, and we look forward to delivering this double-digit growth for the full year, which should position us well for fiscal 2023. 
Our Employer Services retention was also very strong this quarter. As you know, our third quarter is especially important for retention since we typically experience elevated switching with the start of the new calendar year. Accordingly, we were very pleased that rather than decreasing the quarter towards pre-pandemic levels like we anticipated, our retention actually increased further into record territory driven by incredible performance from our mid-market and international businesses, among others.  
As we've discussed for several quarters, the strong employee and client growth we've experienced have increased the demands on our implementation and service organization. We added to our headcount to keep up with this demand ahead of our busy year-end period. And as a result, we were able to maintain strong overall client satisfaction scores despite ongoing pressure from this elevated demand. 
With retention having outperformed our expectations so far this year, we believe we are now on pace to hold on to most of last year's retention gains and expect to remain at 92% retention for the year, down very slightly versus last year's record retention level.  
Moving on to Employer Services pays per control. Our clients continue to steadily hire as workers enter or reenter the labor force, and our pays per control growth of 7% for the quarter came in better than expected. Clearly, there are a number of factors at play when considering employment growth trends, but strong overall economic activity continues to keep demand for labor high, and we've been pleased to see labor force participation gradually recover over the course of the year.  
And one last highlight before I turn it over to Maria. Our PEO had another strong quarter, with 16% average worksite employee growth and 14% revenue growth. As we've seen all year, growth in our PEO bookings was exceptionally strong as small and midsized businesses increasingly find value in turning over a meaningful portion of their HR function to ADP. And that strong bookings performance, coupled with robust employment growth within the PEO base, has driven this very healthy double-digit revenue growth.  
And now let me turn it over to Maria.

Thank you.

Sure. I'll take the first part, and  I'll let Maria take the second part. On kind of the HRO business within ES, which, as you know, is kind of our full outsourcing solution or without the co-employment, the growth there has been quite robust on bookings, which obviously then is driving really robust growth in revenues. 
The interesting thing about that business, I mean, you have to -- you almost have to call out, it's nice to be able to do it publicly, is unbelievable execution. Because in our business, when you get that kind of growth that quickly, it's very, very hard to manage. But somehow, they've managed to stay ahead in terms of headcount hiring for both implementation and service. 
And the business is just really performing incredibly well. Retention rates are holding up. Not just holding up, I think they are up versus the prior year, which was already a strong year, and I would say, contributing to the overall improvement in retention and stickiness. 
So I would say that, that is probably -- I would get in trouble for saying this, [ because I find ] from all the other businesses, but that's got to be one of the star performers now. The PEO, obviously, is doing incredibly well also, and you can see that as a separate segment. 
It's a little harder to see the HRO business. It's also getting big. I think, if I'm not mistaken, it's probably never publicly disclosed, but it's getting close to $1 billion in revenue. So that's a pretty solid business with -- again, without -- I'm probably not right to give you too much detail, but revenue growth is strong double digits, very strong double digits, with the 2 in front of it, say, and bookings growth is incredibly robust as well. Retention is strong. It's just really performing very well.

Listen, I'm glad for the question, and I'm also glad for the answer, right? Because mean reversion is my favorite term in business. Because when you get into large businesses and large economies, that is -- it's a powerful force in the universe, and that's exactly what it is. 
If you remember, this happened with some of the data that was reported by the Fed and by us in terms of employment, that in the initial stages of the pandemic, the jobs that went away the most quickly in terms of quantity were kind of lower-wage jobs that, in general, don't have high benefits participation rates. And even though our PEO is generally white collar, the grey collar, we experienced the same thing there in the PEO. So ironically, at that time, it looked like our benefits per employee, worksite employee were rising, but it was really because of the averages and because of the mix shift. 
And now we have this mean reversion, where, even though the white-collar jobs are growing and wages are growing, like everything is going exactly as you would want and expect in the PEO, you have this unusual thing because of the pandemic, with a lot more jobs coming back that are people who don't have benefits. So it makes the benefits revenue grow slower than the worksite employee number, but it has nothing to do with any kind of policy change or change in kind of our philosophy or what is really just a normalization back, in my opinion, to where we were before. 
We're trying to assess kind of how long that takes, and it's probably another quarter or 2. There's a second factor that I think that's contributing to this, which is that state unemployment rates are coming in a little bit lower than we had expected because some states -- because of the strong employment market. Even though they initially raised unemployment rates because they thought that we're going to have big problems in terms of people filing for unemployment, obviously, now with what's happening, it's going in the other direction. And a few large states have actually lowered unemployment rate. 
That's not -- it's a factor that's not a huge factor. I think that the mix shift issue is mathematically -- and this mean reversion is 95% of the explanation. By the way, we don't  necessarily mind it one way or the other because, as you know, we treat benefits revenue as a pass-through, so there's really no profit and no margins. So it's really not relevant for us in terms of how we manage the business, other than we have to explain it to, obviously, our esteemed analyst community.

And just as a reminder, when we talk about bookings, and I think Maria mentioned it, and I'm sure all of you remember that we really talk about ES bookings. It was several years ago that we changed our approach to disclosures because we thought that disclosures in the PEO were -- we're better in a format where we really talked about growth of worksite employees. It's very easy to kind of do the math in the PEO when you talk in those terms. But to be crystal clear, if PEO bookings were included in overall bookings, they would have been meaningfully higher for ADP.

And it's a non-GAAP term, but it's safe to say that client funds interest will be up a lot.

Sure. As you know, we obviously -- our commentary is generally focused on the labor markets. Like this morning, I was hearing reports about what's happening with consumer spending, which is quite robust. That obviously ends up having an impact on the labor markets because people who are in the service sector or people who are serving consumers end up hiring people in order to fulfill those -- that demand. But generally speaking, our comments are really around labor markets. 
And as you can see from our pays per control growth, some of which is related to the previous question about comparisons, right? Like the comparisons are easier, and they will get harder next year in terms of percentages. But the percentages don't matter as much as the absolute numbers, right? And the absolute numbers are strong, I think, are robust. And I think as we alluded to,  the labor market is almost fully recovered. 
We obviously keep an eye also on things like GDP, GDP growth. I mean absolute GDP dollars have already surpassed pre-pandemic levels, and they're kind of in line to get back to trend growth or exceed trend growth on a real basis, right, which -- because you have to factor in, obviously, the fact that we have some higher inflation now. So I mean, our perspective, generally, is that the economy is very strong, like based on things that we're looking at in our business. But we obviously live in the real world that we have to think about the next quarter or 2, but also about 12 months from now and 24 months from now. 
And Finance 101 would tell you that increase in interest rates that are expected from the Fed and they have already been priced in, which are helping our client funds interest on the 2-year, 5 years, 7 years and 10 years, I think will all slow, at some point, the economy, which is the intention, I think, of the Federal Reserve to get inflation under control. Having said all that, you have to make your own decisions on whether or not that will be navigated appropriately to a "soft landing." 
But we had years from 2011 through or, call it, 2010 through 2020 before right before the pandemic of what I would call relatively -- historically speaking, reasonable growth in GDP, call it, 2%, 2.5% GDP growth, gradually recovering employment. So if we go from 3% or 5% GDP growth to 2.5% or 2%, we like that. And I think we've delivered some pretty outstanding results for all stakeholders during that kind of period of time. So we would not like a recession, just like no one else would like a recession. 
But I think if you believe that the best is behind us, that doesn't necessarily mean that things are not going to be good going forward. Because we -- all the indicators we're seeing right now are really strong underlying labor markets. And we also have in the U.S. an administration that will be in the seat for another, call it, 3 years despite what happens in the midterm, that is generally more favorable towards employment regulation and -- and that, I think, is a favorable tailwind for our business as well in terms of just on a macro -- on a very macro level. 
So I think we like the environment. If -- the best scenario for us, frankly, which would be a home run, is that growth gradually slows not to the point where there's a recession, but where interest rates stay at the rates that they're at, particularly like kind of the 3 to 5 and the 7 years, and that really is a pretty large tailwind for us from a bottom line standpoint.

And the only other thing that I would add that we may not always directly link to inflation is, with some beating the dead horse here, but the client funds interest, obviously, inflation is what's driving these higher interest rates. It also happens to also drive higher balances. A lot of our balances are driven by our tax business, but wages, some of those taxes capped. But for example, federal withholding taxes are not necessarily capped. So the more people get paid, the more taxes we collect and have to remit to various agencies. 
And wages are a portion of our float balances. And clearly, there is an impact from there. The overall wage inflation, forget about our own inflation that Don is referring to, but the inflation in our client base in terms of their own wages of their employees, is really driving -- is helping our balance growth, for sure. 
But more importantly, it's obviously driving a belief that interest rates need to rise rather rapidly, which is now being already factored in into -- even though the Fed controls obviously set funds rate, you can all see what's happening with the 1-year, 2-year, 3-year, 5-year and what the expectation is for -- that's all related obviously directly to inflationary expectations.

I think the safest thing for us to say right now because, as Don said, we really haven't finalized that yet as we have not finalized our '23 operating plan. So I think Don was giving you kind of directional color, which is 100% accurate. 
We've been doing a lot of work, and Maria and the team have been doing a lot of work on what's the appropriate pricing policy, if you will. Don mentioned the fact that on new business, it's relatively easy because that's something that we control timing-wise, whereas price changes to the book of business, we have a cycle that we go through, and we decided not to do anything unnatural or out of cycle. So that decision is still kind of in front of us. 
But I think Don used the word competitive. We do not live in a vacuum, and so we are going to do what's appropriate based on what's happening with inflation, but also with what's happening with competitors. So we're going to be watching very carefully what everyone is doing from the -- obviously, from the sidelines since we obviously don't have any direct insight into what our competitors are doing. But you get competitive signaling, and you get hearsay here and there. 
So we're looking at all those things, but it's safe -- I guess, the best way to describe it is, whatever our price increase had been historically, and it was probably consistent for almost 10 years in terms of kind of what we were telling you in terms of what it represented and as a percent of revenue, it's safe to say that, that's going to be higher. 
And you kind of have to draw your own conclusions that if inflation was 2%, and now it's 4% to 5%, you could infer because our costs, not just our wage cost, which Don alluded to, we've already had to kind of build in higher costs for our own associates, we have other costs. We have other services and other things that are being provided to us that are like every other company, and we got to cover those costs. I think our philosophy is we would like to be in line with what's happening in the market.

And I think it's also safe to say that our philosophy is that we run an HCM technology services company. And this is a really nice side benefit that for however long we've been in this business, we have this float income, and it goes up and down based on interest rates and the economy and so forth. And I think compared to 10 years ago, it's a much smaller portion of our bottom line. And so that is both good and bad, right? I would have enjoyed my life and my tenure a lot more had interest rates not been as low as they were for as long as they were. 
But having said all that, it puts us in a much better position where it's much more clear now that ADP's core earnings are not driven by fluctuations in interest rates. And the reason we ladder our portfolio is primarily because, as Don said, about safety and security and liquidity, but it's also because philosophically, we're not trying to gain the market. We're not trying to time the market. We are running an HCM technology services business, and that's our focus.

No, I mean, we try to stay away from, obviously, any kind of -- making comments about specific competitors, but I would say that, specifically in SBS, we do watch this kind of balance of trade very carefully. And I think -- I talk about it every quarter in terms of it's important to me, like one of the most important things for us in terms of long-term sustainability and durability of our business is market share, it's really being able to grow units. We also love share of wallet, and we love to sell additional business, et cetera, but that's -- that's important to us. 
And at least the figures that we're seeing in terms of our large national competitors, our balance of trade remains positive and improved in the third quarter versus the second quarter. So that, that to me tells me that I think we're still, I think, in a good place competitively and that we're doing all the right things. 
But having said that, it's a very competitive market. There's no question about that. And everyone, I think, has -- including some of our national competitors, have good products and good go-to-market strategies. And we are in the trenches every day competing in trench warfare with some of those competitors. We feel pretty good based on the data that we keep track of, that we are doing well in terms of balance of trade and also in terms of market share.

And I think the other last one you asked about was retirement services, that business, as you probably know, has some significant tailwinds because of regulatory changes that are going to get -- they're going to become potentially gale-force winds in terms of with the new, I think it's called Secure 2.0 or -- because I think the first one was the Secure Act. It looks like it's going to make its way through Congress with bipartisan support. 
And the first wave and the first version of that has already created some strong demand, in addition to what was already happening at the state level, where several states were requiring small businesses to mandatorily require to provide a retirement plan. So all those things are tailwinds for that business. And that would be one of those businesses that I would describe as doing incredibly well, but trying to keep its head above water to meet demand. 
It's a good problem to have. Trust me, like I've been around long enough to know, these are -- this is a good problem to have. But it's still a problem, and so we're busy adding resources and trying to be appropriately staffed in our RF business because it's definitely a growth engine.

I would say, it is a general range, so you have some sense, it's smaller than the HRO business, for example. So you shouldn't assume that we have a $1 billion business, so you don't start getting too many images of grandeur. But it's a big business, call it, maybe somewhere around half-ish of that business. I don't know if Danny, before I get into trouble...

Hundreds of millions of dollars, but growing, I think, also at one of the faster rates, I think, in terms of our businesses here, and both for bookings and for revenue.

Well, first of all, philosophically, we don't hide anything. So as you know, there's a nice little schedule that we include that allows everyone to do the math. And so next quarter, you'll -- I'm sure you're going to do the math, and you'll ask us how come you are or aren't allowing x percent to flow through. 
Because the math is actually fairly straightforward. We give you the balances that are maturing in that year because since we ladder, the only relevant issue is really what's maturing as well as new money invested in that year, which is what benefits from the higher rates since we hold to maturity. And you'll know what -- we'll give you a forecast of what our balance growth is going to be, and we'll also give you a forecast of what yields are going to be in the next year. 
So you'll have all that math, and it will be very easy to do. And then what you'll have to do is quiz us on what the other side of the ledger in terms of what are the other factors in terms of that led to the final reported or, in that case, guided net income figures or EBIT figures. And I think one of the things that's changed from Investor Day is that there's no question that interest rates are way up, and client funds interest -- our forecast for client fusions would be much higher. Because you can do the math, just like we can. 
The other -- the variable that we want to take another quarter to make sure that we think through and that we finalize our plan before we communicate is that inflation is also way up in multiple ways, including on wages, as Don alluded to, right? So when we had Investor Day, we had not yet taken this action of an off-cycle merit increase or wage increase. We had not yet -- which we are now fully accrued for some of our incentive bonuses, which are driven primarily by performance but come in handy when you are competing for talent and trying to hold on to talent. 
And so those are all things that we have to kind of weigh now. And then the last factor being, I think Don talked about price increases, where does that finally land will also have an impact. So there's a few more moving parts than I think is typical for us. And I think it's just -- it's important for us to make sure we add it all up and wrap it all up. But one thing I can guarantee you is you will have transparency.

Well, I think the -- probably the biggest picture -- the answer is no, there's no specific verticals or we're too big and too diversified to really -- it's not geographic or verticals or all that. It's basically very strong bookings with very good retention and also growth of the client base. 
This pays per control that we talk about in Employer Services, you have the same phenomenon in the PEO, where the clients themselves are recovering, right, and hiring at a faster rate than they would have been because they had either shrunk or hadn't hired during the pandemic. And so that is a tailwind also for the PEO. But the biggest factors are sales, minus losses, and then what's happening with the base, which is obviously strong.

I think the best way to describe it -- that, by the way, was all accurate, like we're really happy with international, but also, in particular, the mid-market. I think we kind of underestimated -- as usual, there are multiple moving parts. So you had the pandemic at work. And so we were looking at kind of our historical trends and thought there will be some normalization within the mid-market. 
But we also had forgotten that right before the pandemic -- not right before, but 12 to 18 months before the pandemic, we completed our migrations onto 1 single platform, which is our modern Workforce Now platform, huge process improvement initiatives that were led by John Ayala and the team there that really improved the underlying strength of that business, right? So then you get into the pandemic and you get that noise. 
Now you come out of the pandemic, and there's no scientific way to pull all that apart, but it does feel like our mid-market business has a new floor, if you will -- or not floor, it's not the right way to describe it, but a new level of retention that's higher than it was before. That's at least, right now, the way it looks in our hope going forward. So that's really good news. 
The other item on the out of business that you're mentioning, which is really more of a downmarket question, we, again, are big subscribers to the school of common sense, and it's playing out kind of the way we expected. Because if you look at the reported level of bankruptcies from government figures, they're pretty flat. But that really is not the way the small business market works that everyone declares bankruptcy. Like some people get into business, and they stock their business, and they never declare bankruptcy. So that is a good proxy, and it's one indication, but it's not the only one. 
And so we have seen some normalization in that downmarket business because of what we call noncontrollable losses, right, which would include out-of-business bankruptcies, all of the above. It's a big enough factor in that segment that it's impossible to believe that it wouldn't normalize, which is why we planned the way we did. The good news is that it hasn't normalized as fast as we thought. 
And the other part of our business, the controllable losses have performed better than we expected. And so net-net, we are in better shape than we thought. But just because you have the second best retention you've ever had doesn't mean that it isn't down from the previous year. And so I just wanted to be crystal clear on that because others may have a different perspective on that, which would defy, I think,  Finance 101 theories and so forth. 
Because the number of the -- the percentage of losses related to the economy and so forth are just significant in the downmarket. And so when you have this unbelievable tailwind, when you think about the amount of stimulus that was put in with PPP loans and so forth and stimulus checks. Remember, some of these small businesses are just like consumers. They're 1-person companies or 5-person companies. And when they get a stimulus check, that's like a stimulus check going to their company. 
That stuff is all coming out of the system and interest rates are going up, it will normalize, unfortunately. But you see the outcome, net-net for us, which is still incredibly gratifying and way above what we would have expected.

Sorry. Yes, I mean -- thanks, that's right.

I think that is a fair assessment that you should stand by for further details next quarter, for next calendar -- next fiscal year because I think we gave you enough color. We just -- what you just described is exactly what we expect to happen for the fourth quarter, and you see the outcome in terms of our overall guidance for retention. But I think what's more important for you guys is, I hope it's not just next quarter, but the next year, and I think we'll have another several months of information by then. 
And we have some other businesses. I talked about the -- our HRO business, our FBS, I mean, there's other businesses that are frankly outperforming outside of kind of the economic factors and the mid-market business that are outperforming. So it's really not appropriate yet to jump to any conclusions, but I think your general thesis is exactly correct.

Well, thanks for all of you for joining us today. I hate to end on a down note here, but I think it's important for us to acknowledge what's happening in the Ukraine and express our sympathies for the folks that are in the midst of that conflict. We obviously, like everyone else, would like to see the violence end. We have very small exposure from a revenue and business standpoint in Russia and Ukraine, but we do have quite a number of associates and a decent-sized business in Eastern Europe. And so we would love to see this violence end and certainly not to spread. 
We've been doing our part, along with some of our colleagues in other companies, in the humanitarian efforts to provide relief to the people in Ukraine. But what's really been most gratifying to me is not just what we've been able to do through our foundation and through ADP, but what our associates have done globally, kind of reaching into their own pockets, both to help their fellow global citizens. 
We increased our match -- our matching contribution amounts for associates who wanted to provide to various relief agencies. And we had the largest, I think, reactions we've ever had to any global crisis. And it's obvious why because when you see the pictures of what's going on, and it's truly horrifying. And I mean, for me, personally, to see people leaving everything behind and children and families having to flee is personally very painful. 
So our hearts go out to those folks. And we pray that all of the leaders involved can come to some sort of resolution and end the violence. But with that, I will thank you once again for participating with us today, and we look forward to giving you all the information you're looking for, for fiscal year '23 on the next earnings call. 
Thank you very much.