Thank you, Dany, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. Before we begin, I want to first say that our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been or know someone who has been impacted by COVID-19. Every day, we hear about how much of a challenge it has been for employers and workers alike, including our own. I'd like to recognize our associates for rising to the challenge and delivering exceptional service to our clients despite the extraordinary circumstances they've had to face. To them, I want to say thank you.
For our discussion today, we'll spend a little less time talking about the third quarter and more time on the current operating climate, and I'd like to offer a couple of upfront points.
First is that ADP is not immune to the global pandemic's impact on the labor markets. But while we may make tactical adjustments as we navigate through this crisis, we believe our long-term strategy is unaffected. And we remain optimistic about how we're positioned over the coming years once the business environment and our clients return to more normal operations.
The second point is that we will continue to serve our clients in the way we know best, by offering the tools, resources and support they need to manage their business and their workforce through all types of operating environments, including this challenging one.
With that said, this morning, we reported our third quarter fiscal 2020 results with revenue of $4 billion, up 6% reported in organic constant currency and in line with our expectations. We expanded our adjusted EBIT margin by 60 basis points in the quarter, which was ahead of our expectations, even though it included an unplanned $50 million global associate assistance payment in response to COVID-19. And with the solid revenue and margin performance, we were pleased to deliver 8% adjusted diluted EPS growth, which was also slightly ahead of our expectations coming into the quarter.
Turning now to the current situation. I'd like to take a few minutes to go deeper on how COVID-19 has affected our operations and what we've done to respond. As the situation evolved over the past couple of months, we focused first on the safety of our associates. In March, we took steps to quickly shift over 50,000 of our associates to work from home and now have approximately 98% of our workforce working remotely in a secure manner. In doing so, we leveraged our previous investments in business resiliency. And in addition, we ordered thousands of laptops, expanded remote access capacity, provided at-home Internet, and for those critical personnel that needed to work on site, we took steps to ensure their safety while they performed those essential on-site tasks. This was a huge undertaking by our global IT, security, legal and HR organizations, and I'm extremely proud of their execution.
We also worked with our critical third-party service providers to ensure they were positioned to continue to support us. And in March, we also had our field sales force shift from in-person to a virtual sales model. And while that's not an ideal circumstance for some of our quota carriers, they're making the most of the situation.
While we were executing on these business resiliency plans, we also worked nonstop to address our clients' needs to ensure uninterrupted service across our HCM solutions. We provide a mission-critical service and process payroll for 1 in 6 Americans and over 40 million workers around the world. And to offer immediate support, we provided a number of online resources, including an employer preparedness toolkit and webinars attended by tens of thousands of clients. We also quickly made available for free the payroll cost and headcount reports necessary to apply for forgivable loans under the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act. And these reports have been downloaded hundreds of thousands of times.
Service is more important than ever in times like this. We saw call volumes increase significantly beginning in March and had nearly 2 million inbound requests across our service channels in a matter of weeks, with clients looking for help with a variety of issues, including adding custom pay codes related to COVID-19, redirecting checks to different locations and requesting new time-tracking hardware that doesn't require a physical contact. In many cases, they were simply seeking general guidance in understanding new legislation.
To meet our clients' needs, we retrained and quickly redeployed hundreds of associates to where they were needed most. And our service and IT teams worked quickly to digest and translate new legislation from the many jurisdictions around the world into our global payroll, time and attendance and other systems in a short period of time to allow our clients to comply with and benefit from these changes in legislation.
As the environment for companies continues to evolve, whether due to legislative changes or operational realities, we at ADP are committed to supporting our clients to help them best navigate those changes. As we communicated in an open letter to U.S. policy leaders, ADP stands ready to facilitate current and future initiatives that provide support to our clients and their workers.
And in support of our local communities, ADP has made over $2 million in donations to relief efforts, including a dedicated relief fund for ADP associates that needed assistance as well as donations of medical supplies for hospitals, food banks and their workers.
With all that said, the significant impact of COVID-19 it is having on a broader economy is, in turn, having an effect on our reported metrics and in a much more abrupt fashion as compared to previous macroeconomic slowdowns. You can see this in our Employer Services New Business Bookings metric. This quarter, we reported a decrease of 9% as we saw bookings decline significantly and rapidly in mid-March, when we typically would have expected to close many deals for the quarter. These results were, of course, well below our expectations coming into the quarter. And while some of our businesses performed slightly better than others in March, the weakness was generally broad-based as the health crisis is affecting companies of all sizes and regions, including internationally.
We believe the impact to bookings stems from 2 factors: first is the buying behavior of our clients and prospects. As with prior uncertain economic environments, our clients and prospects have become time- and resource-constrained and are faced with reassessing their own operations to best ride out the impact of this health crisis. And although our products support mission-critical functions, making decisions about additional HCM services or making the decision to switch from another vendor to ADP can get put off to a later time. Even in circumstances where decisions have already been made, clients are understandably delaying implementation, which can also cause us to adjust down the bookings we record. The general change in behavior is common in recessionary periods, and we are certainly not surprised to see it this time. It's clearly happened in a more abrupt manner compared to what we've experienced in the past.
Second, as I mentioned earlier, there have naturally been constraints that limited the activity of our sales force. While we have been able to lean more heavily on an inside sales strategy and virtual interactions by our field sales force, there has still been a reduction in our sales force productivity.
Our sales organization is experienced and resilient and will continue to work hard in the fourth quarter. Because of a variety of factors, which we believe will have an outside impact on the fourth quarter bookings, including the effectiveness of the Paycheck Protection Program in supporting small to midsized businesses and how quickly our clients can adapt to working in this new environment and resume more normal buying behavior, there is clearly a very wide range of outcomes.
But to calibrate your expectations, we are guiding for a full year ES New Business Bookings -- our ES New Business Bookings to be down 20%, which implies our fourth quarter bookings will be down by more than 50%. But with all that said, we remain confident in our product portfolio and optimistic about our ability to drive sustained growth in ES bookings in a sounder economic environment.
I'd now like to spend a minute or 2 on some of the other macro-driven trends we've observed in our client base. Our pays per control metric, which represents employee growth for a broad subset of our client base, was solid through February but decelerated to a slight negative growth by the end of March, averaging 1.9% growth for the quarter. Early in April, we saw it deteriorate further to a double-digit negative decline, with the steepest decline among smaller businesses. For context, this level of pays per control decline is significantly worse than even the worst quarter in the financial crisis, underscoring that it's hard to compare this environment even against past recessions. While we hope that legislation aimed at preserving employment will drive a recovery in pays per control, we had not seen it through mid-April.
On retention, we were actually pleased with our performance in the third quarter, with both third quarter and year-to-date retention performance better than our expectations and ahead of pace for our previous annual guidance. We set all-time third quarter retention records in our downmarket and mid-market businesses as client satisfaction scores were at or near all-time highs and as the benefits of our technology and migration strategy over the past several years continue to bear fruit. But clearly, out-of-business losses are a concern for the fourth quarter and beyond. And although they have not yet meaningfully picked up by the end of March or even into April, early indicators of stress in our client base have shown up, and we expect deterioration in retention in May and June. Kathleen will share some of the assumptions for the fourth quarter when she goes through the outlook.
I'd like to pivot now from the current macro environment and focus on our strategy and what we're doing to drive longer-term value for our clients. At ADP, we remain steadfast in our commitment to lead in the HCM industry with best-in-class technology and service. At our February Innovation Day, we shared an update with many of you about the innovation we are driving across our key strategic and next-gen solutions. The HCM industry is an exciting place with constant change, and we will continue to invest to position ourselves to meet the evolving needs of our clients over not just the coming years but the coming decades.
At Innovation Day, we covered several topics, and I'd like to reframe a few of our key products against today's backdrop. With ADP RUN, we helped small businesses manage their essential HR tasks from basic payroll to a full HCM suite. We highlighted our push to drive digital sales and onboarding capabilities, which is especially relevant in today's environment. And we also highlighted innovations in automating service and implementation, which relieves pressure on our service organization.
We discussed Workforce Now and our public cloud-native version that we are pairing with our next-gen payroll engine, which utilizes a fully transparent policy-based model for improved implementations, maintenance and self-service as well as continuous payroll calculations for clients looking for on-demand pay options. We also talked about Wisely and the ease of use and the financial tools that make it attractive -- an attractive way to get paid. And just this month, we made Wisely Direct available to our mid-market Workforce Now clients, which we believe will be beneficial to the many workers in our base that still get paid by a paper check. And of course, we discussed our next-gen HCM, which we believe represents a big step ahead of current offerings in the market and for which we remain excited about scaling and selling more broadly.
Before I turn it over to Kathleen, I'd like to take a moment to once again thank our associates. This health crisis and the resulting economic fallout hasn't been easy on anyone, but our associates have really stepped up to ensure we continue to provide our clients with the support they need. And our clients and I appreciate it.
Kathleen, I'll turn it over to you now.

Thanks, Kathleen. Before we move on to the Q&A, I just wanted to share with you an excerpt of one of the many notes we've received from our clients that captures how we want to define ourselves. This one said, "We are a small business that has used ADP for quite a few years now. Every time we call, there has been a knowledgeable professional at ADP that immediately solves the problem and answers the question. We recently needed payroll data to apply for the COVID-19 Payroll Protection Program. I immediately went to ADP's website to see how I should go about selecting and downloading the required payroll data. Imagine the relief when opening the screen, there was a COVID-19 pop-up that proactively provided your clients with the payroll data needed. I was floored. This type of customer service is unheard of these days. We just want to tip our hats to everyone at ADP for a great job."
As this client suggests, the value of a true HCM partner becomes even more critical at times like these. And it continues to be our goal to exceed the expectations of our clients. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for Q&A.

It's a great question. We're obviously keeping our eye on that. Unfortunately, what we have is really kind of limited anecdotal evidence that people are beginning to get money to be able to continue their payroll or continue to pay people. As an example, a few days ago, I was forwarded a letter that was sent to -- or an e-mail that was sent to one of our associates from a client that was grateful for kind of the help that we give them in applying for the loan. And they sent a kind of a screenshot of their bank account that had $10 the previous day and then now had $84,000, like indicating that they had gotten their money from the SBA deposited into their commercial bank account.
But I think as you've heard, same as us, in the press, the process has been, given the magnitude of the -- and the scale of the challenge, it's been a difficult process both for the SBA, and I think for the banks. We've tried to do our part to help, and we're optimistic and we're hopeful that it will make a difference and that there will be rehiring and that it will at least, in some respects, stop the furloughing and the elimination of jobs going forward. But unfortunately, it's just a little too early for us to give you any kind of concrete evidence other than some anecdotal stories that money is making its way into the bank accounts of small businesses.

I mean, clearly, we have to be nimble and, I think, remain open to making further adjustments. But I think it's safe to say that if you go back over the course of decades, the concept of "outsourcing" and now what some people would call the SaaS models, which I think ADP was kind of one of the pioneers of -- I think by definition, lend themselves to these kind of remote work environments, whether it's for the technology people because we generally obviously host and maintain and update the -- all of the systems for our clients. But also through the variety of portals we have for our clients and the employees of our clients, all of the information that anyone needs is available online through all the tools we have to access that information, whether it's for the payroll practitioners or for the employees of our clients, including when you think about the app that we have for the employees of our clients to be able to check whether they've gotten pay, they can check their hours, they can make changes to 401(k). There's really no need to move paper or for anyone to be in the office to do that kind of work.
So clearly, there will be things that we will learn, and we're probably here in the early innings of this kind of new challenge and how it might affect our products. But I think in general, as an industry, it's not just for ADP. I think in general, for us as an industry, we're pretty well positioned, I think, for this kind of work environment.

Yes. It's clear, like every time that we have, whether it's an economic downturn or -- now this is obviously a new challenge. There's always questions about will this drive greater adoption. I think intellectually, it makes sense that this would drive greater outsourcing and greater adoption of SaaS, but it's kind of hard to make that statement kind of where we are today. But theoretically and intellectually, 2 to 3 years from now, there should be more demand and more people using SaaS solutions than there are today.

So we're trying to actually keep an eye on it week to week to get some sense of what levers they are still there. We clearly still have -- our sales force is still selling, and they're selling a lot of business. But it's at lower levels than, obviously, we had expected and at lower levels than you compare it to the previous year. So unfortunately, given the nature of the situation, it's kind of difficult to give you a kind of scientific or a concrete answer.
I think as we generate more information, I think, probably for our guidance for next fiscal year, we'll be able to -- and I know that's not helpful to you today, but it's really a very difficult thing to talk about. We have a lot of -- our sales force was already what we call an inside sales force. And so we've proven that we can sell-through inside selling, but we have some products that are, what I would call, high involvement decision sales. And it doesn't mean that those can't be done remotely, but it hasn't been the norm. So when you sell a very large complicated multinational solution or, frankly, even when you sell the PEO, historically, there's been a relationship that's built there and a trust that gets built before that transaction gets consummated.
So clearly, this is -- these are new and different times. So I don't think everyone is going to sit and wait around for everything to go back to normal before making decisions, but I think it's safe to assume -- I think common sense would tell us that it's safe to assume that there will be some level of hesitation and pullback in terms of decision-making, even though a good percentage of our sales force is still out selling as they have before, although they're doing it virtually now.

So we did have a number of transformation initiatives underway. A lot of them were really around digital transformation efforts to kind of automate and improve the way our implementation and our service is delivered, which would create a better experience for our clients, the employees of our clients, frankly, also for our associates that we thought would result in lower cost going forward. Part of the challenge we have is as -- and again, every company may be different in terms of how they approach their level of support for their clients, but based on our model and the way we see ourselves playing a role in -- and, frankly, in society and with our clients, we've actually experienced quite an increase in volume and cost in the short term. And so as an example, as the government rolled out the Payroll Protection Program, we saw 40% to 50% spikes in inquiries right through, whether it's phone or chat or by e-mail. And so we had to work people overtime. We had to work people on weekends, which we're very grateful that people were willing to do it because, as you can imagine, they've got lots of other concerns and distractions as this is all going on. And so we made a commitment that we're going to deliver to our clients through this and help them work through it, whether it's for themselves or for their employees. And unfortunately, I would say in the short term, we actually have an increase in cost. Now realistically, that's not going to continue indefinitely. But every week that we've said we think our call volumes and our workloads are going to go down, there's a new government program or a change in the government program, which, by the way, we think, is great. I think that the efforts by the fed and by policymakers, I think, to help clients and their employees, I think, is the right thing to do, and we're very supportive. But as an example, there was just -- as you know, there was an approval of an additional amount for the Payroll Protection Program, which generates additional volume for us. By the way, I think the banks are in the same -- probably in the same situation in terms of having to handle kind of increased volumes. And so we expect these levels to normalize and then to be in a position where we can reevaluate our cost structure. But again, given the timing of this call and where we are today, we really can't tell you that there's been a meaningful decline in our workloads. In fact, it's actually been an increase.

Yes. And I think if I can just -- one more just comment. I think that the part of the challenge here is that we are -- the nature of our company and our business and our Board is to not focus on 1 month or 1 quarter. And I think when you look at what we were able to deliver just in this quarter in terms of margin improvement, and we've been able to do in the last couple of years, I think, demonstrates very clearly our ability to, I think, achieve and take advantage of operating leverage and also to manage our costs very effectively. We've had a couple of years with a very modest, if any, cost -- true cost increases, while revenues were growing at what, for us, is our very healthy rate. So I think we've demonstrated what we can do. But unfortunately, we've been handed a very abrupt change here in the environment. And we're going to handle it first to take care of our associates, next, to take care of our clients. And I think when we get through this transitory period, which we all know is transitory. Now what we don't know is it transitory for a month or 2 or is it transitory for 6 months. But either way, it's not multiple years. And we want to make sure that we continue to invest in our business, take care of our people and take care of our clients that when we come out of this, we come out of it as strong as we were before we went into it.

It's a great question. So we have -- as you know, we operate in multiple countries and also multiple segments, small business, midsized, national accounts, but also in many countries and also with multinational companies. And the policies that companies have around how they treat employees is going to vary from company to company and generally also varies from segment to segment. But what we can tell you is that the way we count pays per control is very straightforward. It's whether or not someone got paid during that period of time that we're counting. And so we would not probably be able to give you a firm number of how many people are furloughed versus how many people are laid off because we don't control necessarily that coding in the system. And clients can exercise some discretion about how they, I guess, tag some of their employees. But what we do know is that if somebody doesn't get paid, they don't get counted in pays per control. And if they do get paid, even if it's at a reduced wage, that does count. And so that creates a number of challenges, obviously, because you could have reduced wage levels, which then doesn't negatively impact pays per control, but impacts the employees themselves, and may, in some cases, impact our fees, generally, wouldn't other than in the PEO, but could impact our fees as well. 
So I would say that the best thing to do is to stick to trying to use the pays per control metric as a way of building your models and using the guidance that we've provided around 25 basis points of revenue growth impact from each 1% change in pays per control. I think that gives you a very -- we spend a lot of time pressure testing that assumption. I think Dany did a lot of work on it. And I think it's a pretty solid way for you to look at things. So when you hear guidance from us about pays per control and you use that metric for your models, I think that's a much cleaner and easier way than to try to separate how many are furloughs versus how many are layoffs, et cetera, et cetera.

I think you do see some subtle differences in terms of company cultures and, I think, behavior. So as an example, one of the things that we have always, I think, [ tried ] to talk about is this willingness by us to really help our clients navigate these things, not just provide them the software solution. We actually take some responsibility for the outcomes of what they're trying to accomplish. And so the support we're providing around all these regulatory changes, I think, is an example of that. That doesn't mean that other competitors aren't doing similar things. But as an example, some competitors would be more along the lines of providing tools online and directing clients to third parties or directing them to resources where they can get help, versus, in our case, we actually take the work on, and we help our clients get to where they need to get in order to get their retention credit, tax credit, in order to get their payroll protection loan, in order to calculate. In a few weeks or, at least, in a couple of months, people are going to be needing help with calculating how to get forgiveness on those loans. I mean this is a complicated environment. 
By the way, employment, in general, is always complicated, but this is a very complicated environment. And having great tools and technology is incredibly important, and we're totally committed to that. But I think it's undeniable that you also need extra help in these situations to help with questions and to help you navigate through all the various regulatory hurdles. As an example, some of the legislation that was passed in the U.S., you have to really understand the interplay. Like as an example, you can't take advantage of the deferral Social Security taxes and the payroll protection loans, but if you -- you can take advantage of the Social Security deferrals up until -- so you can get a loan. But then once it's forgiven, you can no longer defer your Social Security taxes. I mean, those are things that are typically not well understood by our client base. And I think just directing them to a website or to a tool, we don't think is really the -- is the best way to help them.

First of all, thanks for asking about our families. I hope yours is well as -- also. Unfortunately, I mean, it's a very fair question, and I can understand why you're looking for any additional color. As you can imagine, we struggled with even providing kind of fourth quarter metrics because 2, 3, 4 weeks ago, we had -- or people had a certain view of "how long" the issue was going to continue and when things are going to open up again. And then it got more negative. Then now, it feels like it's gotten more positive. So I think that it's very difficult for us to go really beyond the fourth quarter in this environment. We have to remain optimistic that things are going to "improve". But I think that we all have to take advantage of the time we have to wait and see how things play out, whether it's with the clients or with GDP or with the economy or with these government programs, so that we can make more informed, I think, decisions about what 2021, I think, might look at. 
So I apologize for not being able to give you any additional color, but I think it would be a mistake to assume that the levels of activity that we've given you in the fourth quarter will continue into 2021. But it's also a mistake to assume that things are going to go back to normal at the beginning of 2021. And so we're going to keep an eye on the data and the information and do our best as we gather more information to give you a good view of what's going to happen in '21 when we get there.

Well, I mean, I think based on the comments we gave you about the third quarter and the year-to-date, I think we're doing pretty well competitively because our -- I think our retention was up. I mean, we don't talk about quarterly retention, but why not? Like everything's -- everything is out the window in this kind of environment. But I think we were over 50 basis points improvement in the third quarter. And through the year-to-date, I think we were well ahead of both the guidance we had provided in our own internal expectations. So it's pretty clear that we were doing something right competitively. Our NPS scores are at record levels across most of our businesses. 
So again, the problem is this is not the time to brag and talk about the third quarter, but we had -- we really had incredible momentum coming into the third quarter on a number of fronts. But that's that. And we're onto now figuring out how to deal with the future challenges. But I have no concerns about the solidity of our business on every front coming into the third quarter.

Well, over the next 12 to 18 months is probably the right focus because, I mean, I think it would be naive to think there aren't some things that are going to change permanently, but I'm not sure I have that kind of crystal ball to be precise about that. But for the next 12 to 18 months, because of the focus we have on our associates, it's unlikely that we will be going back to business as usual here in the next few months. Now the good news is we've adapted to the current work environment. So -- but a kind of a concrete change in terms of the next 12 to 18 months is we don't anticipate having 100% of our workforce back working in these "win as one" locations and some of these other places where we have large populations of associates. And so that's a change that we have to make sure that we stay on top of, that we support our people and lead them remotely and virtually and help them kind of navigate through what's a very different way of working. Now obviously, we plan on -- as society kind of normalizes, we plan on coming along for the ride with that. 
So we do -- we are formulating plans, as we speak, very preliminary plans around how do we slowly get back into some of our offices with limited number of personnel. But that's a change that we're definitely going to have to continue to live with for the next 12 to 18 months. Now what that means is that impacts our sales force. And so the question is, if the demand equation improves significantly and our sales force is still working remotely, how can we make sure that they have the right tools and the right processes to continue to take advantage of the demand that's out there because we don't anticipate having large numbers of salespeople back in our offices. Our salespeople, by definition, many of them are inside sales, but many of them are out in face-to-face transactions, and that's not something that's going to normalize in the next 12 to 18 months. Sadly, I'm sad to report that of the number of associates that we had impacted by COVID-19, we were disproportionately impacted in our sales force. So as we go back to normalization, we're going to be exceptionally careful about protecting our sales force as well.

Well, I think the -- again, we're looking at -- we get information from all of the usual places. Like Morgan Stanley is obviously our bank, So they're -- they've been very helpful in giving us their information. But we have access to information from a number of other sources. I don't want to say any other names, so I don't hurt anybody's feelings. But all the usual banks, we get the information from them. We have information from Moody's. By the way, we also work with the fed, we work with treasury. We have a lot of sources of information to give us some sense of kind of where things are headed. The challenge is that I don't think anyone has really -- well, not -- I don't think -- I know that no one has ever been through this. So there really aren't any great models, other than using inputs like PMIs or consumer confidence and other metrics that tend to be many of the metrics that people use in these models or lagging indicators, right? And you have regression that gives you some sense of where the economy is headed. But as I've seen myself in the last 4 to 5 weeks, you have to take any forecast with a large grain of salt. So the best approach we think you can have right now is to remain flexible and agile about how you're planning and what you're planning for. 
If I were -- if we had to make a bet today, we would say that it's not going to be a V-shaped recovery, and it's probably not going to be U or an L, but it's going to be some other kind of shape where we obviously already had the precipitous decline. We're already seeing some signs of some stabilization. So we have metrics that we track like in our HR systems of our clients. For example, new job postings or number of screenings that are done, like background checks, and some of those metrics have actually begun to stabilize. So I think we -- we've had the abrupt drop. Another question is the recovery. It feels like that recovery will be not a V, but not an L. And so the difference between a V and an L is the checkmark, like I think some people are out there quoting. By the way, we have an economist on our Board, and he referred to it as the Nike Swoosh, but that's probably a copyright or trademark violation, so I won't use the Nike Swoosh. But you get the idea, abrupt drop and, hopefully, a climb back up over some period of time. Hopefully, that climb is over the course of 3 to 6 months and not over the course of 12 to 18 months.

Well, look, I think that some of this is philosophical. I think that I, like everyone else, when we were entering this phase, I was scared, like everyone else is, not just personally for myself and my family, but also for the company and all of our associates and our clients that depend on us. And when you see the reaction and the ability of the organization to kind of get through it, and not just get through it, but actually deliver a higher level of service and help with very complicated questions in a very complicated situation, which was changing, in some cases, on a daily basis with the regulatory landscape, I think it tells you something about the strength of the culture and of the company. And so that gives me -- again, this is all intellectual philosophical, but I think gives me great hope about how we emerge from this competitively. We already had incredibly strong momentum going into the third quarter. As you saw from retention, we think we have a strong product lineup that was beginning to get traction. One of the things we didn't talk about when someone asked the question about our competitive situation, like we had really good growth in client counts, particularly in Workforce Now, and specifically in our mid-market business. So the combination of positive momentum in coming into this and then the reaction and the strength of the organization through this gives me great optimism and hope that we're going to come out of this stronger than any of our competitors.

I think the #1 reason is really just structural in the sense that when you look at overall ADP, we have clients all the way from a single employee, all the way to very large national accounts. And so as we've said -- we said this obviously over multiple decades. Our downmarket business tends to be the most sensitive to out of business, but also to decreases in pays per control. And so as we track this pays per control data, I think we've probably given you some of the color that the pays per control numbers are down more in the downmarket than they are in the mid and the upmarket. The PEO -- at least in our case, the PEO tends to -- the averaged-size client just, from a practical standpoint, is 45. And we tend -- we try to stay away from clients that are under 10 employees. We have some clients, obviously, that are between 5 and 10 employees. But in general, the sweet spot of the PEO is kind of around 45, if that's the average. And so it's just the nature of the structural difference of that business versus the others that the pays per control is not going to decline as much as the overall average, if you will, where you have some of that average being in a small business market. 
And then the second more anecdotal comment would be the PEO clients, our PEO clients, not every PEO's clients, our PEO clients tend to provide health benefits, a retirement plan. They tend to be kind of higher average wage than the average U.S. worker, and that makes sense because you're paying for the help that you get with maximizing and managing that sales force. So it tends to be attractive to a higher-average wage employer that is very concerned with attracting the right people and retaining the right people. So that also tends to lead you in the direction of clients that are a little bit larger, maybe a little bit more financially capable of paying those fees, et cetera. So that -- but that -- not sure that we can have a scientific way of proving that one. But for sure, the average-sized client of a PEO -- of our PEO is larger than in our SBS business. And hence, the pays per control drop would logically be smaller.

So I'm glad you asked that question because I happen to talk to our Chairman yesterday before this call because I figured somebody might ask that question. It's a tricky question because, as you know, it's up to the Board to decide on our dividend. But I can tell you this that we had a Board meeting on April 8, and the Board approved an increase and a payment of our dividend. And they wouldn't have done that if they had concerns in the short or medium term about our capital position or about our dividend. So again, without speaking for the Board, I think we have a very long 45-year track record of paying and increasing our dividend. We have a strong balance sheet. We are a capital-light business with strong cash generation. Our payout ratio is 55% to 60%, which, I think, gives us some room to be able to continue even with increases without running into any major capital constraints or restrictions on our investing. And so I would feel optimistic that our Board would be supportive of continuing the long track record the ADP has of 45 years as it stands. And I'll let Kathleen maybe make a comment or 2 about that as well.

It's a great question. I'll let Dany pull up the calculator to -- because I'm sure you're right about the drop being greater. There's no intention -- there's no signaling or anything intended there, maybe rounding or the math or something, but there's no magic formula there that we're trying to send some kind of message. I mean we think the PEO business is solid and strong and, I think, tends to weather recessions better. Again, every time you have a recession, it's a different kind of recession. So we had a financial crisis last time. This time, it's a health crisis. So I'm always cautious to -- of making kind of bold definitive statements. But historically, we've always worried about the PEO going into a recession or into a crisis being challenged because it does tend to be a -- kind of a more expensive, if you will, solution, if you will. But it also provides an enormously higher amount of value, right? And during these types of situations, like, for example, our PEO handles the questions not just of our clients, but of the employees of our clients. That's not what we generally do for our typical payroll requirements. That helps our clients a lot and releases them of a big burden, and provides those employees a lot of comforts. So there's a lot of real positives and good reason why people want to stay on a PEO or why they want to be on a PEO, even in a recessionary environment. So I would say that in the prior recessions, the PEO was not immune, just like it's not this time, from pays per control decreases and from some short-term disruption to new bookings. But we've been impressed. I've been through now, I guess, this is my third recession at ADP. And at least prior to -- the PEO performed on a relative basis, as well, if not better, than the rest of our business. And we would expect no different on a go-forward basis.

I think the first one that we're keeping our eye on is really these kind of leading indicators, if you will. So this would be job postings and background checks. And so that, I think, is -- those are, I think -- the job postings is obvious in the sense that people aren't really going to post new positions if they think that things are not going to, at some point, improve. So to me, that's a sign that people are doing the same thing we're doing, which is we're conservative and we're cautious, but we have to be prepared for every eventuality, including the optimistic one. And so this increase in postings and job postings, to me, means that people are starting to think of, "Well, if in 2, 3, 4 weeks, this state or this industry has some kind of opening, I need to make sure that I have the people available to handle that work," because these are business owners that obviously have to run their businesses. 
And then secondly, when they actually do that, then they actually have to put that person through the new hiring process, which is the screening and selection. So we're going to keep an eye on those 2 figures. 
Then closely behind that, I think, is we have a very large workforce management business or what some people would call time and attendance. And so that is also data that is very helpful in terms of seeing number of hours worked. It doesn't always help you a lot with an exempt workforce. But for people who are paid hourly, it's a very good indicator that kind of cuts through the noise of furloughs and layoffs and so forth and so on, and just kind of gives you some sense of "hours worked" and whether that is increasing or not increasing. So that should show an upturn before we show -- we see upturns in other things because people will take the existing people they have now and just have them work longer hours rather than adding additional people. So the addition of people will probably be the final, I think, sign of recovery. But we have a number of other indicators that we can look at that gives us an earlier view of where we're headed.

So it's hard to kind of find the words to close the call and describe the situation that we're in, but I'm trying to end on an optimistic note here. I've been now with ADP 20 years, and I've been through, I just mentioned, 2 recessions. This is my third. Been through Y2K, which most of the people on the call don't even remember. Dany certainly doesn't remember Y2K. He was too young. Through 9/11, we've been through wars, we've been through multiple changes in technology. Nobody was even talking about SaaS when I joined ADP. And every time we had a challenge, it looked like that was the challenge that we couldn't overcome. But every time, ADP overcame that challenge. And it's no different, I think, for the rest of, in this case, humanity because this is affecting not just the U.S., but it's affecting the entire world. People in ADP find a way to evolve and to adapt. So I have to be optimistic. We have a propensity to overcome. If not, we wouldn't be here talking to you today, whether it's us as human beings or us as a company. By the way, as I've said multiple times in other calls, we're 70 years old, and I think, as a company, and I think that tells you something, that we're a part of a very long history of overcoming challenges, and this one is going to be no different. 
And I'll leave you with something that I shared with our associates at the beginning of the crisis, which is something that our founder, Henry Taub, I think, established as a culture for the company that, I think, is appropriate. And he always told us, and he told me because I knew him personally, he told me, always take care of your associates and they will take care of your clients, and everything else will take care of itself. So I really appreciate the support of all of you for ADP. Thank you for calling in and asking your questions. And my best wishes to all of you for health and safety for you and your families. Thank you.