Thank you, Danny, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. This morning, we reported another strong set of quarterly results that were ahead of our expectations, with revenue growth of 1% and adjusted EBIT margin down 90 basis points, combining for a modest adjusted diluted EPS decline of 2%.
This, of course, was the final quarter before we begin to lap the impact of the pandemic. And I'm very proud of our organization's ability to have delivered positive revenue and earnings growth for the first 9 months of the fiscal year despite unprecedented challenges in the economy and the labor markets.
I'll start with a review of some of our key performance drivers and an update on the operating environment we've been experiencing. This quarter, our Employer Services New Business Bookings reaccelerated, and we delivered 7% growth, a strong result for the team. The improved year-over-year growth compared to the second quarter was driven by every business unit. Importantly, we ended the quarter on a particularly strong note, with record March sales performance that was well above pre-pandemic fiscal 2019 levels, which we see as a positive signal for client engagement in the quarters ahead.
The selling environment will likely continue to evolve month-to-month and with differences on a regional basis, as COVID cases and the reopening trajectories stabilize. We are optimistic that with vaccine deployment progressing steadily, our clients are in the best position since the pandemic started to begin making buying decisions again. Also encouraging is that we started to hold more in-person sales meetings, with over 1/3 of our field sales force having conducted at least 1 in-person meeting this quarter. We expect in-person engagement to pick up over the coming quarters as well.
With our Q3 performance and the trajectory we see in Q4, we're pleased to narrow our bookings range around a higher midpoint. We now expect growth of 20% to 25% for the year versus 15% to 25% prior. Achieving this growth rate would put us at first full year sales productivity close to 90% of pre-pandemic levels, which would be an incredible achievement for our sales associates. 
Our retention, which has been a key driver for our strong results this year, was a positive development once again and performed slightly ahead of even our revised and elevated expectations. Retention remains at record levels.
Many of you have been asking about how sustainable this improved retention performance is for ADP. It's a great question and hard to answer with precision given the unpredictable environment we're all in. But our belief is that during the pandemic, there have been some temporary benefits from client hesitancy to make major decisions, plus lower out-of-business losses given government support in North America and Europe. But we also believe there will be enduring benefit resulting from the record client satisfaction we've seen as our product and service both have continued to improve. 
Next quarter, we expect to be in a better position to talk about retention expectations for fiscal 2022. But clearly, we feel very good about what we've achieved this year. On the back of our record Q3 performance, we're pleased to raise our guidance and now expect full year retention to be up at least 125 basis points from 2020 versus our prior guidance of up 100 basis points. As a reminder, this guidance would put us in record territory for the year.
Moving to the overall employment picture. Our pays per control metric performance was softer than expected as it improved only modestly from Q2 and rounded again to a decline of 6% for Q3. But that said, we are encouraged by the recent trends in employment data, particularly in the U.S., as more of the economy reopens. As of April, we've now started to lap the pandemic-affected pays per control figures and have been pleased with the positive year-over-year growth we've seen so far in Q4. So we're making no change to our full year pays per control outlook of down 3% to 4%.
I'd like to now provide an update on some of our key product and strategic initiatives. In February, we announced the launch of Roll, a new payroll and tax filing product for small businesses. Roll combines the simplicity of an AI-driven, chat-based interface with the power and scale of our payroll and tax filing expertise, sold digitally and delivered through an app-only interface.
With this offering, we believe we can expand our reach into the U.S. small business market beyond the businesses we've historically targeted with RUN, as the target clients for Roll users is with simpler needs who prioritize a mobile-first, fully chat-based interface. This is a different set of users compared with the target clients for a more comprehensive RUN solution. We look forward to sharing Roll's progress with you in the quarters ahead.
Parallel to this, we're also making great progress in increasing the amount of digital onboarding we're conducting with RUN. And we've continued to scale up this capability since we discussed it with you during our Innovation Day in early 2020. This quarter alone, 15,000 or over 1/3 of our new RUN clients onboarded themselves digitally, enabling a better experience for the clients as well as cost savings for ADP.
This initiative is just one of many digitally enabled efforts we are making to drive improved efficiency at ADP. And as we've mentioned in the past, we have more to look forward to as our digital transformation continues.
Our Next Gen Payroll engine also continues to scale up and demonstrate success in the mid-market. In this quarter, we sold hundreds more clients and continued to expand our capability set to accommodate more complex payroll needs. We now have over 400 clients live on Workforce Now with our Next Gen Payroll engine, and we expect to accelerate this further in the coming quarters.
In addition to its improving position in the mid-market, Workforce Now continues to scale nicely into the enterprise market. In this quarter, ADP was recognized as a customer's choice leader in Gartner's Voice of the Customer for cloud HCM suites from North American companies with 1000-or-more employees. This is a great milestone for the team and strong validation of the flexibility of Workforce Now, as we've continued to sell it to larger clients in recent years while, of course, concurrently scaling implementation and service of our Next Gen HCM platform.
Ultimately, these product enhancements are all designed to drive growth. And I'm happy to report that this quarter, our client count reached 900,000, a remarkable achievement, particularly during the pandemic. This is a testament to both the strong retention we've experienced this year as well as better-than-expected year-to-date sales performance.
We're very proud of our execution so far this year. And we look forward to putting the impact of the pandemic behind us. On that front, we recognize there's a lot of interest in our potential growth and earnings profile for next year. As you can appreciate, it's still early to discuss fiscal 2022 with any precision given the dynamic environment and the fact that we're still going through our operating plan process for next year. But Kathleen will share some additional perspective on fiscal 2022 in a moment.
I'd also like to share that we plan to host a virtual Investor Day later this calendar year, where we plan to update you on our strategy and discuss our post-pandemic aspirations. We are tentatively aiming for November, and we'll share a date shortly. For now, we remain focused on maintaining our very positive momentum as we close out this fiscal year.
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Kathleen for more detail on the quarter and the outlook.

Yes. I think that that's right. I think you would look at it really as incremental because if you recall, like our first quarter, we had pretty robust sales results really with almost 100% of our sales force working virtually at that point. So we expect that the increased activity, if you're listening to the tone of our comments, that it's really incremental and hopefully gets us quickly back to the same productivity levels we were pre-pandemic, which we were approaching in the third and fourth quarter here and then hopefully beyond that because, obviously, part of our model before was that we expected some incremental improvement in productivity each year in addition to increases in headcount.
And when you combine those factors, in addition to kind of new products and other things, that's what kind of drove our new business bookings growth, the combination of increases in headcount and increases in productivity. So you're right, that's the path, this will help us get quickly back to our previous productivity and hopefully allow us to get above that, which is, I think, important for us in terms of our long-term growth expectations.

I think -- for corporate, I think, what you're referring to, really -- what's currently on the table. We do know there's a lot of discussion about a lot of different things, including an increase in the kind of tax rate for the higher-income individuals. But right now, from what I -- and there's obviously discussion about capital gains taxes as well.
But right now, the thing that is probably most prevalent in discussions is corporate income tax rate. And I'm trying to think through -- I don't believe that, that has really any direct impact on our balances. They obviously have an impact on ADP corporate itself, but I don't know, Danny, if you have...

Well, I think if you -- from our prepared comments, you would probably see that the pressures are what I would call self-inflicted in the sense that we believe there's an opportunity for us to make some investments that improve our long-term growth prospects, both for '22 and beyond. And I think Kathleen, in particular, mentioned the 2 or 3 things that we're investing in.
So the answer is no, there's no kind of mysterious margin pressure. In other words, the business continues to move in the right trajectory, like almost every metric we have has improved. In fact, I'd say every metric we have has improved sequentially, even the pays per control. Even though it was modest, it's still rounded to 6% down. We know now, after watching the data at the beginning of Q4, that that's heading in the right direction. And we can all tell from what's happening in unemployment that that's going to also continue to improve fairly quickly here.
So when you really kind of add it all together, like we're in a very strong position to have very strong momentum. And people who've known us for a long time know that when we experience that, we try to reinvest some of that. And I think that's exactly what you're seeing in the fourth quarter. So I would say that those are conscious decisions that we are making.

It's a relatively modest contribution because despite our level of excitement about, really, all of our Next Gen platforms and even Roll, which you could argue that that's a Next Gen solution as well, again, it's just because of the size and scale of our company, like right now, from a dollar impact standpoint, it's really not -- that's not what's moving the needle. It's really across the board. Really, in every business unit, in every channel, in every category, our bookings have been improving, again, sequentially every quarter. And they continue to do that this quarter.
So we believe that medium to long term, that's the key to us sustaining kind of our multi-decade growth rates is these Next Gen platforms. But I just continue to caution everyone too because we want to give you the updates and we want to continue to focus on Next Gen. And I like -- I appreciate the question because it's important to kind of separate what's driving the quarters and what's driving the next fiscal year versus what's driving the next 3 to 5 years. 
And I would say that Next Gen Payroll is going to be increasingly important in the next year or two from a bookings standpoint and will start to probably make a difference. And we'll then give you that color in terms of what difference it's making. But we should be cautious about revenue impact just because of the recurring revenue model. It just takes a while for that to get into the revenue growth numbers. But it was positive but really not what really moved the needle.

That is yet come is really the message there.

Well, I mean I think there's a number of moving parts. And I think it probably depends on people's kind of business model. So as you know, our business model is really more about providing not just the software [indiscernible] the support, right? You can call it support. You can call service. You can call it compliance. And I think what we saw this year with all of the activity that the government had around the various stimulus programs to help companies and individuals and so on, that created a lot of complexity for employers.
It appears that we're entering into an environment where, despite the pandemic hopefully fading, there will be increased levels of government activity around employment and incentives and that kind of thing. I think that's a good environment for ADP and for our downmarket business because most small businesses don't have the time or the inclination to really focus on these things and to take care of these things.
So it works for some clients, and we believe that. That's why we're rolling out Roll, no pun intended. But once you get to even a little bit slightly larger, you do end up running into issues that you need help with and you need support and need advice. And much of that can be automated, but you still need it.
So for example, a lot of our PPP support reports were automated. So it doesn't mean that somebody has to get on the phone and have a discussion about your PPP report. But you have to be focused on providing the support and the compliance in addition to just the software. So I think that helped us this year.
And again, so to answer your question, how do we believe we're set up competitively right now, I think we're set up excellently, competitively, because we now have very simple solutions for the micro market where people want to self-buy, self-install and don't have complexity and maybe don't have issues with taxes or compliance or don't want to ask questions because it's not priced or built to ask questions. But we also have the ability to provide this assistance that is important for even small clients.
For sure, it's important for midsize clients and for larger clients. But I think what really got highlighted this year is that small clients need a lot of help and need a lot of assistance. And you can see in our growth rates, in our retention, in our client satisfaction, like in all of our metrics in our small business division, that we happen to be in the right place at the right time, I think, to be able to help our clients and then hopefully now benefit from the tailwind of the demand that that's going to create on a go-forward basis. So anyway, long-winded way of saying I think we're in a great position because of our business model.

As usual, for us, things are a little more -- when you peel the onion back, there's a little bit more complexity because you -- the image you have is correct, but it hasn't really translated into the results. Our results have actually been quite good internationally, both in terms of bookings as well as just the performance of the business overall, in terms of revenue, pays per control, et cetera.
Some of that is that a large portion of our business is in Europe. And there were a lot of government programs there as well to help companies and to prevent high levels of unemployment. And so for example, our pays per control metric never got to the negative levels that we saw in the U.S. and Europe. So that was a benefit.
At the same time, our bookings have been quite strong. And I have to admit that I've been looking for kind of the explanation for that other than really good execution on the part of our sales force as they moved into a virtual environment because they had to sell virtually there as well. But I would say it's strong differentiation of our products. Again, the service aspect to our solutions, the ability to provide support and to provide compliance and help, all of those things probably helped our bookings performance internationally as well. 
So I would say that our global business actually is probably one of the bright spots, I would say, despite what is obviously a very difficult environment. And we obviously feel for our businesses in not just Europe, which now happens to be improving again, particularly in the U.K., but we're having challenges now in Toronto. We're having -- in Canada, in Brazil. We're having challenges obviously, as you know, in India as well. But it has not translated into negative results.
So I think it's a testament to the resiliency and the strength of the business model. But I don't want to take anything away from the fact that it also obviously shows great execution by our international leaders as well.

I don't believe we've provided like that data. So I'm surprised you came to that conclusion, but we -- maybe it's part of our tone. So there isn't a huge difference between ES pays per control performance and PEO. They both have been improving every quarter sequentially.
And remember, the PEO doesn't -- we generally stay away from very, very small clients. So we don't have a lot of clients that are 1 to 2 employees or 5 employees. The average size client in the PEO, I think, is somewhere around 40. And so by definition, it tends to skew a little bit bigger than maybe our average client size, for sure, for small business.
So actually, I was looking at these figures last night. It makes perfect sense kind of where we are, which is that the PEO is performing a little bit better in terms of absolute level of pays per control and has been improving sequentially just as ES has as well.
So -- and again, I'm probably not allowed to say this because I'm going to get in trouble. But last night, I got a note from the PEO that we experienced the first positive pays per control week. Now the problem with pays per control is that it does vary based on payroll cycles. So if you have weekly payrolls or biweekly payrolls, so you and I can't read anything into that. But it's the first time we've had a positive pays per control in any week over the last 12 months. So that's a very positive sign.

Well, the efficient digital onboarding, I think we were pretty clear, was in [ FPS ]. We would love to, at some point in the future, extend that into the mid-market and maybe someday into the upmarket. But as you know, like -- you know better than us because you talk to a lot of our competitors, there's not a lot of digital onboarding going on, for example, with large, complex ERP installations. Not to pick on any competitors, but it's pretty -- I know the image is that this stuff all kind of gets installed itself, but most of -- many of our competitors use third parties.
So there's still quite a lot of implementation activity and expense, whether it's done by the seller of the solutions or if it's done by a third party. We happen to have a model where we do a lot of it ourselves. And so as bookings pick up and demand picks up, we need to add to our capacity for implementation, in particular, in the mid-market, the upmarket and also global, which as I mentioned, has been strong.
So that doesn't mean that we're not adding in the downmarket also. But in our small business segment, as we alluded to and as I think you pointed out, the digital onboarding capabilities obviously reduce the need to grow headcount as much as we otherwise would have. But even in small business, we have a lot of growth in bookings. And so it's a matter of the trade-off of how much can we onboard digitally versus how much we still need some help with in terms of people being involved in. 
In terms of some of the other items that we alluded to, I mean some of this is just kind of natural to the business model. As we bring on more clients, we obviously expect productivity improvements every year, whether it's in sales or implementation or everywhere. But we are seeing a recovery of our business and very strong GDP forecast.
And so we're anticipating improved prospects for bookings and for revenue and for growth. And we need to make sure that we have the right staffing levels based on the productivity metrics that -- and the productivity goals that we have to be able to handle that business so we can maintain our high clients of -- level of client satisfaction that we've experienced.
And then we have some natural growth in expenses like -- I think Kathleen alluded to sales expense is clearly something that grows as you have sales success and as grows -- sales grow year-over-year. So I wouldn't read too much into it, other than that we made some conscious decisions to reinvest in some specific things in the fourth quarter to really position us well for '22 and beyond. But most of this is just kind of natural stuff where, again, as our revenue growth picks up over time, we still have a great incremental margin business, where we would expect to have good operating leverage as we grow those revenues.

I don't -- it doesn't feel like it's appropriate to give you -- I think you asked for the numbers. I don't know how -- you can probably do the math yourself, like in terms of -- when you look at the trajectory that we're on, you could probably back into some rough -- this is not in the hundreds of millions of dollars, again, but again, I respect the short-term orientation that we have here and that you guys are trying to -- but I would not read as much as you may be reading into these fourth quarter investments because we've done this all the way back to my -- Gary taught me everything I know. And you knew Gary, I think, as well, Mark.
And we are a long-term-oriented company. And we -- when we see opportunities to improve and to invest in things that are either going to drive our bookings or drive our client satisfaction or drive our efficiency, that's what we're going to do. And we've been doing that all along.
So this is -- it's not like we hadn't invested. We've been telling you that we've been investing for the last 3 quarters, and that was a conscious decision. We took a little bit of a beating for that at the beginning of the year. Fortunately, we had positive surprises on the revenue side and on pays per control and other things. But we committed that we were going to invest through the downturn, and that's what we've done.
And now we feel like there are a few things that we can do that I would call -- I don't want to call them housekeeping items. But they're not -- these are not in the hundreds of millions of dollars, but they put some pressure on our fourth quarter margin. And we knew that it would create some questions even though it really has nothing to do with '22 or kind of our future expectations of either revenue growth or operating leverage.
But again, I understand the question, but I don't think that -- maybe Danny can give you a little bit more color. But I'm not sure giving you an exact number is probably the right approach.

Yes. And I think it's something that we've been excited about. But again, it was hard to get excited about. There was a lot of natural tailwind because people wanted more digitally-oriented payment methods in the last 3 quarters.
But from a focus standpoint, like for the first couple of quarters of the year, we were focused on a lot of things. And this may not have made it all the way to the top of the list, but it was on the top of the list kind of pre-pandemic, if you recall.
And so I think I would see this as more of a reemergence of some of the themes and some of the things that we had been talking about that excite us because I think the Wisely opportunity is a big one. So I'm glad that the team brought this forward in terms of as an investment opportunity because we were excited about it, call it, 12 to 18 months ago. We should be just as excited about it today. But admittedly, it wasn't our #1 focus in the middle of the pandemic, if you will, or at the beginning of the pandemic.

Yes. I can give you some color. We don't -- I don't think that's something that we've disclosed in terms of the actual breakdown by business, but I can give you general ideas. So we had -- that 6% growth, the 900,000 -- and we had, call it, growth of somewhere around that for RUN. Our WFN growth was around that as well. And GlobalView was around that as well. So from a client -- pure client growth standpoint, if you look at our strategic platforms, they grew in kind of that neighborhood from a client growth standpoint, which we see as really great news given the very difficult environment that we're in.
Obviously, when you look at, mathematically, the overall growth rate and the overall number, it's driven in large part by our small business division because that's where we have the bulk of the absolute number of clients. But I wanted to give you a little bit of color around -- if you look at Workforce Now across our multiple channels because, remember, we sell Workforce Now just in the -- not just in the mid-market but we sell it in the upmarket, and we sell it in the PEO platform as well. We also have that platform in Canada. And so that gives you some sense of kind of how well that platform is growing, which is really satisfying to us. So hopefully, that helps a little bit.

You've stumped us.

Yes. I think it's generally -- it's been consistent, like it's really, frankly, remarkable, which is why we keep emphasizing some caution because we hope -- there's no plan -- we're not going to give it back, and we're not hoping for a give-back. But in this business, like people who have been following us for a long time, like when we have a 10 to 20 basis point move in retention, it's a big deal.
So to have this kind of retention on top of the retention that we had last year is pretty remarkable. And so we're pretty excited about it. And I think the key for us is trying to determine -- like when I look at the retention figures, there's a lot of improvement in what's called the controllable losses, so the ones that are related to kind of service issues and so forth.
So we're excited that we might be able to hold on to some of this gain. But at the same time, we're realistic enough to acknowledge that some of the stuff that was related to kind of out of business and government stimulus, there might be a little bit of give-back there.
But it's been pretty consistent, like every -- it seems like every quarter, the improvement has been in that same neighborhood year-over-year. Hence, why we kind of tweaked the full year -- because we're probably going to end up in the range that we gave you, which is a little higher than what we had before. But it wasn't -- we weren't trying to like send any kind of message about the fourth quarter in particular.

I don't have a lot to report on. We obviously watch all that stuff, like you're referring to the balance of trade. And as you said, it's hard for me to tell about retention in terms of the rest of the industry. You guys would be the experts on that because my casual review of some 10-Ks makes it kind of hard to compare, like some people would say retention of their annual recurring revenue, cloud revenues, which is not the same as the retention for their company.
So it's kind of hard for me to say. I mean some of it, I would say, is probably more variable than you think based on what I'm seeing in terms of the variability of growth rates because it's clearly been a huge part of our ability to outperform.
I mean this is a pretty remarkable revenue performance given what we've been through and given the pays per control headcount. And by the way, nobody has brought it up yet, but we have a huge headwind on client funds interest, which is going to abate here in the fourth quarter and is going to abate next year as well. There may still be a little bit of headwind, but this was really the worst quarter that we had in these 9 months, where that -- there was a $130 million drag just from client funds interest.
So when you put everything into the pot, without really good strong retention, it's hard to outperform the way we have. And we've done some work on the relative performances of us versus some of our competitors. And we feel pretty good about that and about our potential for retention to be one of the needle movers there. There might be some other factors that I'm not -- that we're not -- we haven't thought about. But no, I don't think there's anything else really big out there, like we've done a little bit better against some of our -- the usual competitors that you know about in terms of balance of trade. But there's others that are still challenging for us.
And so net-net, we're pretty comfortable with where we are and determined to continue to drive our growth. I think all of us are probably benefiting from kind of overall economic growth. And the fact that it seems like maybe there are some either in-house or regional providers that are -- because you can see our -- we're growing our units in Workforce Now and in RUN. And so we're -- it seems like we're all -- have some ability to grow in this environment, which is, I guess, good for everyone.

Yes. I think it's a great question. We obviously are trying to figure that out because it's very important to the long-term value creation of the company. And it's all the things you mentioned because you obviously know the business well enough that you hit on all. And the question is how much is each of those, right? Like the last one that you mentioned about the goodwill, there's no question that us being there -- like there were 2 or 3 months where people could not talk to anyone other than us about what to do, right? What to do about the PPP loans that the government was offering, around tax credits, because if you buy software from someone, you can't call them to ask them those questions. I just want to remind everyone, right?
You can call them to ask them about the software. And you can send in a ticket to get your software issue resolved. But you can't call to ask about tax deferrals or tax credits or PPP reports or any of that kind of stuff. So we clearly built a lot of goodwill. But on the other hand, business is business, and goodwill doesn't last forever. So we're not planning on living off of that for the next 5 or 10 years. 
So that brings me back to kind of the basics of client satisfaction, which is we have to be there for our clients when they need us, not just during the pandemic but at all times. So I would say that the second major factor, besides the goodwill that I mentioned and some of the digital initiatives to like make things easier for our clients and improve our user experience, is that we did not panic at the onset of the pandemic.
And if you recall, we took some lumps for that because we really maintained our investments, both -- not just in R&D but we maintained our investments in headcount and implementation.
That doesn't mean that we didn't have some drift down as a result of some turnover, which we did. And our headcount did decline because we had temporarily a drop in volume, if you will. But that was really, really important, right, to be able to kind of get through this period and be able to deliver on our commitments to our clients.
And back to the comments I made about productivity before, that's one of those things that we watch very carefully because we want to improve productivity. But we won't -- we can't be naive and think that if our -- obviously, if our headcount was 10% lower, we'd have higher net income. The problem is what would your client satisfaction be and your retention.
And so that's the magic, right, of being able to figure out what's that right balance. And you have tools to figure that out. You have monitoring systems, right, to understand what the client satisfaction levels are in relation to how quickly you're getting back to people to resolve their problems, for example, and how well trained your people are.
So there's a number of different factors that we look at. But the key is to be committed to delivering high levels of client service, which we are. And I think we just proved it. If we can do it during a pandemic, we can do it anytime.

Yes. And I would say that you should not read anything into that other than what we said, which is we're still really positive. We believe we're going to continue to get sequential productivity improvements. But the percentage growth rate is really related to the base effect is really when you get down to it, right? Whether it's 110 or 150 or 190, it's not that -- I know you know it's not that important because I think you're trying to get to a number. You're using the percentage to get to the number.
But you should probably -- if I were you, I would look at maybe call it the second quarter or maybe 2019 fourth quarter or something. There's got to be something else that would give you something good as a proxy, right, where -- we don't expect to be back to 100% productivity levels in the fourth quarter, but we should be getting close to like where we were in 2019. And there might be other small moving parts there from 2019. So I don't want to go out on a limb and say that's the right analog. But anyway, I think that's hopefully helpful.

It's 100% timing related because we can see in the data -- we have other data sets like they show us, like, for example, job postings and background checks, screenings and so forth. So you shouldn't read anything into it.
And we did not temper our fourth quarter at all. In fact, we kind of tried to clarify that we kept the full year the same, despite the third quarter being a little bit softer, in part because we think we're on the same positive trajectory that I think -- that we thought we were on. So we're seeing the same thing you're seeing in terms of employment and unemployment. And we would fully expect these pays per control numbers to improve rapidly here.
And remember that we're talking today about numbers that were through the end of the third -- sorry, through the end of March, and those numbers are for 3 months, right? So if you look at the third month, in March, it's different than it was for January. And January, February, I know it's hard to remember, to think back that far in how bad things were. That was a completely different picture than the picture we had in early April and maybe in the last -- very last week of March. So I wouldn't read anything into it other than timing.

Absolutely. I think that you're right. I mean some of this obviously is cyclical, right, in the sense that 12 to 18 months ago, people were looking for other tools other than client acquisition tools. So you have to be careful about not kind of shifting with the wind necessarily. You have to be consistently able to help people throughout the whole life cycle of HCM. And right now, that happens to be an important one.
And so I would say that there's 2 things. One is we build our own tools, as you said, around recruitment management. And we also have an RPO business, and we have other tools to help with the talent acquisition process. We also partner and we have some really strong partnerships. I'm not sure I should -- I don't know if I mentioned the names of the companies or not. But the names that you hear a lot of kind of advertising about, we have very strong integration and partnerships with some of those companies to really make it easy, in particular, in small business but also even in the mid-market for people to use those tools to really help with the recruiting needs that they have.
But we feel we've been making -- we have made significant investments in our recruitment management platform and our talent acquisition platforms, nothing to do with the pandemic. So that -- you could call it fortuitous that we had done that before the pandemic. And we would expect that those would be contributors to our overall value proposition, into our revenue -- sorry, into our bookings growth because those are generally tools that create incrementality around your bookings number.
In other words, what you can charge clients is typically there's a core set of solutions. And then recruitment management, things like time and attendance or workforce management, those tend to be more incremental around the basic package, if you will, of HCM.
So we're positive. We're bullish on it. And I think we're very -- just as a reminder, our app marketplace is -- creates a very easy and seamless way for people to use different solutions in HCM. And this would be a category that we would have a lot of partners in that app marketplace that allow you to get all the other benefits you mentioned about ADP's business model and still be able to fulfill your talent acquisition needs. If you don't believe that ADP has what you need, which we believe you do, but if you don't, you can always get it through one of our partners.

Probably not worth mentioning. As you know, the yield curve, like right now, kind of 5- and 7-year is a little bit better than 2 and 3 just because of the way the Fed is managing the curve, if you will. So I think there are always -- I would call them tactical opportunities but no. I mean I think our duration has been in the same range since I've been CEO. And I would anticipate that's not changing. And we're not changing our laddering strategy and we're not changing our client funds interest strategy.
The good news is that it appears the worst is behind us in terms of drag from client funds interest, which was painful. I think we had a $50 million drag just this quarter. So again, not to beat a dead horse, but it just shows the strength of the business that we didn't mention that to you. And we kind of overcame that drag and $130 million for the year. So we're looking forward to better times ahead. 
And I did see an interesting chart. Again, I probably shouldn't say this, but we had $16 billion in balances in 2008. And we had $635 million in client funds interest -- I'm sorry, $685 million, not $35 million in client funds interest. So it just shows to you the magnitude. I mean you all know what's happened to interest rates, but that was 2008. That wasn't like a different century or in a different country, like that was here.
And so today, our balances are, call it, the mid-$20 billion number for the year. I think that's the expectation. So I think you could probably do the math yourself in terms of if we do believe that there's going to be some inflation here. And if you look at the inflation breakevens and you look at some other things that are going on, we're looking forward to better times ahead for client funds interest.

So as you can tell from our comments, we continue to, I think, have the same level of optimism as we had last quarter. And we're really, really thankful for the performance of our sales organization and also our frontline associates in terms of what they've been able to do for our clients.
And at the risk of ending on a negative note, though, all of this positive and all of this -- positivity and enthusiasm, we don't want to overlook the fact that we still have some challenges, and some people still have some challenges in other parts of the world. This is a U.S.-headquartered company with over 80% of our revenues in the U.S. So that's probably why you're hearing all of this optimism.
But we're not only in the U.S. We have associates in India, in Brazil, in Canada and in Europe, and the situation is not the same there. Even though the businesses are performing well, we -- just as back in the spring of last year, there was enormous suffering and challenges here in the U.S. among our associates. The same thing is happening for some of our associates and some other parts of the world, in particular, in India.
And we are not going to forget them. We're doing everything we can to help them. We appreciate what the U.S. government is doing, along with the Indian government and local governments to help as well. And we look forward to helping them kind of get through the same difficult situation that we managed to get through. 
And they too will have their vaccination rates pick up in all of those parts of the world. And they too will emerge from the pandemic, but it's clear that it's going to take a little bit longer. And we should all remember to be there, to help them and to support them in any way we can. And ADP will do exactly that.
But having said that, we are close to seeing the situation in the rearview mirror here. And we're really anxious to see our growth rates reaccelerate to kind of where we were pre-pandemic here at some point in the future and getting back to the business and to helping our clients with their challenges and helping our associates build careers and helping all of you and our other shareholders and stakeholders get a fair return for their investment.
So we -- I guess, as always, we appreciate your interest in ADP, and we appreciate you tuning in. And we will be back in a quarter with our outlook for fiscal year '22. Thank you.