Thank you, Christian. good morning, everyone. This morning, we reported our fourth quarter fiscal 2018 results with revenue of $3.3 billion, up 8% reported and 6% organic constant currency. We ended the year with total revenue of $13.3 billion, up 8% reported and 6% organic constant currency. 
We're very happy to report our new business bookings grew 18% in the fourth quarter and 8% for the year, both ahead of our expectations. We saw strong performance across all of our businesses this quarter, which, we believe, serves as further validation of the renewed momentum within our sales force following fiscal 2017. We were also pleased to see our new logo strategy continue to show results with double-digit new client growth this quarter and nearly double-digit growth for the full year. 
Now let me spend a few moments on the recent performance of our PEO. Revenues for the year grew 12%, in line with our expectations, while average worksite employees grew 9% to 504,000. After a softer third quarter bookings and retention performance, we took certain actions to address our internal lead flows that we believe will help drive a reacceleration next year, and we are pleased to see positive signs of this working this quarter with double-digit bookings growth and solid double-digit new logo growth. 
Similar to last quarter, our PEO bookings and retention were strong in the downmarket, while we have continued to see some pressure from larger client losses in the mid-market. However, our competitive position remained strong, and the volatility in our mid-market retention is not new and follows a record-high retention in fiscal 2017. We have previously outlined the volatility of retention within the PEO and, particularly, the impact of the timing of larger client losses. As we work to overcome some of these challenges from the second half of fiscal 2018, we continue to believe that the PEO represents a significant opportunity for us. With nearly $1 billion of revenues, excluding pass-throughs and very healthy margins, we remain excited about the future of the PEO.
Now I'd like to focus on the strong progress of our investments to improve the client experience. With our mid-market migrations behind us and our Service Alignment Initiative nearing completion, we are happy to see a continued overall improvement in our client satisfaction scores this quarter. In particular, we were very happy to see our mid-market scores return back to levels last seen in early fiscal 2015, and we are confident our recent service initiatives will help drive continued improvements across our entire portfolio.
Our Employer Services revenue retention for the quarter and for the full year were both in line with expectations. As you know, on a quarterly basis, this metric can be volatile. And this quarter, we saw a decline of 120 basis points. However, more importantly, for the full year, we were pleased to see continued positive year-over-year momentum as our overall annual retention increased by 50 basis points to 90.4% and continues to benefit from the improvements in client satisfaction that I just outlined. 
Going forward, we will be guiding to annual retention, and Jan will take you through some of these changes later.
In early June, we hosted an Investor Day where we discussed in detail our strategic vision, transformation initiatives and financial outlook for the next 3 years. We received a lot of positive feedback. And for those of you who may have missed it or would like to revisit it, the materials and the video replay have been posted to our Investor Relations website. 
Our goal for the event was to outline our plans for driving sustainable long-term profitable growth and provide a deep dive into our product strategy and the actions we have been taking to accelerate our transformation initiatives. Through our investments in product, service and distribution, we continue to build our momentum. We are shaping the HCM industry through organic innovations, such as our next-gen platforms as well as our strategic acquisitions, such as Global Cash Card and WorkMarket. 
Our leading position in the global HCM market continues to represent a significant opportunity for us. And earlier today, we were proud to announce the acquisition of Celergo, a respected provider of international payroll management services. Celergo complements and augments our current multinational offerings through the combination of a proprietary, cloud-based platform and a broad local partner network across 150 countries, and we couldn't be more excited. With these investments, we are expanding on our position as the only global HCM provider that can help businesses address their full hire-to-retire needs across their entire workforce, be that traditional or freelance. 
We also continue to engage with a number of key partners, including our recent partnership with Microsoft to bring together Workforce Now and Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central and innovators like Slack and ZipRecruiter. As the world of work continues to evolve rapidly, we continue to focus on staying ahead of the curve. 
Last quarter, with the assistance of the transformation office, we finalized plans for a voluntary early retirement program. We were pleased to start fiscal 2019 through a successfully managed first wave of transitions, and we remain focused on executing this initiative in an orderly and timely manner. As a result, we recognized a non-GAAP charge of $337 million in the fourth quarter and anticipate annualized pretax savings of approximately $150 million, with about 2/3 of the anticipated benefit expected in fiscal 2019. 
All this growth and success would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of our associates who continue to be an integral part of our efforts to drive change and ensure our successful transformation. 
And with that, I'll turn over the call to Jan for his commentary on the fourth quarter results and fiscal 2019 outlook.

We actually had -- so I think our -- we feel still pretty good about our momentum when you look across the different businesses with retention and you look at our client satisfaction scores. As usual, there was some noise from a couple of large losses, so we did have, in particular, a large loss in our -- what we call our comp solutions business, which really provides stand-alone services. So there was a company that we're providing stand-alone services to that was a relatively large revenue loss and that had an impact on the numbers. So I guess, the -- it's the old story; this happens every several quarters, that we have 1 or 2 large losses that may move the needle, and I think that's what happened this quarter. But we still feel pretty good. In full transparency, our mid-market retention actually was pretty good and it's because we did finish the migration. So even though we had some losses towards the end of the migrations, there were still -- in relation to the size of the business, there were few enough left that even though we lost some at the end, we still now are seeing what we were hoping to see, which is our strategic platform has higher retention rates. And as the amount of business on the old platform goes to 0, you see the math just works in your favor. And so I think we have nothing but positive things to report about our mid-market retention in the fourth quarter.

Yes. Adding just to Jan's comment, the -- I always worry when we have the strong finish, as Jan was alluding to. We typically have incentives that drive very strong performance towards the end. That tends to happen to be magnified when you already are having a very strong year. And I think we had definitely a good year, but as you know, the first half was still a challenge for us and it was really in the third quarter where we really kind of picked up the momentum. And then in the fourth quarter, that momentum accelerated. So we did have a strong finish. I think people were racing towards those accelerators. But again, this is more art than science in terms of trying to get a feel for kind of where we are. But I would echo Jan's comment that we're feeling pretty good, at least, for -- about the start. The momentum carrying into the first quarter is, I think, good.

We looked at the balance of trade numbers to really see if there's any kind of competitive issues and we didn't see anything there throughout the whole year. So we then, I think it was probably after the first half, started looking back to see is there something. Typically, when you don't see any issues that are competitive or the economy or otherwise, there's usually -- in my experience at ADP and taught to me by my predecessors, is there's usually something around our incentives internally. Because, as you know, whether it's in the PEO or other parts of our business, our incentives are quite aligned to drive business to our most profitable highest revenue sources, which are the PEO. And we get I think it's about 50% of our business from internally generated leads. So that system of incentives and lead flow is very, very important. And we did make some changes that, I'm ashamed to say, I wasn't 100% aware of, that I think would have created a destruction, let's just say, to lead flow, particularly for mid-market clients into the PEO. So we readjusted those incentives, I believe it was in the third quarter of -- towards the end of the third quarter of this fiscal year, and we already saw, in the fourth quarter, double-digit growth in bookings in the PEO. And we don't want to split it in terms of how much was upmarket and downmarket. But we had -- suffice to say, we had strong double-digit sales growth and bookings growth in the PEO, and the mid-market contributed to that without getting too specific.

And I think Jan's comment about double-digit unit growth is for the full year. It's in addition to my comment about the fourth quarter. I think it's another triangulation to get to the conclusion right now. Our conclusion is that there is no competitive issue.

So a couple of -- just points in terms of -- from a historical perspective. We started using reinsurance. As you know, we disclose all this in our 10-K. So the amount of reserves we have is related to years back between -- I believe it's 2004 and 2012, if I'm not mistaken, or '13. From that point forward, we have less volatility even then -- even though there is a -- some risk sharing collar, if you will, but it's very -- relatively limited. So this issue about reserves is historical. But we have seen, fortunately, overall, positive development in the last several years. And so this is not the first year in '18 where we've had a benefit from what we would call release of reserves, if you will. Now some of that is related to possibly the economy. It could be related to health care. There's a lot of things that go in. Workers' compensation is a long-tail insurance. And so there is quite a bit of volatility in those numbers themselves. But we've consistently, over the last 4 years, had benefits, if you will. In '18, it was a particularly large benefit, which is why Jan was, in his comments, explaining that we have a grow-over issue. We don't -- as you can imagine, we can't plan for the release of workers' compensation reserves because that has to do with actuarial work that gets done -- it actually gets done on a quarterly basis, and we adjust those reserves on a quarterly basis. But if we continue to have favorable loss development, which it what causes the release of these reserves, we should have some benefit in '19. We just don't believe that it could be as large as it was in '19 and don't, at least, have that planned currently.

It's really not that -- it's not significant enough to -- we have lots of other things that were of similar size, like, for example, we -- that go in the other direction. So we had acquisition drag. We had -- our migrations expense went up by almost $20 million for the year. So the issue is that since we have segment reporting, we're giving you margins at the segment level, and we're increasing our disclosure. We're just giving you a lot of extra color, but we weren't trying to imply that we made our numbers or that our EPS was driven by the reserves. It just happens to be that because of the size of the PEO, when you exclude pass-throughs in the PEO and you look at that margin, it's a large business, but the release of those reserves, I think can impact those margins from quarter-to-quarter and from a -- and from year-to-year. But you shouldn't read -- don't read anything more into it other than at the segment level, which is where we're trying to give you color on.

Well, I think there are a couple of different pieces. One is the momentum in terms of worksite -- underlying worksite employee growth, which I think we've been talking about it for the last -- we talked about it the last quarter. I think it was also a focus item. You guys had questions about it then. And again, no different than the rest of our recurring revenue businesses. If we believe that -- and we do believe that we're optimistic about next year around new business bookings and retention. It's not something that turns around in July or in August. It's a gradual back -- lift back up over the course of the year. So I think some of it is just the core slowdown in worksite employee growth, which has gone from somewhere in the low teens to 9%, I think is what we just said we ended the year. So that's one factor. And then the other factor, which is actually more significant if you're focused on top line growth, which I would be careful about doing in the PEO, is what happens with pass-throughs. And so as Jan was alluding to, we have an issue with workers' compensation and SUI rates coming down, which is, frankly, a huge positive for us from a selling standpoint. It's a positive for our clients. It's a positive for retention, but that puts pressure on revenues. And then the biggest factor, really, is benefits. When you look at top line overall revenue in the PEO, we've had years, particularly as ACA was starting to kick in, in the early years of the Affordable Care Act, we had higher participation rates and benefits. So you had not only inflation of benefit rates, but you had higher participation of benefits. And by participation, we mean the number of worksite employees, the percentage of worksite employees taking benefits. So that was adding and actually putting downward pressure on margins because it was putting upward pressure on revenue growth. We now have the opposite effect, which is lower participation on benefits plans. It's been a trend that's been in place for it feels like 6 to -- 6 or so quarters. We've been watching it quarterly. We think that it probably has something to do with ACA because you had people kind of first gearing up for ACA and then you had implementation of ACA and although, technically, many of the rules haven't changed around ACA, it has been -- some of it has been defanged, and you're getting, I think, the outcome that you would expect if you are taking away laws and rules that encourage or force people to have benefits coverage. And so we are seeing -- again, this is not a dramatic drop in benefits participation, but it's enough to pressure the revenue component of overall PEO revenues, which is the largest component of total revenue.

Yes. Let me -- I'll have Jan touch on that in a second. But I should have finished my PEO thought because you're -- I don't think I completed the answer to your question. I think that the reason we remain bullish after everything I just said about benefits, I'm trying to give you a color and explain kind of what's happening in the revenue growth numbers and in the noise. But in the PEO, the most important thing for us in the PEO is profit per employee, and that is something that we continue to see reasonable growth in. And so the noise around margins and around pass-through revenue growth is just not really the right way to look at value creation because as we now answer your question about EPS, the most important thing for us is contribution to EPS. So the only place we were unhappy about the PEO is that we had a slight deceleration in worksite employee growth, which, obviously, leaves a slight decrease in overall growth of profit, assuming all other things being equal. So that -- that's a fair issue that's related really to our net new business, to bookings and retention, which we feel better about now going into the new year. But all the other stuff is just noise. And I think the real important thing is to remember that every time we move a client to the PEO or a worksite employee onto the PEO from a pay, it adds profit to the company. And so we have an incentive -- we're highly incented to do that as much as possible.

Yes. I would say, if anything, we feel like the finish we had for '18 gives us a lot of confidence about the momentum we have to be able to deliver on the commitments that we outlined at Investor Day. So I think the answer would be absolutely not that I think we feel actually better. And I realize that the guidance and the discussions we had were about '19 through '21. But when you finish '18 ahead of where you thought you were going to finish, we would like to get a little bit of credit for that because what we're trying to get to is higher overall margins, higher overall profit, higher overall EPS. And I think whether it happens in '18 or '19 or in '20 or '21, those are all good things for us.

So one of the things that is helping, which is obviously the positive, is we clearly see what appears to be -- because of the recurring revenue nature of our business, when you have the challenges like we had with retention and new business bookings, it causes a lot of pressure on the core growth of -- on an organic basis, whether it's Employer Services or the PEO. We now -- I would say that the middle of fiscal year '18, it appears to be the trough. Certainly, as of today, it's the trough. You just -- you don't know a year from now, when you look back, if that will be accurate. But today, it looks like the trough. And so we see clear acceleration of our -- the net of our new business -- what we call our net new business, which is the difference between our starts that result from sales and our losses. And so part of the acceleration in Employer Services is about -- around 0.5 point, if you will, of acceleration, which is -- in our world is good. I mean, when you -- when I look back to '12, '13, '14, '15, kind of shortly after I became CEO, we had really great momentum around bookings like we have now. We had good retention, which we have now. And we added between 0.5 point to 1 point of core growth, if you will, to the business. So that's my hope now for the next 2 or 3 years. And I think '19 is the first year where we have that baked into the plan because we have the good bookings and we have, I think, a small improvement in retention also planned as well. I think Jan actually, when he talked about retention, he mentioned something about 2018 and '19. So 2018 retention was 90.4%. And we're expecting a 20 to 25 basis point improvement over that in '19. So I'm sorry. That was -- that's one of the factors. We also did include -- we are including our interest income, our client fund interest income now as part of the Employer Services segment. And as you know, that's improving and growing. And so that's helping probably 0.5 point as well -- 0.5 to 0.75 points, so I think that's how you get to the numbers you're asking about.

So it's a good question. We looked at that yesterday and it's a hard path for sure. But the question is do we really -- is that really -- even though we provided the guidance and we don't like backing off of guidance, as I just talked about previously, that top line revenue growth from the PEO is not really the most important number to look at from a value-creation standpoint, which is why we're providing other disclosures around the PEO now to help with that. But clearly, it could happen because as we now were surprised by the deceleration in benefits revenue and the deceleration in workers' comp and SUI, you could have, in '20 or '21, health care inflation, which is not out of the realm of possibility that then gets us to that guidance. But frankly, if we got back into that range, it probably wouldn't change the EPS. The -- it would change the margins, but it wouldn't change EPS and it wouldn't change dollars of profit for the company because what that's driven by is the growth of worksite employees and by retention and new business bookings.

We have strong confidence. I would say that our confidence is strong in continuing the momentum into the first quarter. I think it's probably -- given the way new business bookings work, I think for us to sit here and say -- we're obviously providing what we think are very confident numbers about the full year. But trying to look forward to the fourth quarter, hopefully, you're not asking about that. So you're just asking coming off of the first quarter -- off of the fourth quarter, how do you feel going into the new year, I would reiterate strong. We feel very strong confidence in our momentum right now. In terms of -- I think Jan said in his comments, I think the strength we see is really across the board. So we -- I think all of the business units, frankly, are performing well from a new business bookings standpoint. It took some time. Our Salesforce, it's -- it -- I know it seems like a long time ago, but 3 or 4 years ago, everyone was talking about compliance for ACA and increased government regulation and new laws around overtime and so forth. And so there was a fairly large shift in climate that required a retooling of the Salesforce that had been focused more on selling additional business and selling additional modules to one that was focused on selling logos. And to the credit of the Salesforce, which is really the greatest Salesforce in the world, it made a massive turnaround. And now we have -- I think it's close to 60% of our new business bookings coming from new business and new logos versus probably 40% at the low point when we had the Affordable Care Act giving us that tailwind. So it was a pretty massive retooling, and it took some time. We had to change incentives. We had to change focus. And as usual, they came through, and you can see the results now.

Well, I mean, that -- I don't think that's fair. I think we would have taken that into account. I mean, it's -- it would be nice to think that we had -- we really try to be pretty transparent in terms of providing guidance. And we take all factors into consideration, including momentum, including recent results. So there's some fairness to that in the sense that the PEO plan was built really during the fourth quarter, while we were experiencing some of this improvement. On the other hand, if you look at the trajectory, which is now different, the trajectory was down if you looked at the second and third quarter, like, we were not -- we would have had a hard time building a great plan. So I think the good results in the fourth quarter just were added confidence, if you will, to a turnaround that we were planning for anyway and that we were trying to position ourselves for. So I think, all things being equal, I think it's -- as with all of our other guidance, I think it's -- I think we're giving you what we really believe is achievable, including in the PEO. And I'm sorry, the first part of your question was...

Yes. I don't want to be mysterious or complicated. So we have other -- our sales forces have incentives that we can vary at times. Like, for example, our mid-market Salesforce has an incentive to provide leads to the PEO and they get a certain percentage, sales credit, which then drives commissions. And by the way, the sales credit is probably more important, in some cases, than the commission but -- just because of the culture of our Salesforce. But either way, we have these incentives in place. And if there are other products that someone is trying -- that we're trying to sell and we provide, we may not necessarily change the incentive to the PEO, to drive leads to the PEO, but if we change an incentive to provide leads somewhere else, it may lead the Salesforce somewhere else, which is what happened. And I don't want to get into too many specifics, but we have other, for example, BPO solutions that are also mid-market-oriented, which is also -- have also grown in a very -- at very healthy rates. And I think we saw kind of a temporary shift, if you will. And we have a much higher value. Both businesses are great businesses. Both are growing very rapidly. Both have good profitability. But the PEO has a higher dollar profit per worksite employee. And so we went back and readjusted that incentive. So it wasn't -- it's not anything complicated or mysterious. It's just that the leads were going -- started going to a different place than where they maybe had the highest value to ADP.

Listen, it's a great question for the obvious reasons in terms of where the numbers are. But I think today we reported, I think, 200,000 -- what was the number?

217,000 additional added to the payroll. So honestly, I think Jan and I have been cautioning and telling ourselves that as unemployment goes down and the market labor's tight -- and labor market tightens that we should see some kind of a slowdown there. But we haven't seen it. And it could be as a result of -- if you look at labor force participation, and yes, that's -- it's driven somewhat by demographics and -- but there are still -- there are some arguments to be made that there could be 3 million to 3.5 million people that are still on the sidelines, right. If you think you could get back to labor participation rates around, I think, 65%, I think we're at 64% going back to 65%. So again, I'm not the macroeconomist and we kind of try to plan based on the environment we have, the interest rates we have. And we try to be cautious about momentum, but right now, frankly, the momentum is really good. So it wouldn't have been prudent for us for '19 to plan some large drop in employment or some -- because it just doesn't feel like that's in the cards because despite the tightness of the labor -- the apparent tightness of the labor market, you also have an economy that is incredibly strong and has picked up momentum from a GDP standpoint, that generally creates demand for labor, that'll also create demand for improvements in productivity, which will help the economy. And so it feels to me like a pretty good environment right now, but something that we should definitely watch out for. So you're not -- not trying to dismiss your point, but not much I can do about it now because it's just too much good news.

Yes. And by the way, we're just getting now back to -- I think it was in the Journal today. They talked -- we've been seeing the same thing with wage inflation starting to pick up. But it's just now getting back to where it was on average over, call it -- I think it was 2001 to 2007 is what the Journal said, and I think it's 2.7%, 2.8%. We show the same kind of trends in our wage inflation. So even though you're seeing wage inflation, that's a response to, for sure, tightness in the labor markets. It doesn't change the fact that it's still not running at 4%. So it's not -- so there's something happening -- there must be slack in the labor market. There has to be something there.

I'm going to let Jan maybe go through the specifics. But I think what we intended to talk about at Investor Day was a formula going forward not just for '19, but I think it's the way we think about the business, which is to have kind of, generally speaking, balanced growth around headcount, productivity of our headcount and sales and then from new products. So if you look at our guidance, I think generally, a good way to look at it would be about 1/3 of that growth coming from headcount, about 1/3 coming from new products and 1/3 of it coming from productivity. And I don't know if Jan, if you want to add.

Yes. I think to the previous question, Global Cash Card would be in that category.

Yes, we're very -- as you know, we're very bullish on our next-gen platforms and what they're going to do to the long-term health of the business. But from a technically speaking standpoint, it's just we're such a big company, I think our bookings for next year are $1.8 billion or somewhere in that neighborhood.

I'm sorry. Right, the Employer Services bookings number. But then the bottom line is the numbers are big enough now that as we roll out new products, you have to have a lot of them. So our Salesforce, when we talked about -- when we tell them the same thing about next gen should be really helping you, they focus on this gen. Like they want to know what's available to sell now. And so the good news is we have things like our analytics products. We have the acquisitions we just talked about. So we do have a number of things that we've been working on over the prior several years that have now provided ammunition for them to be able to go out and have some portion of that sales guidance come from "new products," notwithstanding the fact that our next-generation platforms are just not quite at the point where they're going to make a meaningful impact on sales in '19.

Yes. That average deal size had actually grown -- had gone up in the last several years. And I think some of it was, again, I hate to keep going back, I think we drove some of that through our incentives because I think it's a product that fits both the downmarket and the mid-market very well.

Very meaningful strategically, if I may add because, again, as Jan was alluding to, like, we were in this conundrum always where we talk about our size, we're $13.3 billion in revenue or whatever the number is for '18 here that we finished. So when we make an acquisition that is meaningful and strategic, and we're very excited about it, unfortunately, financially, it might not be -- have a big impact. But we certainly expect it to have a big impact in our ability to continue selling and be successful in the multinational space, which is a -- again, a mid-teens growing business for us. And this just extends that leadership and I think that success that we're having in that space.

So I think we've been doing a lot of work. I think Jan can probably add a couple of examples. But we've been doing a lot of work over the last year or 2 around what we call process improvement and trying to, really, as an example, reduce non-value contact. So we want to make sure that the products themselves are intuitive, easy to use and that we build in solutions, so that people don't have to seek out help. Clearly, we're a solutions provider not just a software provider. So if someone wants help, we're there to help them. We want it to be value-added. The non-value added interactions are dissatisfiers for the client and also increase costs for us. And so I think we've made progress in the last couple of years in reducing what we refer to as our non-value contacts. So that's a source of margin improvement because it reduces the number of people we need to service x number of clients. And so it's really a productivity enhancement effort. So I'd say, most of the margin improvement that we expect to get -- and I would say that the voluntary retirement is wrapped up into that because it has to be factored into the overall amount of labor you have is to increase productivity, so increase really revenue per associate or per employee, while revenues continue to grow. So as an example, I think in '18, we finished with our growth in full-time employees being relatively flat, like, with -- compared to what we consider to be pretty good revenue growth. And I think for '19, we would see kind of a similar picture, maybe slight increase. But we've kind of brought down the nose of the ship, if you will, in terms of the growth of the number of people we need in order to service x number of clients. So we're trying to grow the business, obviously, faster, but we're trying to grow the expense and the number of people to service those clients at a slower rate than even we were growing before. And I think that's what leads to margin improvement. So that's a simplified way of describing dozens of things that we have underway to make ourselves better and more efficient.

The bottom line is I think fewer platforms, a simplified environment and then next-generation solutions that are much more efficient to operate, efficient -- more efficient to develop on and more efficient to maintain, I think is really part of the formula.

So it's a great question. I mean, the -- I'm very pleased with what we've been able to do on the acquisition front over the last 12 to 18 months. And I think we could find -- continue to find things like we have found in the last 18 months. We would do those all day long. The challenge, of course, for us, as you know, is we are in the process of simplifying, reducing platforms, focusing on our next-generation platforms. And so that makes it hard to do what I would call traditional -- make traditional acquisitions. So we're not looking, for example, for the next benefits platform. We're not looking for the next payroll platform. We -- we're building our own next-generation payroll platform. We have a great one already that is serving us well and is very profitable. And so it is challenging because when you look at the HCM space, we are -- we operate in really across almost every segment from hire to retire. And we feel great about the products and the platforms we have. But as you saw over the last 18 months, there's always some stuff you can do that's new and can add to the portfolio. So I think as long as it's additive and fits into our strategic road map, we are buyers. And we are -- we're on the lookout for those types of ways to use our capital, right, to add shareholder value. So it's kind of hard to give you a completely bullish answer because we're trying to be very, very disciplined. But we've been very, very fortunate in the last 18 months. And I hope that our luck continues and that we find things that can really be difference makers for our clients and to our growth rates, but that also fit into our strategic road map and don't just add additional complexity.

Thanks. Just quickly. Obviously, this year, we spent a lot of time listening to our shareholders and to all of you as well. And I think our interactions this year I think just -- I think reinforced our conviction in the strategy that we're pursuing. We got very positive feedback from Investor Day about our plans and our strategy to create sustainable long-term value. So we're going to continue, obviously, on the path that we're on. 
The results this year, I think really set us up well for fiscal '19. We feel like we've seen some acceleration. As I mentioned, I would call it a trough, if you will, in the middle of this last fiscal year. So I think heading into next year, we have really good momentum. So whether it's the next-generation platforms that we just talked about or the mid-market migrations or the acquisitions that we just talked about or progress on the Service Alignment Initiative or the voluntary early retirement program, it's -- I think it's pretty clear that we are committed to accelerating the pace of change at ADP and that we're actually well underway. 
I'm particularly pleased, I have to say, this year, with the ability of the organization overall to overcome the pressures that we had from bookings and retention, call it, a couple of years ago that -- right in the middle of the perfect storm of the Affordable Care Act and some other things that distracted us, but we're past that. You can see that we had solid performance in 2018 and I'm really -- that makes me very, very optimistic about the future for ADP. 
So -- and I think, lastly, I have to, as always, say that when we reflect on all these accomplishments, which are many in 2018, I just want to thank all of our associates for their dedication to providing the best-in-class solutions to our clients because our business is all about our clients and our clients are all about the associates that serve them. 
So with that, I want to thank you for listening in today, and thank you for your continued interest in ADP.