Thank you, Clare, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining today's call. I will start with a look at our third quarter performance, including some perspective on the macro environmental factors impacting our near-term trajectory. Jay will provide a deeper dive on our financials and outlook, after which we will open up the lines for your questions.  
Q3 2022 represents the third full quarter since the close of our Hillrom acquisition. Total company sales of $3.8 billion grew 17% on a reported basis and 23% at a constant currency rates. Legacy Hillrom contributed $735 million to sales in the third quarter. Excluding the impact of Hillrom and foreign exchange, third quarter sales rose slightly on an operational basis.   
On the bottom line, third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.82 were at the higher end of the guidance range we had provided previously. Both top line and bottom line performance in the quarter reflect the continued impact of macroeconomic headwinds, including significant inflationary pressures as well as ongoing global supply chain constraints, consistent with what many others are encountering globally.  
With further regard to the macroeconomic environment, I want to note the impairment charge in our third quarter financials related to the Hillrom acquisition. Jay will provide additional details. But in short, this charge relates to many of the shifting market dynamics, including rising interest rates and lower valuation multiples that they have reduced equity values broadly along with the increased supply chain-related costs that we've previously discussed.  
With that said, and with 10 months of progress in perspective, I want to underline our continuing confidence in the potential of the Hillrom acquisition. This is already playing out as an opportunity to expand the reach of both legacy portfolios geographically and across the continuum of care. It is also accelerating our connected care journey, expanding our digital footprint and helping to unlock the next wave of innovation across our R&D pipeline.  
Integration of our legacy organization is advancing swiftly, and as previously shared, we are achieving even greater value capture through cost synergies than initially anticipated. Additionally, overall demand across the Baxter and legacy Hillrom portfolios remains solid, but we continue to experience meaningful back orders and backlogs due to reduced access to a variety of raw materials and electromechanical components. As I have shared previously, this has resulted not only in higher cost spot purchases but also expedited freight costs as we work steadfastly to get our life-sustaining products to the patients and clinicians who depend on us.  
While we see signals that some of these macro factors may begin to ease next year, our current expectation is that select supply constraints will persist into 2023, particularly as it relates to semiconductors, where we continue to see high levels of volatility in supply.  
During the quarter, we experienced several decommits from various suppliers, meaningfully impacting our overall demand planning process. We have also seen supply constraints from other raw materials, which has further impacted performance. In total, we estimate that the semiconductor and raw material constraints we've experienced negatively impacted Baxter top line performance in the quarter by more than $100 million or approximately 400 basis points. And on a year-to-date basis, we estimate this figure to be approaching $300 million. We continue to take decisive action to help mitigate these constraints and position the company for improved future performance.  
Some of the actions we have already undertaken include extending the horizon of our demand forecast out to 24 months for supply-constrained categories to allow our suppliers to allocate capacity and inventory to Baxter over a long horizon; validating alternate supply options to provide flexibility in sourcing; establishing direct buy relationships with critical secondary component suppliers; enhancing our manufacturing processes to further optimize material usage and reduce waste; and meeting with the management teams of our key suppliers and select government officials to reinforce the criticality of Baxter's products.  
We are confident that these actions will further enhance our ability to help mitigate supply chain impacts on Baxter's near and midterm performance. At the same time, we remain focused on improving the operational efficiency across the organization. We've already implemented several initiatives that I expect to drive improved future performance, including ensuring that we have the optimal organization structure and business processes in place. In addition, we are pursuing some near-term actions to help offset the increased expenses we're experiencing.  
These actions, including recent restructuring initiatives, broad hiring freeze, reduced discretionary spending and accelerating our Hillrom integration efforts. Additionally, we do expect to realize savings this year through lower annual employee incentive bonuses, which are directly tied to business performance.  
Also, as mentioned last quarter, we have already passed on a portion of the incremental costs we've absorbed to our customers and are collaborating with them to finalize agreements, which include revised pricing terms to address continued cost pressures. We deeply value these relationships and appreciate the challenges that our customers themselves are facing. Upon successful execution and implementation of these agreements, we anticipate the related reviews will be reflected in our results next year. We believe that these actions will help underscore our unwavering commitment to our patients and customers. Collectively, these initiatives are fueled by the sustained emphasis on operational efficiency and cost base optimization that has powered our transformation to date. And as I will continue to stress, we will never pursue any actions that compromise our fundamental mission to save and sustain lives.
We are also actively advancing our strategic review of the portfolio to ensure the optimal structure to execute on our vision of transforming health care, to improve patient outcomes, enhance workflow efficiency and enable cost-effective care. We anticipate that we will be in a position to provide more details on these ongoing activities early next year. I want to reiterate that our strategic core and prospects remain firm, as is our commitment to driving long-term value for our shareholders and the many other stakeholders we serve.  
Baxter's strength is founded on our diverse, durable portfolio of essential health care products, which will continue to be enhanced by our focus on driving innovation in connected care and core therapies.  
Baxter's industry leadership and increased scale, combined with our rapidly advancing digital capabilities, create a spectrum of prospects to help advance our impact in line with our life-saving mission and, in turn, to share our success with our shareholders and other stakeholder communities.  
Finally, I want to recognize and thank our employees for their remarkable effort always and especially as we navigate the current macro environment. Our global team consistently embraces our life-saving mission above all, rising to meet each new challenge with dedication, passion and a keen focus on serving the many stakeholders who depend on us. 
Now Jay will provide more details on our third quarter performance and outlook for the remainder of the year.

No. You covered it all.

I will. So we always preface any conversation on products which are not approved that we do not speak on behalf of the FDA. We believe that we have successfully resolved the issue that was the primary subject of the FDA's last additional information request. We referenced this issue on the Q2 call. We will submit data that we believe demonstrates successful resolution of the insurance part of our response. 
Since that time, we have identified additional software changes we're planning to implement proactively in consultation with the FDA. We're in the process of updating our response. And because of that, we're doing everything we can to submit our response as quickly as possible while we hope that to be in a position to submit those responses by late Q4, it may spill over into a couple of weeks of January, maybe half January. 
So we're doing the best we can to pull this together. We are very comprehensive in how we answer the FDA. We work very collaboratively with them, and we want to make sure that the product has all the information before we send to them. So there's no further request for information. That's our objective.

Robbie, good morning. We are actively looking -- first of all, I'm not going to comment on the rumors from the market, but I'm going to tell you what we are doing. We are actively looking at portfolio of the company. We will be ready to speak about that by early January, not at the moment. But I can tell you some bits of information what is going on. We are looking at every opportunity in the company to focus on the vision that we have set forth during our Investor Day back in May, which is connected care, the areas that will drive higher gross margin, areas of higher top line growth, software and the ability to be ahead of connecting the dots for clinicians and institutions. 
So when we look at that, we look at our portfolio. Some products will make sense for us to retain. Some products will not. So we are looking to optimize our portfolio. We are about 3/4 of, of the way there in terms of understanding. And we will make a decision with our Board of Directors and then come forward with what we think is going to be the new portfolio of Baxter going forward, as I said early January. 
So I want to just also underscore that any portfolio movement which implies sale of assets or any kind of transaction, always, always takes into account, #1, creation of shareholder value. It's never secondary. Never secondary. It's always primary and that is creation of improved return on invested capital with accretion of value through discount cash flows. So we're going through this process. It's been very, very intense. And we hope to have the new set of businesses going forward and what we're going to deal within and how we're going to suffice our mission and vision by, as I said, early January.

Robbie, I'll let Jay really comment on the numbers. So I will tell you about a couple of aspects. What we are seeing, supply chain is performing well against a very set -- difficult sets of circumstances as we said, labor inflation and material inflation have been significant to Baxter, and they're doing a great job navigating through that. Our procurement group is doing a heroic job getting the products to us. 
What is happening is there is a significant amount of backlog and back order for the company on products depending on semiconductors. And it's not 1 company or 2. It's several. It's a plethora of companies that produce products for us, and we source semiconductors from them. 
What, a couple of things that we are doing that I feel more confident that throughout 2023, the situation will be more -- will be better, is that we are developing long-term relationships directly with the manufacturers of the chips instead of going to distributors or going directly to board assemblers. The second thing is, the amount of decommit the companies are coming forward during the quarter makes sometimes very difficult for us to predict what we can assemble and ship at the end of the quarter. It's getting better into 2023 as our supply chain now has a full view of commitments into 2023 what we need to make our growth. 
Business that had been very affected by this are Front Line Care, which is our business under our acquisition of Hillrom; our PSS, Patient Support Systems, the ability to make more pumps. We have very good demand for our current pump, our SIGMA SPECTRUM pump. We can make more because we're missing 2 or 3 key components that are in shortage in the marketplace due to high demand from other sources in the automotive and other areas. 
So what I can tell you is we are doing everything we can and the supply -- the supply constraint is really what has impacted Baxter's performance on the top line. Now VIPs, our value improvement programs, have been a significant driver of cost reduction for us in our operations. 
I'll pass on to Jay to give you more clarity on numbers that you asked.

Rick, I'm going to have Jay answer that. I'll close answering the question, but Jay should start.

Yes. Rick, we have done, as a company, a very thorough integration job here. Our synergies are coming higher, much higher than we had estimated in the first year of the integration. Our supply chain people had to come in into Hillrom and do a lot of work to reestablish lines of supply into the business. When the semiconductor prices hit, Baxter was better prepared to handle that than Hillrom was. And what we did is we put our best to handle issues primarily Front Line Care. The supply chain really came through for us and today is doing a much better job. As a matter of fact, we have better performance than we planned in Front Line Care in the third quarter because we were able to get that product -- the products out of the door. 
We also have extremely confident management in our both business. We have Reaz Rasul. Rasul, the head of Front Line Care. We have Andy Frye, the Head of GSS and PSS. So we are very confident in the business we purchased. The business has the ability to perform. We will fix the supply chain issues. That's what we're currently doing, and we'll be able to get back to Hillrom that we made assumptions to buy. 
As you heard from Jay, our growth would have been ex supply chain, what we had expected to be. So I think Baxter brought to Hillrom a combination of great portfolio. Hillrom brings with great management and discipline that Baxter has to replace the team that was there and we'll say we probably to do in the long term a better job of this combination.

Rick, you have great questions. So we're going to split, Jay and me here. But let me start by saying that we do not comment in pricing on general course of business. But as Baxter has taken so much into input costs that went up significantly in the last 2 years, we are very focused in recouping a portion of that, if at all possible. So we already had, as I mentioned, price actions throughout the year. But I would say that beyond what I have said, I'm not going to comment on any specifics about pricing discussions or agreements with our customers. But I can say to you, in my opening remarks, as I said, we strongly prefer to build on our long-term relationships with our customers to reach agreements on how best to share an increased cost of delivering products to them, which cost us a significant amount of more money because the cost of oil, the cost of logistics, cost of raw materials, cost of delivery and everything that goes in. 
We have made significant process -- I'm sorry, I'd rather say, we have made significant progress towards that end. But to the extent that we do not reach agreement with any customer, we will, of course, continue to evaluate the options in front of us to recover the increased cost of our delivering on our mission to serve patients. This is very important to us because Baxter -- if you ask any of our 65,000 employees, it's all about the mission of the company. It's an incredible company. I came here 7 years ago almost to the date. And I continue to be impressed by the dedication of our employees. 
But we took a significant amount of cost increase in the last 2 years. In our input cost and supply chain has done a great job trying to defray that and offset. But as you can see by our margins, it's not possible. We would like that to be a partnership with our suppliers to continue to understand that for us to deliver what we're delivering to them and the innovation in the products, we need that partnership to continue on. So -- and I will end there and pass on to Jay.

We have seen sporadic cancellations of orders in institutions that are small and have labor issues in implementing CapEx projects that sometimes are large. But for the most part, we haven't seen that wave of retraction of capital programs. As a matter of fact, if we could make 3x, 4x more infusion pumps, we would have sold, I believe, those pumps. If we had made twice as many of the -- our monitors, we would have sold the monitors. So it becomes a little different when it comes to beds. Beds are a larger implementation and software, software like NursePool, a button software like Bolt becomes more elaborate. Those are the ones that sometimes receive postponement, not because of the price, but more because of the labor -- not because of the cost, I mean, I should say but more because of the labor. So at the moment in time, I don't believe we're seeing a retraction in the capital market. We're seeing a high cost of labor for hospitals and a shortage of labor that makes difficult for them to undertake large programs sometimes.

More so, what we're doing is because we're seeing this decision with this the semiconductor manufacturers, not all chips are created the same. So you hear Intel sales are down quite a bit. In PC, this is good news. For our chips, it's not. We don't use the same chips at all. We actually use very little -- very few chips from Intel for instance. We use -- our chips are  IoT, Internet of Things. They're thicker. They're much thicker and they are chips that are using better software. 
So that demand, by the way, some of these chips are about 12% of the semiconductor output -- industry output. So because of that, we work very close now, directly with companies, we're very -- being very successful with the few companies that are working very well with us. But what we also do, instead of redesign program for our boards, we have identified critical components, we have started a process in our Renal business to redesign 30 of our boards with one of our suppliers. And we have in Front Line Care, a program started right now to replace 6 key semiconductors that may be constrained in the next 18 months with redesign of boards. 
So redesign of boards is not as simple as everybody thinks. It's not a plug and play because the form and fit and function of the semiconductors change. We have to redesign the board. We have sometimes to revalidate and clinically revalidate the board. So saying just that we're redesigning boards, the panacea is not. It's all-hands-on-deck. It's finding new ways to deal with our current suppliers. It's buying directly from them, buying through brokers throughout the world, inventory that is available as well as redesigning the boards so we can have alternates that can be put in, in the future. 
So it is -- we became a much more sharp company when it comes to semiconductors and boards. And this process is -- despite the fact, it's very painful. We had to acquire significant expertise in this area. It's going to pay dividends in the future.

No. I'm saying that, in 2021, this time of the year, last year in 2021, we were not -- we did not own Hillrom, but their orders were extremely high. Primarily, the rentals were extremely high because of COVID, okay? What I'm saying to you is we have not seen our book of business be affected by capital constraints. Now and going forward, what we see is delays in some accounts due to labor shortages and primarily large installations, but we have continued dialogue with everyone about our orders. As a matter of fact, I'm planning to see in the first quarter next year, a large installation that we're going to probably be doing in hospitals in the U.S. So I don't see -- we don't see today a significant change in the order pattern in capital. That's what I meant. I'm not comparing to 2021, which had significant high rental revenue into Hillrom because the COVID effect primarily, as you know, coming out of the summer and going into Omicron in October, November of last year.

Josh, good morning. So we are seeing several programs where we are working across divisions in the connected care. We established a new group that is actually under Andy Frye, one of our executives who is also the Head of GSS and PSS, Patient Support System. And we are seeing several programs from basic creating unified portals to access EMR systems in hospitals to features that can be enabled by commonality and connecting the devices. So there's a lot going on. 
I think we should give an update to investors, probably in the first quarter of 2023, about where we are with these connected care programs. And so we have a brand-new group that is now across Baxter, that is looking at this and creating opportunities. So we're making good progress in this area. I'll pass on to Jay for answering the other question.