Thank you, Clare. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining the call. As usual, I will begin with an overview of Baxter's third quarter performance. Jay would take a closer look at the financials and outlook for the rest of the year. Then we will close with your questions.  
Clearly, the most notable highlight from the quarter is last month's announcement of our agreement to acquire Hillrom, subject to the approval of Hillrom shareholders and other customary closing conditions. I recently made site visits to select Hillrom locations as part of our integration planning process and I was joined by other members of our senior leadership team, meeting face-to-face with Hillrom's dedicated employees and touring the facilities only underscored our confidence and enthusiasm for the proposed acquisition of Hillrom.  
Upon closing of the transaction, we plan to bring a broader array of products and services to patients and clinicians across the care continuum and around the world. We are focused on identifying opportunities to further accelerate innovation to address the rapidly evolving needs of our customers. The teams are working diligently on plans to bring together these 2 complementary portfolios to deliver enhanced value for our stakeholders. We look forward to updating you on these acceleration opportunities following the close of the deal.  
Earlier this month, the Hart-Scott-Rodino or HSR waiting period in the U.S. expired with no issuance of a second request by the FTC. While the FTC reserves its right to take further action, this is a key milestone to clear the way for a successful closing. We are in the process of securing all remaining global regulatory approvals required for closing. And the Hillrom shareholder meeting to vote on the transaction is currently scheduled for December 2.  
In addition, our integration planning management office is up and running with teams from both organizations preparing for a swift, effective combination once the deal closes. We will expect to close by early 2022.  
Moving on to the third quarter financial performance. I'm pleased to report solid ongoing momentum as we make our way towards the close of the fiscal year. Baxter delivered third quarter sales growth of 9% on a reported basis, 7% at a constant currency and 6% operationally. Like last quarter, growth was impacted by the continuing, if somewhat erratic, pace of COVID-19 pandemic recovery, while the pandemic still represented a headwind to top line sales in the quarter, the magnitude of this headwind has continued to decline, reflecting the improved rate of hospital admissions in the U.S. as well as ongoing pandemic recovery in international markets.  
This resulted in a favorable comparison to the same period last year. On the bottom line, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.02, up 23% and exceeded our third quarter guidance. Positive mix and disciplined expense management drove the favorability. As you saw in our earnings release, all of our geographic segments and product categories contributed to the positive performance in the quarter.  
The pace of pandemic recovery continues to vary by both therapeutic and geographic market. Our broad global footprint and diverse portfolio of essential products combined to help mitigate the variability and shore up the strength of our overall enterprise. We also benefit from our resilience and agility, which have been greatly enhanced through our ongoing transformation.  
Looking at performance by business, growth was led by BioPharma Solutions which advanced 45% at constant currency rates. Performance was driven by revenues related to our manufacturing of multiple COVID-19 vaccines. Medication Delivery grew at 11% constant currency, reflecting the improved rate of U.S. hospital admissions in new infusion pump contract with a large health system in the U.S. and increased demand for Baxter's small volume parenterals.  
With respect to our NOVUM IQ 510(k) submission, we are continuing to work with the FDA to address their questions on our submission. While we hope to receive clearance by the end of this year, it is possible it may shift into early 2022. In Pharmaceuticals, 7% constant currency growth reflects the benefit of our acquisition of specified rights outside the U.S. to Caelyx and Doxil. Adjusting results for the acquisition, operational growth rose 1%.  
Year-over-year growth in the quarter reflects lower U.S. sales in part due to a large pandemic-related government order received in Q3 2020 and softness in inhaled anesthesia. This challenging comparison was offset by strong growth internationally, driven by our pharmacy compounding business. Our third quarter launch of premix norepinephrine was met with strong demand, part of an increasing trend as hospital pharmacies embrace premix formulated drugs and other products that improve efficiency, particularly in the wake of the pandemic.  
This is a key strength of our pharma portfolio, and we plan to continue launching more molecules with differentiated presentations or complex formulations in the months to come. During the quarter, advanced surgery performance in the U.S. was affected by lower surgical volumes, which remain depressed versus pre-pandemic rates. Procedure volumes were unfavorable to our prior expectations as hospitals delayed elective procedures in light of the delta variant. This was more than offset by growth in the international markets, which could slowly recover from the effects of the pandemic.  
Growth in Clinical Nutrition reflected the benefit of our new product launches particularly in international markets. Acute Therapies continues to perform very well. A year-over-year decline in U.S. sales reflects a difficult comparison in the face of last year's surge in demand for continuous renal replacement or CRRT products. Again, this was offset by international growth as an outcome of the pandemic, we now have many more CRRT devices in the food as well as heightened engagement immunization on the part of clinicians creating a platform for sustained momentum.  
Growth in Renal Care was driven by our home-based peritoneal dialysis or PD products globally. As I have mentioned on past calls, demand does continue to be dampened amid the pandemic due to higher mortality rates for patients with kidney disease and a slowdown in new patient diagnosis. We expect the ESRD market to gradually recover to pre-COVID growth rates over the next 1 to 2 years. 
Our Renal Care team's global safer at home campaign is dedicated to helping clinicians, patients and other stakeholders learn more about the benefits of home-based PD care, especially in the context of today's pandemic conditions.  
From an ESG perspective, I'm pleased to highlight a new partnership between UNICEF USA and the Baxter International Foundation to improve access to safe water in La Guajira, Colombia, one of the country's most water-challenged regions. A $1.5 million foundation grant is helping fund the multifaceted 3-year program. This quarter, we also honored to be included on Forbes latest list of the World's Best Employers and America's Best Employers for women. In addition, we are recognized as a leading organization on Seramount's 2021 inclusion index.  
Looking forward, we continue to navigate with some uncertainty on the horizon. The overall trajectory of pandemic recovery appears more clear but the new geographic contours remain inconsistent. New variants may take an unknown toll on our business and our employees, and we will continue to contend with the effect of macroeconomic issues. Related to this last point, we are not immune to inflationary pressures and the rising cost of raw materials, commodities, components, fuel and ongoing supply chain disruptions.  
While we are actively working to address these rapidly rising costs, we recognize these factors may continue to impact our operations into 2022. Amid these challenges, we are on pace very strong close to the year. This translates into momentum as we get set to execute on the vast potential of our proposed Hillrom acquisition and launch the next phase of our transformation journey, fueled by the commitment of our outstanding global team.  
Now I will pass it to Jay for a closer look at our financial results and outlook.

Thank you, Robbie.

Larry, I just want to make sure that we clarify that at this moment, which is between setting and closing, we're in planning phase and meeting with our future colleagues here at Hillrom on a planning purpose only. We are absolutely not involved in their day-to-day activities. So we want to make sure that they are running the company as the best of their ability, and we are not involved in that at all. 
But I can tell you, based on the meetings that we had, the visits that we had that we feel that The Street has missed what they have done in the last 2, 3 years in terms of connecting their products and going into some very specific markets, primarily in the frontline care and also the evolution of what used to be just a hospital bed or a capital purchase by the house group for being a part of the ecosystem that goes from patient safety to patient diagnostic and communication between the patient and the clinician. So there's a lot going on there. I was pleasantly surprised going to the sites what we were able to see.

We are seeing shift in share where some of those pumps were competitive pumps in our and we don't want to get into share percentage, I think we had those conversations a few years ago. We always get into what is the share our perception versus other people. So I will just want to say to you that sufficiently that a lot of those pumps were competitive accounts.

We are where we said we're going to be on the cost synergies. We are putting together an organization structure. We're making sure we understand more in-depth the products. And when we come out with our Investor Day later in 2022, we'll give you that perspective. It's a little too early for us to jump into that. We have an idea of what we think we can do. but it's not the right time, and we want to make sure that the transaction closes. And when it closes, we have full ability to go in and understand the R&D capabilities and what investments we need to do to bring that together with a new product offering, if that is the case.

I'll take this one. We believe any stuff -- we're not the forecasters of COVID-19 response by hospitals. But I believe that what you still have is the factor that many people in the United States are now vaccinated. And that has proven to be the Achilles' heel of the recovery in 2021 was the lack of vaccination that caused the issue. Second, hospitals have responded very differently upon the regions of the country, they've got hit the hardest. So it's tough to sit here and predict. I'm sure everybody learned a lesson. But until you get to a point that this moves from a pandemic infection to an endemic infection is going to be tough to predict. 
I believe what you -- what we are seeing, what needs to be considered, and I'm sure you've heard this from other companies is the labor shortage in hospitals, the issues with nursing availability, the travel nurses are very expensive. So inflation in hospital costs as well as the availability of nurses to be able to perform procedures in hospitals are doing just day procedures, no overnight. Some hospitals are cutting the day short because of lack of support. 
So this is not  across the board everywhere. It is very regional, sometimes very local, depends upon the hospital. So I want to make sure that we're not the COVID predictors. I'm sure the country has learned a very tough lesson hospitals and everybody is much better prepared today. But a lot of the issues that you saw during summer and beginning of the fall were related to unvaccinated people, and that is a different subject than the one I get into it right now.

I would say that when we look at competitive accounts and contracts coming up, more so it is age of the fleet in the United States, it looks positive to us with a good, very solid product right now, but a launch coming up. We are not predicting gains and things are not normal, but I'd say that we will be competing more effectively in the replacement market for competitive accounts because we will have a syringe pump, which is something we don't have today. So we'll have a more complete portfolio, a brand-new product. 
But nevertheless, we are competing very effectively today with our current product. So it is a positive outlook for this market for us.

Matt, we don't comment at all on our price strategy. We do have -- just to confirm, we have adjustments built into contracts, but our price strategy is not public.

I just -- I would add that AAKHI in the U.S. is a particularly point of interest because that effort will yield a good future for penetration in the U.S. and adoption of the peritoneal dialysis modality in the U.S. It is depressed because COVID, but as Jay mentioned, we had growth in that business on a global basis, much greater than HD. And HD is the modality in the U.S. that not in-home but HD in-clinics is the one that drove a lot of that reduction. 
So what I think the outlook for the business is positive. It is going to be a 12- to 24-month climb because the death that were experienced in COVID because these patients are extremely sick patients of chronic disease and they were effected by the virus, the death rate was higher amongst that population but we feel very positive on AAKHI going forward as we climb out of this we believe that that's something that is here to stay. It's just that COVID caused us to have a deep work on the trajectory.

Josh, on the Hillrom, when you acquire a company, you're acquiring the best assets of the company is the people and the culture of the company followed by the product in markets, right? So you're buying that because of that. So when we look at the synergies that we can achieve with the acquisition of Hillrom, none of those -- none of the sales and marketing and research and development are part of the synergies. But we want to make sure that we continue to thrive and grow and hopefully accelerate growth in the future. 
But it's not going to be a disruption to how they go to market and how they're doing their business that now. We have synergies, of course, we do. And those are duplication of functions, different ways of doing things. And we have several shared service centers across the globe. We are a larger company with our different resources. Of course, we do have the ability to take cost out and make that enhance synergies. But at the moment now sitting here today, we don't have any plans in the short term at all to make any change that would disrupt their go-to-market and serving their patients to focus its patients. That's probably do. 
On your other question about staff shortage, this is a comment not related to Baxter only. Baxter is a health care company with  injectable pharmaceuticals and medical devices and peritoneal dialysis from products, where nursing shortages affect the overall market. 
Hospitals are dealing with this very effectively in most cases and their ability to deal with it depends upon their size and depends upon their regional location. So I can't speak on behalf of our customers. But I can tell you that what we see is tremendous adapted on their side. It does have an overall impact for the business, but no one that we can pinpoint. It's just a headwind that the industry has seen. We're just repeating here to make sure you understand that we're not exempt of this headwind. But it's not a headwind that we can mitigate on behalf of hospitals, but we can actually, with a very diverse portfolio, as we've proven in the past, be a more resilient company.