Thank you, Clare. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I will begin with a review of Baxter's second quarter results, and also share a few words about our upcoming investor conference. Jay will then provide a deeper dive on our financial performance and outlook. And we will wrap up with Q&A.
Baxter delivered second quarter sales growth of 14% as reported, 9% on a constant currency basis and 8% operationally. Growth was driven primarily by the ongoing global recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in favorable performance comparisons for a number of our businesses versus the prior year, as the pandemic affect the patient treatment dynamics and demand mix in the prior year.
On the bottom line, second quarter adjusted earnings per share were $0.80, up 25% year-over-year and exceeding our original guidance. All 3 of our geographic segments contributed to the positive quarterly performance. The Americas and EMEA achieved high single-digit growth and APAC achieved low double-digit growth, all at constant currency rates. While we are clearly experiencing recovery from the pandemic across all 3 of our geographies, the situation on the ground varies considerably by market.
As always, we salute the health care workers, who continue to face enormous challenges every day on the front lines of care. I also want to express my personal gratitude to all the Baxter employees, who tirelessly support these clinicians and caregivers while helping to ensure we address the needs of patients across our vast life-sustaining portfolio.
Turning to our performance by business, 5 of our 7 product categories achieved growth on a constant currency basis. Performance was led by BioPharma Solutions and Advanced Surgery, which delivered 49% and 48% constant currency growth, respectively. Growth in BPS was filled by contracts to assist in the manufacture of COVID-19 vaccines. Advanced Surgery growth reflects a favorable comparison to the prior year spurred by improving surgical volumes as pandemic recovery advances globally.
As you saw in this morning's press release, we are building on our momentum in Advanced Surgery with the acquisition of PerClot Polysaccharide Hemostatic System. PerClot marks our entry into the global hemostatic powder segment, which will allow us to serve surgeons and their patients with an even broader range of options to control intraoperative bleeding across active and passive solutions.
Our Medication Delivery business grew 12% at constant currency rates, also benefiting from a favorable comparison, driven by improving rates of admissions at hospitals as compared to the prior year. Looking ahead, Medication Delivery is continuing to position for the U.S. launch of our NOVUM IQ infusion platform including those IQ safety software in our IQ enterprise digital connectivity suite.
Following up on our recent FDA resubmission, we are now in the process of responding to an additional information request from the agency. We continue to expect to launch NOVUM IQ in the U.S. before the end of the year.
Our Clinical Nutrition category advanced single digits at constant currency rates, reflecting ongoing strength in the U.S. Pharmaceuticals also grew at single digits constant currency. Adjusting for the recent Caelyx and Doxil acquisition, Pharmaceuticals was flat year-over-year. Although we expect competitive pressures to continue in this marketplace, we remain focused on launching molecules with differentiated presentations and/or complex formulations.
We have several projected launches of new generic injectables in the coming years that will help to fuel growth in this business and mitigate some of the competitive pressures we are experiencing. Performance in Renal Care was comparable to the prior year at constant rates with growth in the U.S. offset by a decline across international markets. On a global basis, the market continues to be dampened by the impact of the pandemic, which has contributed to a higher mortality rate for patients with kidney disease combined with a slowing of new patient diagnosis.
As we said last quarter, we expect the recovery of this market to continue, returning to its pre-COVID dynamics over the next 1 to 2 years. In this quarter, we saw a return to positive year-over-year PD patient growth globally including mid-single-digit PD patient growth in the U.S.
The pandemic has highlighted the vital importance of the home dialysis therapy option. And as a leader in recognized innovator in this space, it has never been more urgent to support education, awareness and access. Our global safer at home campaign, which has been underway for more than a year, is dedicated to helping clinicians, patients and other stakeholders learn more about the benefits of home care, particularly amid pandemic conditions.
Lastly, performance in Acute Therapies declined mid-single digits at constant currency rates year-over-year. This decline was expected given the extremely challenging comparison following last year's historic surge in demand for continuous renal replacement therapy in light of the pandemic. We remain excited by the prospects for the advanced treatment options in the CRRT market. In fact, Q2 marked the launch of PrisMax to the latest version of our next-gen platform for CRRT and organ support with embedded TrueVue digital health technology. 
From an ESG perspective, earlier this month, we announced our 2030 corporate responsibility commitment, which will help to drive Baxter's environmental, social and governance efforts over the next decade and beyond. This work is integral to how we advance our mission to save and sustain lives and serve all of our stakeholders from patients and clinicians to our communities and investors. Our 2030 commitment is built around 3 overarching objectives, empower our patients, protect our planet and champion our people and communities. Full details can be found in our 2020 corporate responsibility report now posted on baxter.com.
Briefly looking ahead, we continue operating in an environment of some uncertainty. We fully anticipate broader trend of pandemic recovery to sustain, but geographic disparities and emerging variants could slow and undermine the pace. Also just like our health care peers and countless other companies, Baxter is subject to the impact of inflation in the rising cost of freight, fuel and other raw materials and commodities. We will continue to look for opportunities to offset the impact from these incremental expenses.
As I wrap up, I want to highlight that our 2021 investor conference will be held on Monday, September 20 in Deerfield, Illinois. At the conference, we plan to focus on our key strategic objectives to enhance growth and drive innovation. In addition, as a critical part of our ongoing business transformation, Jim Borzi, Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Chain Officer, will outline the next phase of our manufacturing supply chain journey, which is expected to enhance our operational effectiveness and drive margin improvement.
Now I'll pass it to Jay, who will share a closer look at our results and our outlook for the balance of the year.

Yes. We can, Bob.

Thank you, Jay. Let me give you, how I think about M&A, to answer your question, Bob. First is size being a secondary conversation. First is strategically fit for the company. We look at the areas of growth for the future. We look what is going to make a difference in the healthcare in 5 to 10 years, where this Baxter is going. It's now where the puck is where the puck is going. Sometimes we get it attached to growth rates and things of where things are. We've got to look where things are going. And Baxter is doing a lot in connected health, and we need to make sure that we have the ability to deploy capital in that area as well as adjacencies.
Going into areas of no correlation to Baxter, to create a new leg of the stool, presenting much more challenging environment for the company in terms of M&A. Not impossible to do it, but it's something that is more difficult. Second is how do we see returns. The returns are always the same. We look at internal rate of returns to be above our cost of capital, about a few hundred basis points as well as we look at ROIC very similarly on a 5-year base post the deal.
We look also the ability for the company to generate cash flow and our ability to bring the company integrated into Baxter, which I feel confident that we, through our digital transformation, have a much better ability of bringing companies in than a few years ago.
And the third and last one is that not every deal is created the same, and we examine multiple opportunities at all times. So the company has a significant amount of cash. And it doesn't go against deals. It goes back to the shareholders in form of -- in terms of buybacks, as we have done. As you saw, we just did some buyback this quarter. And for the year, we are around $600 million. So this is how I think about M&A.

Robbie, when we think about pharma, what's the value proposition of our pharma business is complex formulations and delivery in novel ways, premixes and ways that have not been yet launched or a combination of both. So we are in process of delivering our portfolio. The conditions of the market have deteriorated in terms of pricing headwinds as well as COVID, with the patients that have not gone to a hospital, and the budget of the pharmacies, right? So when we look at this whole thing, where do we stand today? We still see the headwinds that, that business has. Don't confuse the whole category that we have, which is -- has 2 very separate businesses.
One is our anesthesia business, which are gases, anesthetic gases, and that has declined consistently over the last 24 months because the type of delivery systems the anesthesiologists are using across the globe for gas from our Pharmaceutical business. So I tell you that we just had 3 products conditionally approved. We're going to be launching 3 in the next 6 to 9 months. We are excited about the portfolio and follow the same recipe of difficult to formulate, and novel ways of delivering.
So if you think about that, it is still a good business, has very, very, very strong and healthy profitability. So what we need to do is to make sure that our innovation will -- does not stop, and we continue to bring products organically and sometimes inorganically to the portfolio to be able to augment the growth of this business and keep ahead of the competition. Baxter has put together a very good group of R&D scientists in the United States as well as India. And together, they are working 24 hours a day in tandem to be able to deliver on that. I'm still a fan of that portfolio, understanding the headwinds that, that portfolio can have every so often, as some drugs will go down in contribution based on competition, but then we're able to launch new products.
Remember, there are 22 new product launches this year, probably around half of them are Pharmaceutical products. So we do not see a long-term issue for this business, but more a -- every so often issue that you have when you have competition coming into your market that has just happened in the last 12 months.

So, Pito, I will start, and Jay will pick up from there. Our sequential growth has improved from Q1 to Q2 in the overall U.S. market from 3.3% to about 4% in Q2 and going there to peak about 6% in Q4 for a pretty good performance on a post-2020 year, which is -- which was really hit hard in terms of new patients and the death of patients on COVID.
I would say that the PD market is still very much a good market to be in. It has grown above the overall renal dialysis business across the globe. Particularly in the U.S., we're still very optimistic on the vector of the growth that despite all that happened in 2020, we're able to have growth this year and expect to return to a high single-digit patient growth to double-digit patient growth, probably towards the end of '22 going into 2023.

Vijay, I think that there is changes in how patients are being treated and how hospitals are seeing the influx of patients. I -- when you think about 2019, you saw -- and you see how we are looking at for the rest of the year, we see this year as a recovery year where new admissions towards the end of the year, they exit into 2022, will be probably 100% -- 98% to 100% of going back to the admission flow rates that we've had before.  So if you think about the major dynamics of the market, I would say there is a move from the acute care to the less acute care.
And what is the impact for Baxter? If you think about Baxter as a health care supply company with products that are a must have independent of doctor's setting, we follow the patient with our products in many places. If you go to a less acute site, you will need a pump no matter what, you still need fluids, you need medicines, injectables, you still need things that are needed to treat that patient. To the home side, we have that advantage and have spoken about the PD advantage that is a positive for the company, not only by the rule in the U.S. with a kidney dialysis and transplant changes that were done during President Trump's tenure, but also the place to be, if you have sick patients that don't want to go to acute sites or dialysis clinics. So that is a positive.
When we look at what I see is temporary, the inflation that we are seeing and the disruption in supply chain, I think not only Baxter is working hard to offset that, but also I don't believe those are fundamental changes that will alter the -- completely the going-forward dynamic of our logistic costs as well as raw material costs. We will face headwinds in this area. We have spoken about the cost of containers are very expensive, fuel and everything else. We're offsetting that, as you could see this quarter, and we have done for the year, and we plan to continue to do it.
The thing is how do you see that? Is that a fundamental change in the cost structure? We don't think so. We think that, that will eventually subside. But at the moment, we don't have that in our numbers. In our numbers what we have is us offsetting headwinds coming in from the cost point of view. Market-wise, as I said, they are changed a significant amount of telehealth, connecting the dots of information coming from ICUs. So the better off -- we will be better off, but continue to develop our digital health products as we're doing.
If you think about our Sharesource with the companion -- with the mobile companion that we just launched earlier this year, a true view in our CRT as well as half of the portfolio with the FDA today. Regarding our new pump, is not a mechanical/electrical pump, is actually software that is going with it that will be installed in the hospitals networks as gateway to be able to manage traffic and bring information back and forth. So that boat has shipped -- that boat has sailed. There's no way to not be in the connected market going forward.

The outlook has been improving because the necessity for vaccine. So right now, we are looking at about north of $100 million this year of contribution from BPS.

Specifically COVID vaccine. Now BPS as a business is larger than that, but just BPS vaccine north of $100 million.

It's tough, Larry, yes. We -- on one side, we hope that we don't ever need to produce another vial of vaccine, so this disease goes away, and the world is back to normal. On the other hand, we're doing what we can to help the world get through this. So I would say that you're probably going to have some residual production in 2022. Because as you can see, I was overseas about a few weeks ago, and the scarcity of vaccine is remarkable. So there's still a lot of places in the world that don't have vaccines. And I think eventually, those vaccines will reach there. So we're not making a prediction in 2022, but we think there will be residual production in 2022 for vaccines.

Larry, I'll give you an update overall, but the nature of the question is a little too much, I'm not going to get into it. But I would say, all the questions are answerable and all the questions are not out of this world in terms of complexity to put them on a piece of paper and get back to the FDA.
I don't comment, all of you know on the call and outside the call that I don't comment on behalf of the agency. The agency will do what the agency will do. What we can do is make sure that our engineers and scientists and the regulatory folks are focused on this. We have a lot of people focused on getting those answers to the FDA. We hope that they will be happy with the answers, and we can have the product launched this year as we're planning at the moment.
I also want to just make sure that you all know, we're having pretty good demand for our spectrum pump -- our current pump, so it's not all or nothing. We do have really good demand for our pump, very large contracts coming about. So I just want to make sure that we feel very comfortable with where we are in terms of our technical responses to the FDA, we think we have it. We are very happy with the design of the pump and the future that holds because it's a very different platform that will hit the markets when approved and hopefully bring this industry at a different level of technology. But nevertheless, Baxter has 3 different groups of pumps, Evo IQ, Spectrum version 9 as well as the pump that is yet to be approved by the FDA.

Danielle, I would say that a lot of these sites are owned by large hospital systems. They are not just independent sites. The configuration of products in some of those sites are different than used in hospitals. So price points may differ for products used in non-acute or step down -- significant step down facilities that are not part of a hospital campus. But that is not -- there's no 2 different conversations going on. We believe that our products are -- have price consistency across customers. And we negotiate every single contract with the intent to have as much penetration as we can within that integrated supply chain for the hospital. So if you think about negotiations are all about class of products, and quality -- availability of products and evidently, price is a big deal, no best price usually wins, so I don't see tremendous distinction.

If you think about tuck-in acquisitions, they're always going to be there because it's a way for us to augment product lines and adjacencies. We just announced actually one today. And that is a good way. We don't have that kind of product. We need that kind of product to compete. So there's a really good thing we saw in our Pharmaceutical business with Doxil and Caelyx. So it is needed. But then you think about where the future of health care is going, where the confluences of the force is coming about, how do we look at our portfolio going forward and what would be a good complement for the portfolio. So the size doesn't play a role, obviously, if it's something enormous and unachievable, we don't discuss that. But size by itself will never be a determinant. As I said before, this is strategic -- it's strategy or strategic appeal. Second is the returns. The third would be our ability to integrate well. And if we don't find anything to deploy the cash, we deploy the cash back to the shareholders. So don't think about size ever been a determinant, think about strategic fit and future of health care.

I just want to make sure that you all know that our -- we are not predictors of disease here, neither infection rates. So we do the best we can in putting our models in place. We base our numbers on that. We will all expect to, hopefully, the Delta variant will be contained in most places in the world, and we move on. But at the moment, the admissions in U.S. of course were 98%, exiting the year hopefully in 2022 at 100%. Things can change, as you can see by the infection rates, but the death is still much smaller than were before. So we do the best we can, when looking at these numbers, is what we think is going to happen.