Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We're pleased to share our first quarter results with you today and to discuss our updated expectations for 2019. I will begin with a quick review of our performance in the quarter, and Jay will then provide more detail on the financials. We will wrap up with Q&A.
Baxter opened 2019 with a solid first quarter, delivering sales growth of 2% from both a constant currency and operational basis, representing the high end of our projections. Reported sales declined 2% with foreign exchange negatively impacting sales by approximately 400 basis points in the quarter. 
On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $0.76 and advancing 9% year-over-year. Growth was driven by top line sales performance, operational efficiency initiatives, a lower tax rate and a reduced share count. The breadth and essential nature of our portfolio reinforced Baxter's underlying stability even in a dynamic health care landscape. 
First quarter results benefited from positive performance across our Renal Care, Pharmaceuticals, Advanced Surgery and Acute Therapies' businesses, supplemented by increased demand for Baxter's cytotoxic contract manufacturing services. This strength helped offset the sales declines in our Medication Delivery and Nutrition businesses in the quarter as expected. 
Renal Care continued to perform well and maintained underlying momentum globally. Negative growth in the U.S. as expected was due to our strategic exit of the in-center hemodialysis bloodline business. Demand for our peritoneal dialysis therapies remains strong with patient volumes increasing high single digits in the U.S. and mid-single digits globally. The continuing rollout of our new PD cyclers, AMIA in North America, KAGUYA in Japan and CLARIA in Europe is helping to fuel this growth.
Pharmaceuticals delivered a strong mid-single-digit growth globally on a constant currency basis despite facing unfavorable comparisons from increased U.S. generic competition for cyclophosphamide and BREVIBLOC. The strength in the Pharmaceuticals business reflects the positive contribution of the Claris Injectables portfolio and our steady launch of new molecules, including the recent launches of 2 premixes in the U.S., dexmed and epti. Increased demand for Baxter's Hospital pharmacy compounding services as well as growth in our anesthesia business also contributed to growth in the quarter.
Double-digit constant currency growth in Advanced Surgery was driven by the U.S., which benefited from last year's acquisition of RECOTHROM and PREVELEAK. We're continuing to enhance our hemostatic product line in response to customer needs, most recently with the FDA approval of a next-generation faster prep configuration for FLOSEAL. This makes it even easier and quicker to employ our leading hemostatic in the operating room. 
And our Acute Therapies business delivered solid mid-single-digit constant currency growth globally. Recall last year, this business benefited from an intense flu season, creating a difficult year-over-year comparison. We continue to see strong trajectory here with the launch of our next-generation PrisMAX technology, gaining traction in the ICUs in Europe and is off Q1 Asia Pacific as well.
This quarter, Baxter and NantHealth also announced that a digital health solution is now available to connect Prismaflex with the hospital EMR system. This represents a key enhancement in our digital care portfolio. 
In addition, a new collaboration with bioMérieux is focused on identifying biomarkers to diagnose acute kidney injury earlier, reflecting our strategy to broaden our impact across the continuum of care. The growth in this business was partially offset by the anticipated declines in our Medication Delivery and Nutrition businesses. This past quarter, Medication Delivery faced a challenging comparison to our first quarter 2018. 
You will recall the demand for U.S. large-volume IV solutions spiked in the first half of last year. This was due to hospitals and distributors stocking up in response to industry-wide supply challenges following Hurricane Maria as well as the intense flu season. Performance in this business is expected to improve sequentially over the course of 2019 driven in part by our ongoing recapture efforts for small volume parenterals and the continued uptake of our new pump platforms Spectrum IQ in North America and Evo IQ in selected international markets. 
And as I have mentioned previously, we are re-basing our Nutrition business in the U.S. The upcoming launch of Clinolipid marks our first U.S. launch in our Nutrition business in over a decade. It will be an important milestone in our efforts to reactivate growth. 
Our employee base remains highly engaged and focused on delivering innovation that improves patient outcomes, enhances safety, facilitates the shift of care to the home setting and increases the ready access to generics, including drugs in short supply. This will allow us to address many of the pressing issues facing hospitals today as they look for opportunities to further reduce the potential for medication error and decrease costs.
In summary, we're encouraged by the underlying strength of the quarter. Our results are built on a combination of enhanced operational efficiency and a revitalized innovation pipeline as we are well positioned for growth acceleration.
Before I pass it over to Jay, I want to provide a quick update on our quality efforts. As you know, we have been operating since 2013 with an FDA warning letter in place for our North Carolina and Jayuya, Puerto Rico manufacturing plants. This week, we received notice that the FDA has now classified our Jayuya site as voluntary action indicated or VAI. We're pleased with this development, which we believe reflects our steadfast commitment to quality in Baxter and acknowledges progress in our efforts to help ensure reliable product supply for our customers.
Now I will pass it to Jay to provide more details on our financial performance and outlook.

Robbie, I will start, and then I'll pass on to Jay. Well put, investors tend to focus on things that they feel most comfortable which not necessarily is how management feels. So probably this answers about 50 questions that I'm going to get on the same thing that you just asked. So I feel comfortable with our ramp up in Medication Delivery. Why is that? First of all, the first quarter last year, we had close to $50 million in excess purchases in LVPs and SVPs that were not necessarily needed but were purchased because the hurricane effect, the flu that was very hard and people stocking up all those products. Consequently, the other quarters that we had were -- it started with quarter 2 and then culminating with 3 and 4, were really, really destocking, severe destocking. So when I compare Q1 this year with Q1 last year, what I get is a negative growth, rightfully so. Now why do I believe that we can get to the guidance in Medication Delivery? Right now, I have no indication otherwise. First of all, we have a good pipeline of pump either conversions or replacements in the horizon. So we feel good about that. Second, we are, as you know, have signed all the GPO contracts with extension of supply of our LVPs and SVPs. We're now signing IDNs with some of the GPOs with almost 100% of IDNs we signed and with opportunity to continue to gain potential market share because the investment that Baxter made in its supply chain culminating with investment in quality that resulted with the FDA issuing voluntary action indicated from the inspection that they had in December, not necessarily I'm affirming that the FDA will lift or not the warning letter that we have in those 2 facilities but indicates that our efforts have resulted in progress against observations of the past. So when we show this to our customers and potential customers, we have now redundancy in our supply chain, and people should feel comfortable about that, okay? So the SVPs and the LVPs, which are part of Medication Delivery, including the pumps, we have a plan to get there. And right now, I have nothing otherwise telling me that the plan is in jeopardy. Okay. When I shift to Nutrition, Nutrition is a longer recapture of the market. It's a product that has different indications for use. The discretion of the nutritionist and the physician changed once we could not supply them with amino acids after the hurricane. Practice have changed. We see us continue to make progress. It's not a '19 story. It's a '20 story, but I feel comfortable that we have enough gas in the tank with the launch of the Clinolipid this year that we can augment this growth.
Let me shift now to the Pharmaceutical business. When I first came to Baxter, I thought Baxter had a hidden gem in its ability to mix APIs in solution, make them stable either at room temperature or frozen and continue to advance in this niche space that has been very good to Baxter. Our Pharmaceutical team has executed extremely well, not only on new molecules that we're launching but also in molecules that we purchased through Claris. So we will continue to double that in Pharmaceuticals. We don't tell everything to everyone that we're doing, but we have a significant amount of development, a very healthy pipeline in Pharmaceutical, and that was by design put in play to create diversification for Baxter's base business, and what it's doing today is exactly that. I feel very comfortable about Acute Therapies. I think we are -- huge pluses from last year. I see that business growing. We have an opportunity with this business to get close to double digits even in face of a tough comp from last year's first quarter flu season. We launched PrisMAX. We just got file with the FDA, and the FDA started its period of review of our PrisMAX in U.S. It's doing well outside the U.S. Prismaflex, which is the generation before that, just got augmented with 2-way communication to the EMR. I found also Advanced Surgery to be doing a pretty good job in getting market share. We are there. There is a shortage in the market due to a competitor having a recall. We have capacity. Our FLOSEAL is still the best product out there for severe bleeding. So we're still doing well. We took the business from Mallinckrodt, RECOTHROM and PREVELEAK and did extremely well last year with it. So I find the execution of the company going well.
So going back to Medication Delivery, what I have in front of me is no indication that we're not going to do what we said we are going to do. So perhaps this can alleviate the same question in 5 different versions that may come after you. And one last comment is on Renal Care. Our patient growth has been good. It has been slightly over 5%. U.S. is doing extremely well with 8.5% growth in peritoneal dialysis patient growth. So we feel good about that. We got out on purpose of bloodlines. We made no money on that business. That business was $40 million, $50 million that was making no profit. As a matter of fact, we're losing money. So we made the right decision there. So all in all, I think the company is focused on execution, and we are absolutely with a brand-new team in the U.S. led by [ Josette Macauley ] and by Heather Knight, both of them with great track records, we continue to strive to meet our commitments.

Bob, let's start with Pharmaceutical as we have a couple of molecules that we're launching. We are expecting a good-sized molecule for sometime early next year. So we're talking about 6 to 12 months from today. We also have the version 9 of our pump we launched last year, but we have a new pump platform coming up next year. And we're going to have 2 pumps coming out right out of the gate, which is a large volume pump and syringe pump, all integrated 2-way integration with EMR, all the stuff that you should have plus the best drug library in the market. We will have later that year, which is next year, we'll have the PCA pump, which is the third leg of the stool. And then in another 6 months after that, we'll have the ambulatory pump. So we have a 4-pump platform. We also continue to experience a significant uptake in demand for our KAGUYA cycler in Japan. That is going -- it's doing well. We just crossed 1,000-patient mark. And we've seen this business for the first time since I got here with growth in Japan. We also have PrisMAX, which I just spoke about. PrisMAX for the U.S. is a big deal. We hope to get approval probably within 6 months to 8 months, depends upon the FDA review time frame. And so we have over 20 products actually coming up for launch in the next 12 months. So some are small, some are more relevant, some are more long term, some more durable like the pumps and PrisMAX. We continue to look at a lot of different molecules, and so we feel comfortable that Baxter's shifting a bit now from its operations excellence and efficiency as all of you know, we've been doing for the last 3.5 years to start to see the fruits of the innovation coming through.

Yes, just going back into inventory. A bit of the inventory was planned because we had nothing in terms of large volume parenterals in the inventory. Now we carry inventory at the levels that are appropriate to service our customers of today and future customers. So going back to capital deployment, David, we continue to look extensively at all kinds of different opportunities. We like some of the stuff that we're seeing. We're looking at molecules. We buy molecules, we buy small stuff all the way to large stuff we're looking at. Buying shares back until very recently was a good deal because we thought the multiple was depressed, and our treasury group did a great job. We continue to evaluate the deployment of capital in face of opportunities that we have in front of us. So we may or may not continue with the program at the pace that we had in the first quarter. It will depend a lot upon what opportunities we have in M&A. As I said before, there's always a good balance between strategy and buying shares back. We couldn't pass the opportunity in the last 6 months to buy the shares because we thought the price was adequate. And lo and behold, I think we made a very good decision in buying that. And if we speak to our investors, folks who are long holders of Baxter, they probably appreciated the fact that we had an opportunity, took that opportunity. Nothing would payback as best as that did for us and for our investors. But with that said, we need to continue to look at expanding Baxter's technology and opportunities. There's not a week that goes by that I don't see 1 or 2 opportunities. And as I say to folks, when it's the right one, you'll be the first one to know.

So David, I can see where our investors feel uneasy looking at a performance of the last year, a couple of quarters, coming into the first quarter and said, "How can you get there?" and it's one of the things is our credibility, right? So what we're saying to you is that we can do that because we can see through it, and we have the numbers, we have the reviews, but let me give a little bit more color. The market is quite stable, meaning there are not shortages out there. There's not a company that is out of the market. There's nothing like that. So what is important to our customers? That you have continuity of supply, that you have inventory, that you have the ability to supply a large swath of products under the Medication Delivery and be safe at the end of the day. So what Baxter brings to the table are a few things. We are a very stable supply chain right now. We modified significantly the last 3 years. We invested over $120 million in our factories to improve our quality, to improve output. We completely revamped our management at our factories. So we do have the capacity today from Canada, United States, Brazil, Spain and Ireland. We have a network that is flexible enough that can provide products. We launched a new product that has been very instrumental in recapturing the small-volume parenterals, the Mini-Bag Plus, which is the single pack. We also took advantage of one of the competitors that filled in during the shortage of small-volume parenterals is on a recall, and the product is not available on the market, which brings our product to life as a safe product, Mini-Bag Plus. So we've been seeing, signing 2-, 3-, 4-year agreements with hospital systems right now. So we feel that our pipeline is strong enough of deals that we think we can deliver on our promise. Things can change 6 months down the road. I don't think, as I see it today, that they will. But things can. What we're doing is making sure that we are signing every single account, and we're showing to customers who are not ours today how Baxter can serve them with value as well as supply and breadth of products. Remember, we are a company that goes from the pharmacy all the way to the ICU. So we have a breadth of products that can be offered that way. On top of it, we also have one of the best pumps, if not the best drug library in the market, which is in our SIGMA SPECTRUM version 9. So all of this together with the new team that we have with experienced people, it's not a new team, but it's experienced people, I'm very confident that we can get to the end of the year and deliver to our investors what we said we're going to deliver. If we have any changes to that, we will let you guys know.

Matt, I think what we see is the number of patients are related to penetrate -- a couple of things. One is the penetration of the therapy, our renewed partnership with DaVita and lastly is also maybe related to length of stay in terms of durability of the revenue, right, on therapy. So I would say to the number of patients, I attribute it mainly by the excellent relationship that we have with DaVita where we seek the best therapies for the patients. And the organizations are aligned, and Baxter is making investments in its plants to provide more capacity for growth. In PD right now, as we speak, we're investing dozens of millions of dollars in our facilities to be able to support DaVita. We had this agreement with them. So I find this to be the result of that execution.

Matt, the government announcement that they would initiate a move to take patients from clinics to home is too new to have caused any significant impact on our numbers. Our numbers, as I said, are driven primarily in the U.S. by a strong relationship with DaVita. That continues to get stronger. Our availability of product, which is most importantly we are making investments in our plants to supply the market with product. So we will have availability of products for the longer term. We are investing in technology, point of care, for instance, our first patient just came off successfully from the 3-month clinical trial period. We continue to enroll more patients on that technology. So all in all, the U.S. has done well because our renewed effort in partnership. When I look in Asia Pacific, the growth in patients for the year was 6.5%. Don't forget the Asia Pac, primarily China, we are 70-plus percent market share holder in China. And in China, we have twice as many patients in PD that we have in the U.S. And then the areas that we need to continue to improve is Europe has always been behind in PD penetration compared to the U.S. and parts of Asia. So all in all, 5.1% growth in patients for PD is a pretty healthy number. And consequently, now our outlook for the year is a little more than that. So we continue to see a very strong outlook in the U.S., Asia Pacific as well as Canada.

Yes. So if you compare like BREVIBLOC and cyclophosphamide, we will not see drugs like that in our portfolio, not to that extent anymore because those were drugs that were semi-specialty drugs. They had patents, and they had things that we had, and it was a different Baxter at that time. Our intent in Pharmaceuticals is to launch 3 to 4 molecules a year, which are injectable, mostly, mostly premixes, which is Baxter's strength. It's premix. It's our GALAXY technology that comes to light. We will launch some APIs primarily once we get the warning letter resolved out of Ahmedabad. There will be some APIs launched out of that facility. But if you look at our objective is to launch in 5 areas of care: Oncology, Anesthesia, Antibiotics, Specialty Antibiotics and a conglomerate of small parts of therapy as well as the premixes. So we're going to take those areas of therapy and launch specialty products, 3 to 4 molecules a year. Some are going to be $70 million, $80 million. Some are going to be $3 million, $4 million. It's going to be a mix of them. Our objective by 2023 is to more than double the number of molecules that we currently have, and we are ahead of plan to get there.