Thank you, and good morning. I will begin with some comments and perspective on our third quarter results. Jay will then walk through the financials and guidance in greater detail, and we'll close with your questions. Brik Eyre, whom may you know from our May Investor Conference, will join us for the Q&A to provide additional insights on our U.S. performance.
Baxter reported solid third quarter with sales up 2% on a reported basis, 3% on a constant currency basis and 3% operationally. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $0.80, increasing 25% year-over-year. 
Our strong earnings growth demonstrates the continued power of our operational improvement initiatives, and we see more potential for these efforts moving forward. Drivers of growth in the quarter included the company's Renal Care, Pharmaceuticals, Advanced Surgery and Acute Therapies businesses; increased demand for Baxter's contract manufacturing services also contributed to the performance in the quarter. This strength helped offset declines in our Medication Delivery and Nutrition businesses. 
Growth in Renal Care was primarily driven by increased patient volumes for our peritoneal dialysis products globally. In the U.S., this contributed double-digit PD therapy growth. In Asia Pacific, we continued to see strong patient growth in China. And for the first time in years, we're experiencing positive patient growth in Japan following the launch of KAGUYA earlier this year. 
In Pharmaceuticals, growth was driven by strength in the U.S., where we've experienced increased demand for our premixed injectables and extended our portfolio with the addition of Claris products. Claris, which we'll now refer to as Baxter a MetaBot, continues to deliver double-digit performance growth, in line with our expectations. Increased sales of anesthesia and critical care products also contributed to the results in the quarter. Advanced Surgery achieved double-digit growth, including the contribution of $14 million from sales of RECOTHROM and PREVELEAK. 
Acute Therapies also reported double-digit sales growth based on global strength across the portfolio. On Monday, this team initiated a worldwide launch of the leading-edge PrisMAX system beginning with 19 European countries. PrisMAX is our next-generation technology for CRRT, or continuous renal replacement therapy in organ support therapies. It offers ICU practitioners a broad range of advantages designed to make therapy simpler, safer, more accurate and more efficient. This is transformative innovation that builds on decades of Baxter market leadership in the acute care space. These strong results posted by this business was partially offset by performance in our U.S. Medication Delivery and Nutrition businesses, which were, frankly, disappointing.
I can assure you that steps are already being taken to address these issues. It starts with decisive action to put the right leadership in place, accountable for renewing the strategic momentum and forecast reliability that we and you expect. Overall, we remain on sound footing across a vast portfolio of products with market leadership positions.
To be certain, we are in a period of course correction in a few key areas, which we often occurs -- which rather, which often occurs from time to time in a dynamic market like ours. Let me drill down a few key areas starting with supply disruption due to Hurricane Maria.
It has now become clear that market dynamics have fundamentally shifted in a few of our market segments in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria at least in the near to midterm. While we have resumed production at prehurricane levels, the gap in bringing supply back to market ultimately caused a longer-lasting ripple effect for several products line. End customer demand has now fully resumed to prior levels. 
Specifically, with respect to small volumes -- rather with respect to small volume parenterals, which include our Mini-Bag and Mini-Bag Plus lines, we have seen impacts from protocol changes such as moving to IV push for administration of drugs as well as some moves to competitive products on supply constrained codes.
While we expect to regain most of this business, we do anticipate it will take some time, particularly for the portion of the business that has moved to alternative practices for drug administration. We are continuing to reinforce the benefits of Mini-Bag Plus, emphasizing safety and reduced potential for medication errors.
We're also reinforcing the availability of supply with our customers. For select U.S. nutrition products, we've seen some market contraction as a result of hurricane-related supply constraints whether through providers delaying the start of parenteral nutrition and/or reducing dosage. We also experienced some shifts to outsourced nutrition compounding centers in competitive products. It is unlikely we'll regain all our lost sales here, particularly where we've seen market contraction at least in the near to midterm. 
We're in process of rebasing this business and expect to resume U.S. market growth of low single digits in the coming quarters. And while not directly related to the hurricane's impact on our production levels, the historic tight supply in the market for IV solutions has also impacted performance for the Medication Delivery business this year. 
Sales of large-volume IV solutions spiked in the first 5 months of the year driven by increased purchased -- by increased purchases, given the protracted industry-wide supply challenges coupled with an intense flu season. Customers rushed to acquire any available IV solutions products. This resulted in growing inventory levels across our customer base. 
Our forecast was built off this elevated run rate and didn't contemplate the level of inventory destocking we're currently experiencing as supply constraints have eased. In addition, the timing of adding incremental beds in nonacute customer has fallen short of our expectations. It's important to note that the end user demand for our LVPs is up approximately 2% year-to-date. We believe this is slightly ahead of the market, which we see as growing approximately 1%. 
So ultimately, while our overall share has remained stable, the impact from the inventory destocking as well as the timing of bringing on new customers has clearly been slower than anticipated. As a result of these market dynamics, we are resetting expectation for these businesses in 2018. Going forward, our expectation is that the Medication Delivery and Nutrition business will grow in line with our long-term outlook. 
Taken together, these learnings will help support greater predictability and forecast alignment. We have a unique portfolio of life-sustaining products, and we've implemented some necessary changes that we believe will make our prospect both stronger now and over the long run. 
In summary, our diversified portfolio, accelerating innovation, strong balance sheet and relentless focus on operational efficiency give us the confidence and flexibility to deliver on our long-term financial objectives. 
With that, I will turn it over to Jay.

Okay. Bob, I'm going to pick up half of the answer here, and I'm going to pass to Brik to get a little bit more color on the question on the share. First of all, there were shifts in the market because, us not having Mini-Bags and Mini-Bag Plus and amino acids, we actually were the ones teaching our customers how to use alternative methods. Some of them will come back, and we expect in 2019 to pick up a portion of that without a problem. The other ones will take a little longer for us to convert because those are medical practices. You have a significant amount of hospitals in the country, and we have large market share. I would say that we don't see the issues that we experienced in '18 by rebasing '18 to affect, tremendously, growth rates going forward. So as a matter of fact, I would say that the full year of 2018 results are the base for the LRP that we present in May, which runs from '18 to '23. So using the projected performance of 2018 we -- that we just shared with you, we are not revising our long-term guidance for total Baxter even the top or bottom lines. So there are structural issues. They take a little longer to resolve, but we have not lost any customers at this moment. And we may have lost some temporary share in accounts where some fluids are being substituted, which we expect from the mid- to long-term to recapture. I'd like to see if Brik would like to add anything to it.

I would say that with the capacity that we have, and we're going to look at the sentiment of the investors, it's always a good time at this moment to look at some buybacks. But also we continue to use a significant amount of efforts inside Baxter in the M&A space. So we want to make sure that we have capacity to do all of the above, continue to increase our dividends annually and buy back shares and have plenty of capacity to go after M&A targets, which has a renewed and very focused effort at Baxter.

So I'm going to have Brik answer 95% of your question. Just want to go back to the LVP. We now have a very good understanding of what happened in terms of stocking and destocking. As I said, we haven't lost a customer. But what we learned from this whole thing was that there was a pattern of purchases that were for many years in place, due to the product allocation that customers would buy whatever was available for them to buy because it was usually a little less than they would wish to purchase. We have created significant flexibility in the supply chain. And for the first time, we are in the market with no allocation, which creates flexibility for us, not to sell in U.S., but sell the product in other parts of Latin America, like we just did the other day in Mexico, extremely well-executed flexibility of supply chain. So we are going into a new era of LVPs where not only our plant in North Cove has done extremely well remediating and improving the output of the plant. So, at the same time, we resolved long-lasting quality issues. Things of the past have been resolved effectively. That plant is also now surpassing capacity plants because it's doing so well. We have capacity in Mexico, Ireland. So we now have the ability to really put the product to work. And this will be fundamentally important for us to resign customers that were -- we've signed in the past. When we talk about execution, we had an execution issue in the short term by having a team that did not understand what was happening with the difference between inventory in distributor and demand at the end of the day. It didn't change the dynamics. We did not see the signal, and we should have seen that and communicated more effectively. But to that end, we are relentless in execution. That's why we made significant changes in the U.S. team and have replaced people -- and plus we're replacing people who did not understand how we operate. I want to pass on to Brik to speak specifically about the push and how this business can come back in terms of market share as well.

Can you repeat the second part of the question? I understood the Pharmaceuticals. I missed...

Acute Therapies, okay. Robbie, we had an extraordinary performance in the Pharmaceuticals business. Some of that is our capability of producing products that others can't and being there all the time. Cyclophosphamide is one of them despite the fact there's the new competitor that was authorized by the FDA to produce. We haven't seen the product coming out of this manufacturer yet. It's a very difficult product to make. We're not saying that we're the only ones who can because there's another competitor in the markets, and those has their product out there. But at the end of the day, we can make oncolytics and cytotoxics extremely well, one of the best in the market. We have BREVIBLOC that we do well and also TDS, which we source and be able to -- have the product for our customers. We don't see these products repeating the same performance all the time because as the nature of the business being when we can produce then people can't, people sometimes come back to the market. The BREVIBLOC is one that now has a couple of other manufacturers on the market, but we are always hedging our capabilities. So the performance of the Pharmaceuticals have been driven primarily by our ability to execute versus others who can't. I will give a little bit of a mid- to long-term view of Pharmaceuticals, which is our ability to continue to look into acquired molecules, which we've been doing. Second is our commitment to deliver on the LRP that Brik had presented at the Investor Day. We are still on track for all of that. Moving to the Acute Therapies, and I just want to say that we just launched PrisMAX, great product, launched in Europe. It's going to launch in the U.S. following. We are very excited. We're #1 in this therapy around the globe. You can see by the performance of this business and the performance of a competitor that just released earnings the other day, specifically yesterday, that we continue to be very successful in gaining share and also creating adoption for this technology. This just proves this is a structurally sound business, and we're very happy with the execution. I just also want to take the opportunity, you mentioned things that are going well, to underscore our launch of PD business and relaunch of our PD business in Japan with great success. And a 10% growth overall in China on all of our businesses combined. So we have some really good stuff happening. The unfortunate part is that we missed some of the market signals in the U.S. that created a headwind for us in Q3, will create in Q4 and we'll recover probably through '19 into '20. So we have some really good businesses within the company. They are really good cash generators and also we have a good and sound pipeline coming out on the company in '19 and '20.

Robbie, just want to amend my answer on Pharmaceuticals that are premixes, which are replacements for -- we would sell premixes every day of the week in favor -- in detriment of Mini-Bag Plus, okay? Because premixes get a higher margin and they're up 18%, 18%. And they're reflected in Pharmaceuticals. They're not reflected in SVPs. Just want to highlight that because I missed that in my answer to you. So to the folks on the call, premixes has done extremely well. This is the GALAXY product, and those were ones that we told the customers to substitute for when we did not have Mini-Bag Plus available after the hurricane. So this is the positive side that we did not talk about. Let me pass on to Brik to answer the rest of your question.

Thank you. Trying to figure out if Jay and I are on the same page, and we are actually. Jay called me right before he said this and asked, "can I say that." And I authorized him to say that without [ Bernie ] present. We are looking at any opportunity that we have either adjacent to the core or completely outside of the core in terms of another leg to the stool. And why do we take the constraint of size? Because that creates an issue in selecting targets, not necessarily that we will execute on that but not -- but being agnostic of size. What Jay meant to say was that we have -- we are looking at every opportunity that is -- that will get us what we need to do, which is to refresh the portfolio of Baxter, to create momentum on the gross margin line, augment growth on the top line and be accretive to the bottom line. We're doing this. And by taking the size from the restriction, we can see better what's available to us. But let me also put a commentary that was implied in Jay's response to your question during your conference, that is, we will push the boundaries of our debt ratio to the limit of investment grade, but not -- or below that. So that creates a size limitation of what we can do, okay? Secondly, I have to say to you that what Baxter has done in terms of its business transformation and what we're able to bring to the company when I first started about -- exactly 3 years ago yesterday, we had 9% of operating income, and now we are above 18% of operating income. That transformation of a company is difficult to achieve. But once you know and learn how to do it, it is paramount upon the acquisition. So if you think about when we talk about sizes and how we do it, it's not about integration per se, but it's our ability also to go in with that mentality, with that trademark and get the savings out of the target independently if the synergies are all in terms of connecting systems and doing the stuff that more traditionally people think about. I'm coming from a different angle that said that is doable, but the first thing we'll do, we'll put a business transformational office identical to what we have in Baxter at that company. And we're going to remove the cost and the fat that companies usually have in the medical technology and generics, pharmaceutical business. So it's a long answer to you to say that we are looking at multiple size deals. We're looking for in also adjacencies and outside of our space within the health care, but also we have the ability to really be a cost-driven organization, that can extract value from a target even if it's not core or highly synergistic to us.

We always look at execution at Baxter in a way that is pretty straightforward. Some stuff we expect from people to accomplish at a certain level. Understanding their market is the first one. So when people don't understand their markets or they have been complacent in doing their jobs, it's our responsibility as leaders to identify that, either correct with the personnel that we have or just replace. So that's what we did, and we do that all the time in all businesses. We have significant changes. For instance, we made significant changes in the international business at Baxter, was really under managed, to be honest with you. And we brought some really good people in, and we started seeing the performance going up. Brik had issues with the performance in the hospital business in the U.S., and we just did the same thing. So it's pretty straightforward. No different than it would have been in any other prior jobs, but we take performance very seriously. We take performance as the #1 criteria, only second to ethics and compliance.

Yes. Joanne, clearly, we are looking into '19 to be a year that we're going to have growth. The question that we're going to tell you how much growth it's going to be is going to be a conversation in January. Those products will contribute, and we're counting on them to help because as you see some of this change that Brik just mentioned in nutrition is several quarters in the making to recoup that kind of a sales volume. So those new products will be key. We're counting on PrisMAX. I think dex -- that is one that we are very excited. Once we launched dex, it's actually doing very well. We have 4 new molecules launching next year as well. So we -- one thing we have proven is the ability to really ramp up quickly to big sales on those molecules. If I'm not mistaken dexmed will -- peak sales will go into '19. We'll get into '19 pretty quickly. So we need those products. We're counting on KAGUYA next year to be a driver in Japan because the profitability -- not as much as sales growth as much as the profitability. That product has shown that the patient in Japan are highly profitable in terms of our reimbursement. So we are counting on those products without a doubt. And for me, and this is the message that I give to Brik, to Cristiano who runs Europe, Middle East and Africa and Andy Frye. It's all about executing on those new products. They have the message. They know what needs to be done, and we're counting on them. Thank you.

If you think about the transformation, Joanne, I put that in 3 different phases, and some of them are all in parallel. But the M&A was the -- and the portfolio revamping and transformation of the portfolio is one that had to come after 2 things that we had to do. We needed to put the house in order in terms of organizational structure, finance, balance sheet and culture. Once we get those things done, and we have our own organic programs, now we have a team that is working diligently on finding opportunities for us to tag along. So if we don't have those things in place, we couldn't do the other. We couldn't come up 6 months into this job and say we're going to buy this company and that company. We didn't have the balance sheet. Now we do. Not only that, we have the strategy, and we have competent leaders, for the most part, that we're making sure that we can execute on this. So as we make adjustments to our organization, I have to say that the people and employees of Baxter have done a significant amount of heavy lifting due to so many headwinds that we had with this hurricane, anticipated and unanticipated, because some of this stuff caught us by surprise not because we didn't prepare but because the long-lasting effect. But the people of Baxter has worked -- have worked relentlessly and get this done. Now it's time for us to really get the M&A going as these things are starting to get behind us.