Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Before Jay and I review financials for the fourth quarter and full year 2019, I want to update you on our internal investigation regarding nonoperating income related to foreign exchange gains and losses. As you know, the company and the Board have taken this matter very seriously. We moved to address it quickly and comprehensively with the help of independent, experienced advisers and forensic accountants. We also communicated proactively to the SEC, and have maintained open dialogue with the commission throughout. As indicated in the press release, our internal investigation is now complete as it relates to the financial statement impacts. This morning, we filed our 2019 Form 10-K, which included audited restated financial statements for full year 2018 and 2017. We also filed our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019. With these filings, we are now current with our SEC reporting obligations. Jay will discuss in further detail the changes we have made to strengthen and enhance our overall control environment.
Before I shift to a discussion of financial results for the fourth quarter of 2019, I feel it's important to make some comments on the rapidly evolving situation with COVID-19. The coronavirus outbreak continues to challenge communities, relief organizations, health care systems and businesses around the world. At Baxter, we have been active on the front line since its emergence, taking proactive measures to protect employees, aid patients and health care providers affected by the pandemic and maintain global supply of our essential medical products. On the supply front, our manufacturing operations are currently running at planned levels, and our supply chain team is assessing and mitigating possible disruptions around the globe. We are proactively managing our inventory levels, stock levels in warehouses, transportation options and the availability of raw materials and component parts. Given the global nature of the epidemic, we have seen some constraints on a limited number of components and APIs, especially those sourced from China and Italy. 
At this time, our team has been able to mitigate those disruptions by deploying existing inventory, providing additional support to our suppliers to help them return to production, using alternate shipping methods to expedite delivery and working with additional suppliers where needed. Our own efforts over the last few years to strengthen and expand our manufacturing supply network further support our position. We will continue to work closely with our regional and global supplier networks to address this ever-evolving situation. And our goal remains to help ensure all of our customers have access to the products they need to the best of our ability. To that end, I'd like to acknowledge the extraordinary actions of our 50,000 Baxter colleagues around the world, have been taken to serve patients and clinicians and help ensure access to our life-saving and life-sustaining products. While we will continue to actively monitor this situation and its potential business disruptions, we remain confident in our long-term underlying strength and innovation pipeline. We will also remain vigilant in exploring the most impactful ways to deploy our capital, including compelling business development opportunities as well as returning value directly to our investors.
With that, I will make some brief comments on our 2019 performance. As we shared in early January, our Q4 performance reflected Baxter's strongest operational sales growth since the 2015 Baxalta spin-off. Sales increased 7% on a reported basis, 8% at a constant currency and 9% on an operational basis. All 6 of our global business units and 3 geographic segments contributed to this strong top line performance, which was driven in part by our reinvigorated emphasis on innovation. Advancing our new product pipeline will continue to be a fundamental element of our ongoing transformation.
Our top line performance, combined with a focus on operational excellence and financial discipline, drove adjusted EPS of $0.97, a 37% increase year-over-year. Our fourth quarter performance demonstrated our ability to drive growth across our diversified portfolio by focusing on effectively meeting the needs of patients and providers. Within the quarter, we saw PD patient growth of approximately 7% globally, including low double-digit PD patient growth in the U.S. While we await publication of the final rule from the White House on the Advancing American Kidney Health Initiative, we are actively planning for investments required to increase our U.S. production capacity to meet new patient needs. We anticipate that home PD growth will continue to outpace that of overall ESRD growth.
In addition, during the quarter, we installed more infusion pumps in the U.S. than we have in recent history. Our Spectrum IQ infusion pump has one of the best drug libraries in the world, along with bidirectional EMR integration, and we continue to realize the benefits of innovation across our portfolio. Pharmaceuticals growth in the quarter was enhanced by our growing range of generic injectables. Enhanced momentum in clinical nutrition was fueled in part by our recent OLIMEL N12 and FINOMEL launches. Within Advanced Surgery, we effectively met heightened market demands for FLOSEAL Fast Prep, which launched earlier in 2019. And in Acute Therapies, we continue to successfully roll out our PrisMax platform across geographies. All in all, we are pleased to close out 2019 on such a strong note and are well positioned for sustained momentum as we remain focused on our long-term strategic objectives.
Now I will pass it on to Jay to provide some additional details on the quarter.

Okay. And our raw materials come from a variety of places around the globe. Let me -- because your question has a specificity for COVID-19, I'm sure, and our supply chain. So our electronics come primarily from parts of Europe and China. We're working very diligently and we're getting -- starting to get components out of China. We have good safety stocks. We feel comfortable that towards late spring, we will have enough. For most of our products, we have guaranteed ability of having products sold across the globe. So I'm not that concerned. If things become really difficult in China back to what it was in January and February, then the conversation is different. But today, the way we're seeing the shipping lanes are clearing up, we're getting products into our factories, not -- don't feel they were under tremendous amount of pressure.
Now when it comes to IV bags. IV bags, the products are made -- for the U.S., are exclusively made in the U.S. Meaning the raw materials are made in our plant in Arkansas, the bags are made in the Carolinas. And we can also make bags down in Mexico in Cuernavaca. So that is a backup plant that we have set up since Hurricane Maria, and we can get -- we are getting products from there now. We can get products -- more products in the future. So our supply chain is -- we have about probably 20, 25 components in raw materials that we're watching very closely. But we have 24 hours coverage around the globe. Our procurement departments are set in many parts of the world. So at this moment, we feel that between APIs, which are also made in India and China, we have a pretty good grip and the APIs are about the same of the electronics. We're talking about late spring. If things get worse in China, that's a different conversation. But with what we know right now, we are comfortable with inventory levels and we can supply the demand.

So Pito, we have the ability today to make turnover, okay? We can make high single-digit millions of -- mid-single digits in the millions of that, okay? We are starting in October converting production lines from our current Revaclear to THERANOVA, meaning the lines will be able to make either one of them. And I think by the time we finished the conversion for the globe, we're going to be able to supply probably close to 30 million units -- 28 million to 30 million units, okay? This is as we know today. We can always make investment plans for more capacity. As you know or you may not know, we manufacture our own equipment, our spinnerets, our spindles and spinning equipment, and how we bundle the fibers in this very proprietary, great product that we currently design and are making outside of the U.S. today. So that's our capacity. And we're prepared, by the way, once the period of 2 years of demonstration of the add-on payment, what's called TPNIES. I got corrected in Washington last week by somebody at CMS. It's not TPNIES. It's TPNIES. We can accelerate investment and we can produce more than 30 million, if needed be.

Robbie, we will -- let me get part of your question. And Jay is also here, he can chime in. We are seeing buying patterns that you see usually in -- with this kind of situation. We have only to compare in heavy flu seasons, and some of us remember, back in 2003, SARS, okay? So we have buying patterns that go from people not understanding what's happening, all of a sudden, stockpiling going around everywhere, okay? So Baxter is at the front line of treating patients with acute respiratory and acute generalized infection with our CRRT, continuous renal replacement therapy, our fluids, our antibiotics, our pumps. So we feel that right now, we are seeing buying patterns that are starting to get more coherent with an outbreak of something like the COVID-19 that we saw probably halfway through the first quarter because halfway through the first quarter, China was more in focus in -- what we saw in China. And remember, not only we're in the front lines for treatment of diseases such as this but also, we are in the chronic treatment business, which we need to deliver products to people's homes. So we saw in China an acceleration of purchasing for PD paired to new dialysis products. 
And then what we've seen in the U.S., probably it's going to go through the same thing. We're getting calls from state government, not only the Feds, but also the state government. Countries asking -- placing orders for stockpile of products. So we're starting to see the volume of those orders picking up. We're very -- we've been very judicious because we don't have, at this moment, a capacity restriction, but capacity is all relative. If you go ahead and start buying significant amounts by unit, by hospitals, more than what we can make, we will not be able to supply our business. So we think we're well equipped to supply the world with the products that we need and of the products we have. And we are not -- we have a few products that may go in allocation just as protection. But we have today the major IV business, IV solutions. We don't have any allocations of that. We are prepared to supply the market and naturally activate our backup plans that we have put in place since Maria. 
In terms of the quarter, we're giving guidance a few weeks before we close the quarter. So as I said, we saw 50 patterns in the first quarter. And I think it shows the resilience of our business through a process like this because we do have products used in all sorts of different products -- different settings from the home to the acute side to the more long-term care as well as for nonelective and elective procedures.
Jay, anything?

Very different dynamics, Robbie. Very different dynamics. First of all, at hospitals today in the U.S., the priority is to treat potential patients coming in. I don't think we'll change dramatically their buying patterns for capital in the midterm. But in the short term, it may alter their priorities. Not that we're not going to be able to sell the pumps. We probably will sell them and we'll probably supply product to customers, who today are impacted by the Class 1 recall of our competitor. But that may change a little bit of sequence looking at the priorities that we are currently putting into place. Remember, we're sending service personnel to hospitals, but I don't think we're going to be sending a bunch of people to install pumps now into hospitals. So it may shift a couple of months here and there, but I don't think the pattern of capital by -- as we know today, will change in the midterm to the long term. It will change in the short term because the priorities of the hospital are to treat the patients. 
On PD, it's a different conversation. PD is actually the safe place to be, which is the home. Imagine putting patients in a clinic with 5, 7 other very ill patients with diabetes, sometimes insufficiency and with the kidneys not functioning, and going to a clinic in this type of outbreak, it is really dreadful. So I would say that there's a great compelling reason for the peritoneal dialysis modality to take shape and be something strong going forward. I'm not saying right now, but I think this actually reinforces the AAKHI prerogative that the government had on having people treated at home. This is another added benefit of the home treatment.

It's tough to say, Bob. That's the reason why we are not putting long-term 2020 guidance out there because we need to figure this thing up. As I said, the buying patterns are really strange. We're getting orders for our CRT equipment. They are in excess of anything we've ever seen, okay? We also have a pretty healthy Advanced Surgery business. So we don't understand some of the patterns today. I have to imagine with the changes in procedures in hospitals, some of our business will be impacted like anesthesia, for instance. You have less procedures and surgery. And on the other hand, we have significant amount of business in the ICU. So I cannot give you an answer precisely what -- if this is a net neutral or not. We're going to have to wait. We hope by April -- end of April when we announce our first quarter results, we have either guidance for the rest of the year or have a better understanding of what's happening at the moment.

Yes.

Sure. Sure. Matt, we limit hoarding of inventory. Because otherwise you're going to have hospital systems in the U.S. going out and buying more antibiotic, more this, more that. And we are -- we have a control tower approach, where we look at everybody's consumptions and we will supply everyone with their needs. What we want to prevent is people buying months of inventory at a time. They don't even have a place to store. These are bulky items. So we prefer to do our inventory ourselves. We store things ourselves. Our operations today -- Bob Reed runs our operations and supply chain for the company, and is being very thoughtful about how we -- where we put the products. We are starting production lines as a backup. For instance, we started production line in Mexico for the U.S., that is going to be producing millions of bags for the U.S. We have other things that we are doing, just in case. But remember, we want to make sure that everybody gets what they need, and not 1 customer or 2 customers who put in the order first. So we're triaging things. We're making sure that our U.S. system, through Heather Knight, is doing a great job in making sure everybody gets what they need. So we're not rationing. We're not allocating everything. What we're doing is just simply making sure the orders are rational and we'll be able to ship them correctly where people need.
The same thing with PrisMax. For instance, the Prismaflex, our CRT machines, you have countries putting orders for hundreds of those, "Well, hang on a minute. Why do you need hundreds? You have less beds than another country." So we're making sure that we made and sold more CRT machines than we ever did in a period of time, but we need to make sure that we can make them, their component lead times, their components were -- we're making sure that we get the supply chain coming in right. The supply chain comes from China and other places, we're making sure that we're doing things right. So we're here to serve our customer. Our mission is so important to us. It's sometimes tough to comprehend looking from the outside, from finance community, how much our employees are committed to our mission. And we'll do everything we can to make sure everyone has what they need.

First of all, we cannot take China situation for granted because a lot of that has to do with isolation. I think there are papers out there. There was a paper that I read yesterday from the Imperial College in London, talking about that communicable nature of the disease, can spread again. So we are not taking anything for granted. We're very cautious. Our daily calls with our locations always stress the safety of our employees first and servicing the patients as well. So when it comes to Italy, we have special letters that we give to employees because we make products in Italy, primarily in Lombardy area. We have 3 plants there, and we're making fluids and we're making equipment there, and we're making sure the plants have -- are staffed properly. And so far, we've not -- have had much disruption to those plants, and the crossing of the border for supplies are -- is happening. So, so far, so good. And Italy is really the hotspot at the moment as well as Spain. We have a factory in Spain, primarily supplying the Spanish market and some of the south of Europe market. We also have plants in England. All of these plants are operating, as we say, with a sense of normalcy, which is kind of not normalcy because everybody has very heightened attention to everything. And this is just to tell you how committed our people are because they live in their homes and going to work every day in plants in North Carolina, in Alabama, in England, in Australia, everywhere in the world, China, 5 plants in China, they all are operating with the normalcy that you would expect under significant stress on the -- by the outside world and by the news channels and everything that's happening around them.

Danielle, just a bit of color on the business. And Jay, if you want to chime in, please do.

We are -- what we have done is transformed the U.S. sales and marketing organization. We have done a very good job in selling pumps and placing pumps last year was a crescendo. This is not something that you start and get done in one quarter. The fourth quarter was the result of months and months of preparation of accounts, of bids that we won. This was not an easy, easy path. So I would say that the pumps, the way they work, they performed in the fourth quarter, they did very well. We are going down the same path and trying to get the same business in 2020. Because we think we have a pump platform currently in place and, hopefully, when approved by the FDA, which we don't have a date yet, our new pump platform, we're going to be able to perform as well or even better with the new platform because we'll have a more complete set of products that we currently don't have.
We also had good fluid sales. Remember, little anticipation of fourth quarter, not much but some anticipation of the flu season, at that time, it was not known to the world that the coronavirus was this dangerous. So I will say that this business has tremendous resilience and aided by a new platform and a good, good solid pump, which is our version 9 of our, SIGMA SPECTRUM on the market today, we feel comfortable with the trajectory going forward. Is that going to be easy? No, it's not going to be easy. But I think with the contracts that we have signed, which are more long-term contracts, and with the pumps and sets that we have, I think we can continue to aim to perform well.

So just a curious comment on the FDA, I expect the FDA will slow down the approval process because people are not working there, mostly working remotely. But interesting, we just got the other day, our PrisMax 2 approval just came in and came in a couple of months ahead of time. So we made some changes in hardware, improved and some software change that enable an upcoming digital portfolio with a WiFi capability and other things, the true view analytics that is going to be on the machine, so we filed for the 510(k), got approval. So we were kind of surprised, it came so fast. Perhaps that was already in the pipeline and got accelerated. But I think we -- I just got news the other day, we just filed for another molecule ahead of time with the FDA. So we can't control and speak on behalf of the FDA. The only thing I can say is that we expect and we should plan for those delays. And we'll keep you posted as we see things, as we're going to know much more, probably in a month from now when we're talking to you, about April, what is going to happen with all this -- with the environment, with the landscape of hospital purchasing patterns as well as agents approvals and things like that. But just a curious fact about one file that was sent in ahead of time, and the other one was approved way ahead of time. So some -- it's tough to predict what's coming.

Yes. First of all, our first responsibility is to ensure that we have liquidity in the company and we have plenty of that as -- and we are prepared for anything to come our way. But also, I think, it's worth noting that we kind of took a long, long pause on speaking about large acquisitions or midsized acquisitions. We could not justify prices. The P/Es were so high. And I think sometimes time is on the side of the patient, individual. And we are patient here. And I think perhaps having a good amount of money in the bank and asset values are being down, I think, maybe is an opportunity for us to continue to look at the M&A landscape, but I don't discount the fact that also our stock is -- the pricing is pretty attractive.

Thank you all and be safe. Be protective of your health, and we wish you all well. Thank you.