Thank you, Clare, and thank you for everyone joining today's call. I hope that you and your loved ones are staying healthy and safe. I'll begin this morning with a review of Baxter's fourth quarter performance and some perspective on 2020 as a whole. Jay will provide additional details on the financials, including our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2021. Then we will close with Q&A. 
Obviously, it is impossible to frame this year's performance without reference to the COVID-19 pandemic. This has been a year like no other, and I once again want to acknowledge the health care providers, first responders, caregivers, researchers and, of course, patients who are on the front lines of this daily struggle. And I'm deeply grateful to my Baxter colleagues who continue to make a difference, not only battling COVID-19, but across all of the acute and chronic conditions addressed by our broad portfolio. 
In the spirit of our mission, we've partnered with 3 companies to manufacture selected COVID-19 vaccines through our Baxter BioPharma Solutions business. We're privileged to work alongside these companies and proud to bring our leading-edge contract manufacturing capabilities to the fight against this pandemic. 
Our results in 2020 demonstrate our commitment to driving performance and reflect the diversity and durability of our portfolio amid these challenging market conditions. Baxter delivered fourth quarter reported sales growth of 5%, 3% at constant currency rates and 2% operation. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $0.80, down 18% year-over-year, reflecting a challenging comparison to the prior year quarter, our strongest quarter since the Baxalta spin-off as well as the ongoing impact of the pandemic on our business.  
Geographically, growth was led by our Asia Pacific segment, which was up 8% at constant currency rates. This reflects the region's overall momentum and leadership in pandemic containment and recovery. Fourth quarter year-over-year sales growth was 5% for EMEA and flat in the Americas, also at constant rates. 4 of our 6 GBUs grew for the quarter at constant rates, unless otherwise noted, all sales growth figures discussed are compared to the prior year period at constant currency rates. Growth was led by Acute Therapies at 50%. This reflects sustained higher demand for continuous renal replacement therapy, or CRRT, products used in the treatment of COVID-19. 
Our Renal Care business delivered mid single-digit growth for the quarter, driven by ongoing strength for peritoneal dialysis therapies, particularly in the U.S. During the quarter, we announced FDA authorization of our Homechoice Claria APD cycler which features Sharesource, the only two-way remote patient management platform for PD patients in the U.S. This new cycler option alongside AMIA supports our ability to expand accessibility to home-based therapy as the new CMS end-stage renal disease treatment choices or ETC payment model takes effect this year. 
While the impact of COVID has been more muted on Baxter's Renal Care business, overall ESRD patient volumes in 2020 have been depressed by COVID as this patient population is experiencing a higher mortality rate and the incidence of new patient diagnosis is slow. 
As the leader in home therapies, we have launched a global campaign Safer at Home, designed to educate clinicians and patients around the world about the benefits of peritoneal dialysis therapy and increased awareness of alternatives to in-center hemodialysis treatment. As a result, we expect home therapies growth to continue to outpace that of overall ESRD growth. 
Clinical Nutrition also grew mid-single digits, reflecting the benefit of the new product launches, enhanced commercial execution, competitive dynamics in U.S. and the demand for nutrition products as part of COVID-19 patient treatment. 
Advanced Surgery grew at 10%, benefiting from the impact of our early 2020 Seprafilm acquisition. Adjusting for the acquisition and foreign exchange, Advanced Surgery declined low single digits operationally year-over-year, reflecting the ongoing lower rate of surgical procedures globally amid the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Sales in our Medication Delivery and Pharmaceuticals businesses both declined mid-single digits, reflecting lower rates of hospital admissions versus pre-COVID levels. Declines in admissions were partially offset by increased utilization and stocking of a range of products used in treating COVID-19 patients, including certain presentations of our large volume parenterals, Mini-bags and select generic injectable pharmaceuticals.  
Shifting perspective to full year 2020. Baxter achieved sales growth of 3% on both the reported and constant currency basis and 2% operation. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $3.09, declining 7% versus 2019. 
The essential nature of our portfolio has long been fundamental to our business model and mission to save and sustain lives. This certainly proved essential to our overall 2020 results, while utilization of certain products and therapies declined in light of pandemic conditions. It surged in others, none more so than our Acute Therapies portfolio as well as a range of other products across our GBUs. These products emerged at the core of pandemic care. And as demand grows to record levels, we invested as necessary to help increase the flow of these products to the patients and clinicians who will rely on this globally.  
Amid the unpredictability of 2020, we remained focused on our strategic objectives, which include advancing health care innovation, delivering value to all its stakeholders. You can see many highlights in today's press release. And this is not changing as we seize the opportunities in 2021 and beyond. The global launch of our leading-edge NOVUM IQ infusion platform achieved key milestones at the end of 2020 with CE marking in Europe and Health Canada approval. And we are on track to resubmit our 510(k) application to FDA by the close of the first quarter. Plus our new product pipeline includes additional generic injectables and the next-generation of our market-leading PrisMax technology among other highlights. 
In addition, we will continue pursuing attractive business development and licensing opportunities in line with our core portfolio in key adjacencies. To the extent we don't find opportunities that meet our disciplined strategic and financial criteria, we will return value to the shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
Baxter's momentum is also evident in other ways, like our growing Net Promoter Scores globally demonstrating the strength of our customer relationships and laying the groundwork for expanding opportunities. And it can be seen in our wide-ranging ESG recognition, which reflects our standing as a good corporate citizen and an employer of choice for top talent. That's why I remain optimistic about our future. 
Baxter transformation, now entering its sixth year, has done far more than strengthen our financial performance. It has strengthened our agility, adaptability, resilience and tenacity. These attributes alongside our enduring mission and essential portfolio have been key to navigating today's uncertainty. They will remain at the heart of driving value for patients, clinicians and shareholders as the global health care landscape continues evolving rapidly.  
Now I will pass it on to Jay, who will take a closer look at our financial performance and outlook for 2021.

Robbie, good morning. Good morning, everyone. Listen, the pipeline that we have got disrupted in 2020, but we feel that we have momentum coming into 2021 and 2022. If you think about the ETC, we believe that PD as a category will be a high single-digit growth, which is probably 300 to 400 basis points above the market growth of ESRD. Baxter is well positioned to capitalize on that. We do have investments. We made investments in capacity. And we are prepared to support the growth. As a matter of fact, we have to anticipate some capacity investments because the growth of the category has surpassed our expectations. So even in a COVID year like 2020, we saw growth of that category. So that is one of the drivers. 
The other one, Marcus, that you mentioned is the pump. We're all excited about it. But I don't speak on behalf of agencies across the globe. We are filing with the FDA, hopefully, by the end of the first quarter as we prepare the documentation. We have worked collaboratively. I don't speak on behalf of the agency. I can't predict what the agency is going to do. On our side that we control, we will do the best we can to have this all filed. And if we need to make adjustments across the globe with other friends, we will. We are very -- we're confident that we can launch the NOVUM in 2021. It's a new platform. It's an open architecture platform and we have great hopes for this product. 
We also have new pharmaceutical molecules. They are launching this year, but just going back and looking, the launch of Myxredlin was impacted by COVID-19 in 2020. We think that with the exit, momentum of December -- November and December, we see this molecule gaining momentum. We have a lot of new accounts signed up. So I think we're getting there, and we are in place right now that we don't speak about cyclophosphamide anymore. So we were able to do what we wanted to do, which is to change the mix of the Pharmaceutical business. That is one that we continue to invest organic and inorganically as well. 
I think a couple of other things, if I think about the P&L, the gross margin improvement driven by supply chain is one that we are laser focused. Jay has spoken about our digital transformation, which will affect our G&A and how we do business. And also, I think the cash in the balance sheet is a great advantage to us, either on the M&A point of view with small gains or perhaps large ones. But if nothing comes above the large ones, we will return the money to the shareholders, creating value as well. So I think, altogether, it shows a good breath of optimism and success for Baxter.

Jay, you can take it perhaps.

Joanne, we think that the launch plans are set. We do not promote products which are not approved. So we -- but we have an idea of what is the replacement rates on the marketplace. We also understand the frustration of some of the customers who have competitive product on the aging of the platform.
So we think -- we put our plans based on that. I think there were some stockpiling in terms of pumps in some parts of the world. But the cycle to replace old platforms, either 7, 8 or 9 years, depends upon how a hospital sees that is still there. So I believe that our new pump will create the momentum and the impetus perhaps for a hospital to look at that.
We do have the plans. We're not going to speak about the plans, but we do have the plans. But more importantly, we do not promote a product prior to its approval.

Thank you, Bob. The resubmission, when I say hopefully, is because we are working on the time line. We have plans and everything is in place to execute this by the end of Q1. We were more hopeful in first -- second -- third quarter last year to submit it faster. But I think slowing down to speed up was wise decision by Baxter.
We had contact with the FDA, and that contact has been very collaborative to the point that we understood some of the things that we had to prepare in more detail. So instead of rushing to get something in, we worked with the agency, continue to very collaboratively. So we have what is needed for them to evaluate the pump. 
So every time that I think about of any plans in the future, like this submission is I'm very, very optimistic, and I have the confirmation from our executives that this is going to happen. But I always say hopefully, because I think things happen that we don't anticipate. But at this moment, I don't see anything that would prevent us create -- from filing this at the end of the first quarter. I want to make sure that, that's clear. 
On your other question on COVID, there are structural changes in the market, primarily how people see care. But more importantly is how long is this COVID pandemic and preventive measures will stick with us and how long the herd immunity -- it will takes us to get herd immunity and people feel more comfortable doing things differently. 
I think there's a huge adaptability that we're seeing. Hospitals have these separate wards. And we believe that there are some changes in how people consult with their primary care physicians. People who have cancer, unfortunately need infusion. They need infusion, they either needed to go to an infusion center or they need to go home and have it then in a place that is safe.
People who need surgery, they will need to have the surgery, no matter what, otherwise, they go in and they're sicker later. People who need to be admitted because they have issues, they need to -- so I believe that the return of the pre COVID will happen with changes in technology that will allow for better triage. 
I want to point to the home because this is a part that people sometimes are forgetting. We look a lot of that acute side, but their home treatments are the ones that I think will gain prevalence and will gain preference. In Baxter, being a home care company in the ESRD space plays well for our PD business. And we've seen that. Even with issues that we saw in 2020 with reduction in patient census, we still see momentum of that therapy mode, and we are very focused on that. 
So that is the momentum that has shifted. When it got to Baxter, the growth of PD was at ESRD or lower in most places in the world. And today, I see that reversing. And I think COVID is an affirmation that those changes are ahead.

David, the ETC is a positive. And we are looking at the rebound in 2021 of patient census. That's our prediction, our forecast. So we're seeing that going up to high single digits. So that is a positive. And as I said before, when I first joined Baxter, our census was at best ESRD average growth, and we are seeing this to be higher than that. 
Now the growth like fully expected. I will see 2022, it is where we take off on this and becomes fully realized. 2021, because the first quarter is still a COVID environment, you'll see a little reduction, but then it's going to pick up. And we've seen the pickup also not only in the U.S., but in Latin America and China and other places that we're strong in peritoneal dialysis. So all in all, 2021 is a rebound year, fully realizing growth in 2022. 
Second, on your question on mortality, it is -- we saw increase in mortality due to the situation of COVID. As that ameliorates into 2021, we probably should see the reversal of that. And remember, we are a big company in the U.S. We are an HD, hemodialysis, company outside the U.S. as well, but we have -- we've seen that mortality affect the business, which we think will be reversed in 2021. That's why 2021 is a rebound year with full realization in 2022.

Pito, We saw mortality to be less for us than perhaps for other providers of service center when it comes to PD in the U.S., okay? So that is a fact. The other thing is we saw fourth quarter slowdown because the rampant aspect of the pandemic in Q4, that was tremendously -- that was filling up hospitals. And how do you get PDs and insertion of a catheter, that surgery, and people have to go to the hospital. 
Despite the fact the association said that to be an emergency surgery, some people just did not have the capacity to do it or did not have the time to go into a hospital queue to get it done. 
So I think Q4 was depressed by the pandemic without a doubt. How do we see the mix shift going into 2021, as you become -- as the cases go down, vaccination becomes more prevalent, primarily on people who are highly at risk like patients in the ESRD, and you see all the protocols from the CDC to vaccinate folks like that first. So you will see probably these folks going back, the people going back into PD modality into 2021, like I answered today that we see a rebound in 2021 with full realization of that in 2022. 
And this is what our forecast, our viewing this is that this is 300 to 400 basis points above the ESRD average PD. So it is -- we're starting to see growth. We saw growth before, and we will continue because PD starting to see the growth. You just need to understand that 2021 will be a little bit of a transition in the beginning of the year and picking up towards the end of the year when you have more herd immunity.

The incidence has come down because the access to health care was also impacted in the very beginning and they carried through, probably got a little better during the summer months and late spring, summer months. But as we got into the fall, things became more difficult as people became more isolated due to all the protocols for  lockdowns. So I believe the delay visits were the major driver of that. 
But you see that they will pick up as we are starting to see less cases. This will normalize, as I said before. Look at the first quarter and first half of this year as a transition, then moves into an acceleration into the third and fourth quarter because of the herd immunity and vaccination.

Danielle, we -- if you just do a rough math on the rule on the ETC, you see that you need to be at high single digits or very low double digits to be able to get to the demonstration of results to get what the rule has set to be achieved for home therapies, right, to have the same -- to have other indicators for transplants and things like that. So if we think about that, and take 2020 as the year where things have slowed down, you eventually catch up in 2021, realize full growth in 2022. And this has been -- like I said, we think this is going to be high single digits, low -- sometimes low double-digit growth for the PD business. 
So we believe that, that opportunity is there and will be realized. This would be realized. So think about the PD penetration, to answer your question directly, being about 20% over the time period, okay?

Thank you. We finished our first phase in proving the technology. We did clinicals on that. We proved the technology work -- the technology works. We're happy with that. We are putting that as in a second development plan, meaning we're decelerating that development and accelerating a new cycle because we believe despite the fact we would benefit from a point-of-care, we've got to get a cycler that it has more affordability and more global in nature.
So we're putting our resources in what we call our new project, [ Project UNO ], which we are very excited about it. It's 3 to 3.5 years in the making in the future, but that is something that we need more urgently than point-of-care. And so that technology point-of-care is proven, we can deliver that. 
More importantly for Baxter right now was to immediately make some capacity investments, which we did, and to be able to attend our customers. Second is to develop a cycler, which is global in nature and more affordable. So that is something that we'll provide to our customers on a global basis. If you think about automatically -- automatic PD is only done in countries which have higher income per capita. And so -- but the incidence is actually not only in those countries. It's across the globe. And I think, to have a more affordable product, it is the mission of the company. And so we took -- that took precedence over rolling out on-demand fluid making. But we can make it, we've proven, and we will activate when we think it's best.

The NOVUM IQ, when I say hopefully, it's because we are engaged and we'll get it done. I'm hopeful because if something comes up, we always address what needs to be. So we're not going to rush in filing for something if we're not ready. But I have to affirm to you guys, as far as I'm sitting here today, as far as I know, everything is ready and right to file at the end of the quarter. That I can tell you. What I cannot tell you is how long will take the FDA to review it. We know that there is a fixed amount of time, but we know the questions. We've been working closely with them because we want to do the best job we can in answering all the questions beforehand. But nevertheless, the process is somehow predictable, but is not the right -- it's not my right to predict what the FDA is going to do. 
So I want to make sure that you know that we are very hopeful for this product. We're going to launch this product this year, assuming the FDA approves the product in the U.S. And as far I'm sitting here today, as far as the information I have, we are ready -- we will be ready to file with the FDA at the end of the quarter.

Please.