Thank you, Clare, and good morning to everyone joining us. I'm going to share a few comments on our second quarter performance, then Jay will walk through the financials and guidance in more detail. And we will close, as always, by taking your questions. 
I would like to start by saying how energizing it was meeting with so many of you face-to-face at our investor conference. Thanks also to those of you who attended online or watched the replay. Our team was excited to share the next chapter in Baxter's story, our progress to date and more importantly, our opportunities and outlook ahead. 
We set a clear path to deliver approximately 5% compounded annual growth through 2023. We will accomplish this objective by building on the strength of our base business and accelerating innovation. As we shared at the conference, we plan to introduce new therapies and products that I expect to contribute approximately $1.7 billion of sales by 2023. 
At the same time, we remained relentless focus on re-enhancing operational efficiency to deliver increased value to shareholders. And we will augment this performance with business development, expanding into new adjacencies and unlocking new markets to drive incremental value for all the stakeholders. 
Now turning to the quarter, second quarter 2018 sales were up 9% on a reported basis, 5% on a constant currency basis and 4% operationally. Second quarter operational sales adjust for the impact of foreign exchange, generic competition for cyclophosphamide in the U.S., the Claris acquisition and our acquisition of 2 surgical products from Mallinckrodt. The strength in the quarter was driven by double-digit growth in our pharmaceuticals business, which benefited from increased sales of injectable pharmaceuticals in the U.S., and the addition of Claris, which contributed $33 million of sales in the quarter. 
We also experienced double-digit growth in our advanced surgery business, driven by solid international performance and the addition of RECOTHROM and PREVELEAK, which contributed $17 million of sales during the quarter. Our acute therapies business continued to deliver double-digit growth for the company, performance in the quarter was driven by 20% growth in the U.S., where we remain focused on increasing CRRT adoption and securing new customers. 
Increased demand for our contract manufacturing services as well as solid growth in our renal care business also contributed to growth in the quarter. This momentum helped to offset declines in medication delivery and clinical nutrition. Digging into this specific performance a bit further, with respect to large volume parenterals or LVPs, we continued to gain new customers in U.S. following the reallocation of volume from Mexico to the U.S. But the update in timing of these additions has been somewhat slower than anticipated. We are confident in our ability to continue to gain additional new customers in the second half of the year.
Performance in medication delivery was also impacted by the lower sales of small volume parenterals or SVPs in the quarter. While production volumes continue to improve, supply of these products has remained tight. As such, we were unable to restore our distribution partners back to pre-hurricane supply levels for all SVP product codes during the quarter. Given current production levels, we expect this supply dynamic for SVPs to improve in the coming weeks. 
For our nutritional therapies, we have experienced a delay in customers returning to their historical purchasing patterns that preceded Hurricane Maria. Our marketing teams are working closely with our customers to reinforce availability of products and recapture those sales. 
Overall, our sales performance conveys the strategic benefits of our diversified portfolio, helping ensure that temporary headwinds in certain areas are counterbalanced by performance, company-wide. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share was $0.77, a 22% year-over-year increase. This reflects the impact of our top line growth as well as the ongoing impact of our business transformation initiatives. 
At the Investor Conference, we emphasized that product innovation is central to our go-forward growth strategy. Some key recent highlights reflect this commitment: expansion of the company's medication delivery portfolio with 2 new innovative drug infusion pumps, FDA and Health Canada approvals of the Spectrum IQ infusion system, with Dose IQ Safety Software, our latest smart-pump platform features bidirectional EMR integration and other enhancements to help reduce programming errors and enhance patient safety; CE marking for the Evo IQ Infusion System in the United Kingdom and Ireland, representing the first in a series of planned regulatory submissions internationally. 
In Canada, we advanced the launch of a new indication for our oXiris set. oXiris is the first blood purification set that can be used in continuous renal replacement therapy, CRRT, and sepsis management protocols, and it is now approved in more than 30 countries. And we introduced key program updates for our SHARESOURCE remote patient management platform to support greater accessibility and efficiencies in remotely viewing PD patient data. 
Another theme at the Investor Conference was addressing our untapped potential in Japan. In Q2, we continued the successful rollout of our KAGUYA APD system with embedded SHARESOURCE technology, which targets Japan's unique market needs. Plus, we have recently initiated the launch of our PRISMAFLEX system, which positions Baxter in Japan as the only comprehensive one-stop partner in the acute care space. 
Before closing, I would quickly share a few words about Claris. As you know, last week, the FDA released a warning letter regarding our legacy Claris injectables facility in Ahmedabad, India. The FDA initiated a site inspection at the time of the closing of our Claris acquisition, which took place 1 year ago this week. We have already taken many corrective actions in response to the FDA's original Form 483 observations. We are continuing to undertake actions and facility improvements as we integrate Ahmedabad into our Baxter quality systems. The Claris deal is an important platform for the expansion of our pharmaceuticals portfolio and pipeline. 
Financial results over the past year have tightly aligned with our expectations. And as indicated in our 8-K, we don't currently expect for the warning letter to have any material impact on our long-range financial outlook issued this past May. We are continuing to invest in Ahmedabad to expand local capabilities, technologies and expertise. We have made solid progress, and we'll continue working with FDA to ensure all outstanding observations are resolved as quickly and comprehensively as possible. 
In closing, we are pleased with our second quarter performance, which demonstrated the strength of our diversified portfolio. We remain squarely focused on increasing innovation and in strategically deploying capital to further accelerate our performance, always support of delivering even greater value for patients and investors. 
I would now pass it to Jay for more details on our Q2 results and outlook for the balance of 2018.

I'm going to break this question into 3 areas, so it becomes easier for us to speak about. LVP is the large volume parenterals. We have categorically not lost 1 point of share or 1 customer. We just were slower to convert new beds. We are converting new beds, as a matter of fact, we converted a significant amount of beds but late in the quarter, did not feel the effect. We also had just taken a large OEM customer from the -- from a competitor, and we did this just now in early July, okay? So what -- we were not fast enough. Coming off the hurricane, we've got our volume repositioned. We've got a supply chain with a significant amount of flexibility, and we do have now the ability to direct our volumes, not only to the U.S. but at any place in the world that we need volume. So that, I feel very comfortable. Our team is just taking a little longer, and I feel that we were going to be able to get there in the second half. Just so you know, there was about 16% of growth in the first half of the year in LVPs. So you know. 16% growth in the first half of the year. We were slower in the second quarter, probably some bleed of the inventory and are slow -- and we were slow in picking up new customers. But categorically speaking, we have not lost 1 customer and 1 point of market share. When it comes to SVP or small volume parenteral, Bob, you might do -- mute your line. So there's a -- there is a significant amount of -- thank you, perfect. The SVPs, we are in tight supply level, recovering now quite fast. So these are Mini-Bags and Mini-Bag Pluses. Plus, these products are designed to reconstitute pharmaceutical APIs, okay? So we were now in channel. Meaning, Cardinal, Owens and Medline, people who distribute our products, now we have Mini-Bags into that channel. Mini-Bag Plus is not yet there. It's going to get there in September. Meaning is that when it gets into the channel, you get volume because some of these customers will not buy directly from us. But we have to take them off the channel because we were short supply. So we also are putting these products in more than 100% allocation. And we hope, by the end of the year, early next year, Mini-Bag Plus and Mini-Bags will be off allocation. So 1 point on allocation, LVPs are 100% out of allocation. No more allocation are up for LVPs. Let's now cover the nutrition side. The nutrition side is the part that we had the worst supply issues during the hurricane, those amino acids and other nutrients. Those are slow -- we're feeling those are slower to pick up. Those are practiced changes in hospitals. We are market leaders, and we feel that they will be probably the slowest ones to tick up on the ramp up curve. It's the smallest business that we have among them all. But we feel confident that the next 6 to 8 months, we'll be able to get back into our course. It's a slower process to recover than the SVPs and LVPs. I hope that has clarified some of the questions that you and some other colleagues may have in this area.

Bob, this is Joe. It is correct. In terms of quantification, we prefer not to get into the number of customers and things like this. I'll just give you just a bit of reference. We will probably convert approximately 4,000 beds in the second half of the year, okay? And we did about the same number in the first half. But most of that happened in the first quarter, not the second quarter. But just gave you numbers for reference, and I will stop here.

Robbie, the strategy of pharmaceutical is, one, to use the strength of the company in its formulation and drug delivery technologies. And it always comes back to our ability to make products consistently like cyclo, like BREVIBLOC and other drugs that are -- the generics and the competition is coming, but people have a hard time consistently making this product. So hence, the strategy that we placed in front of you guys in the -- in our Investor Day in May. It's important that we continue to expand our pharmaceutical business in tough to make molecules, cytotoxic, oncolytics. Because despite the fact that other people have the desire to get in, they don't make it consistently. So right now, there is another competitor in cyclophosphamide in the market. In BREVIBLOC, there is one coming in the month of September. And we've planned another one coming in cyclo at the end of the year. As you can see, we continue to sell cyclophosphamide. We haven't seen the one that was approved coming to the market. I think it's just a matter of time. But we have the advantage of having a consistent production of this product. And I think our team here in the U.S. has done a wonderful job, really creating the commercial opportunities to make this business more reliant on us than other people and more resilient. As you can see this business, we have spoken about this cyclophosphamide issue 2 years, 3 years ago. And we're still making the product and making a lot of money when we sell it, and we will continue to do it as long as the competitors are not getting -- or hesitant in getting the market. But I want the folks to understand that Baxter has unique capabilities, and that's the reason why we're doubling down in pharmaceuticals. We -- now we, at this moment in time, we are planning for a second cyclo to come in -- it's a third because Sandoz is already on the market. Another 2 coming in, 1 just came in, another one at the end of the year and BREVIBLOC coming in September. Those numbers are baked into our forecast and estimates.

Thank you, Robbie. Listen, our intention is as is -- it's very easy to buy shares back and we have the cash, and we've been doing a good job at that. But our intention on working very hard is actually to deploy capital in acquisitions that will positively impact the business. And we have 3 thresholds that we have to cross when it comes to acquisitions. One is sustainable revenue growth. It has to be accretive to Baxter's growth at minimum. Stronger market position and leadership and accretive to Baxter's current margins and clear path to drive margin improvements. So -- and this is not about size, it can be a niche or it can be a large market company. We are looking at significant amount of opportunities as we speak to expand Baxter's adjacencies and even looking at other opportunities that are, at the moment, available. So we want to make sure that we deploy the capital where the returns to the market can count on Baxter to return. Our execution is starting to get really good. Even with the setback that we had on the 483 at Claris, we're executing on that business extremely well. Not only that, we not only covered a vast majority of the things that the FDA wrote us up for but also have improved significantly the operation and capacity at the plant, and you can see we're up 20% on sales that came into Baxter's acquisition. The same thing with Mallinckrodt. So we're starting to get the execution in Baxter now, with an SG&A between 21% and 22% and probably next year, going sub-21%. We will be able to integrate much better acquisitions in our systems and everything else. So we need to find a good opportunity for Baxter. We're looking forward to do it, and we have the capacity and the capability to do so.

The environment is not bad. I think you still have low single-digit growth but consistent growth. We see no less admissions. You always have the seasonality. And now in the mid of the summer, people will not voluntarily sometimes go through for procedures. And this is not a heavy time of the year, primarily for most of the Baxter products, which are related to the times to flu and heavy hospitalization in general. But we see the U.S. market as a healthy, healthy market. We'll continue to see consolidation on the provider side. And I think a lot of movement in the payer provider area. So -- but in terms of population being treated, it's a healthy market, and it's a good market to be part of.

Yes. Let me start with the KAGUYA launch in Japan. We are excited about that. We are -- we're slightly ahead of our plan to the point that we had, actually, to accelerate some purchase of production equipment at our partner to be able to supply the market. So it is a super exciting market, Japan, because it's a high-paying market with very, very low penetration of peritoneal dialysis. So we're starting to see some good movement there. We just launched our Spectrum V9 in the U.S. We converted 1 account and a significant prospect of accounts coming up. So this is -- our U.S. team or Scott Luce and his team in the U.S. need to execute now in the second half, bringing new customers and some conversions to the table on the V9. Evo IQ and -- is our new pump outside the U.S. The first time in, I think, 15 or 17 years since we launched a new product outside the U.S. when it comes to pumps. We were growing and not only secure our current base of products in the U.K., Australia, New Zealand and Ireland, but we also plan to gain market share there. So we have now an installed base of COLLEAGUE pumps, the name of the best, that is still being used outside the U.S. And this product was launched in partnership with a company outside the U.S. We were able to bring this product to the market with the Baxter trademark points, meaning some of the features that we have in our pump is built into this product in [ 18 months ]. So we're excited about that as well. We have PRISMAFLEX in Japan. We're now a comprehensive player in Japan. We also have PrisMAX in Europe in Q4 and more stuff coming in 2019. So we're excited about -- this is a Baxter that we haven't seen in many years, with so many launches. Now it's on us to execute.

We are -- we have presented to you the adjacencies that makes sense to us, right? So we are strong in hospital, we're strong in home. So we have that channels, we have the key account management. But also, in terms of bringing synergies to the market, we have the capability now with one of the industry's lowest SG&A, okay? So I feel that we bring that part, and we also bring the commercial ability to grow businesses. I -- we like parts of surgery, but more so, we like hospital supplies. We also like some niche products into the doctor's office in areas that may bring some of our expertise in all the setting. So we now have some very interesting things that we're looking at, some a little different than others, but it is not a lack of desire and a lack of opportunity now, and then it boils down to value. And hopefully, we can cross that bridge because value is one of the things that we continue to be focused on despite the fact that we need to meet the 3 criteria that I just outlined before at Robbie's question.

Long-range plan, as it says, is long-range. So we still -- we remain confident in our ability to meet those numbers, first of all. For several reasons, I outlined a series of new products we're launching and our effectiveness in doing so. We also have market share leadership in many areas of care that we participate. So one quarter doesn't give you the right picture for the long-range because if you think about the mix of products that Baxter is going to have in 2023, it is going to be different than what we have today. So it's going to be focused on 100-plus molecules in pharmaceuticals. It's going to have significant presence in the ICU. It's going to be in the specialty monitoring with our pumps. So things that we don't have today. So our confidence in achieving the plan on the base business is solid. We have no questions about that. The part that we need to execute and we need to launch and I'm feeling confident because the amount of products coming onto the market is the technology and the innovation. And the third piece of it is really capital deployment, so we can get that thing done correctly and continue to augment because I'm starting to feel more confident in our ability to take really tough stuff, like Claris, and turn things around and -- as we use that asset as well as tuck-in acquisitions. But I feel comfortable with a solid confidence on our LRP.

Well, we'll start, David, from the back -- from the end of your question. No, no price dynamics. These are long-term contracts. As a matter of fact, of the 3 GPOs that are in the market today, the largest ones, we have 2 already re-signed with us, and we're going to continue to re-sign customers under them, extending the longevity of this contract. So the price -- and the price that is built in is a modest increase, just to maintain with the inflation or maintain up to a certain index. So it's not the pricing that would change the dynamics and -- at least in the next 4 to 5 years because accounts actually are 5 and some have extensions built in, they go up to 7. The availability of other competitors, I would assume that one of the competitors who had a -- which had a significant issue with capacity, will come back to the market. I don't doubt that. But the contracts are locked. So for us, right now, we're picking up beds that are available. But also importantly, is to supply what most of you don't -- probably did not recognize, there's a large OEM opportunity that is out there, and we just signed one not too long ago. That brings a significant volume into Baxter from somebody else. And when that is locked, it's locked for many years. So in everything, David, it has to do with consistency of manufacturing and distribution. And I feel absolutely comfortable with our plant in North Cove, doing a wonderful job, really a wonderful job. A plant manager came in, Jon Rushford, about a year ago and has really transformed the culture of that place. Secondly, getting the network in Latin America now to be flexible that I can ship into the U.S. if I need or I can revert back to Latin America or go to Europe if I need and vice versa. That creates a unique advantage to Baxter. Not putting any of our competitors down, but we bring a different dimension of supply stability and partnership to this market.

I'm surprised that you're confused on our accents. Jay has a New York accent, and I have a Brazilian accent.

Isaac, it's very relevant. As a matter of fact, I don't -- I think all of our future contracts, there will be some kind of clause that has a guarantee of certain volume or more penalties if you don't provide the volume. And we like that. And now we're in a comfortable position because I think spot market sellers are very opportunistic, but they may not be able to provide for the longer-term. I think with us, on the LVPs and SVPs, we are getting to a lot of contracts that have that language. I feel very comfortable in the LVPs. The SVPs, we're going to get more comfortable towards the end of the year. And towards the mid- to late '19, we're going to have more Mini-Bag Plus capacity in different locations as well, in 2 different locations, 1 coming up this December, coming from Europe, and then 1 in the Americas. New capacity for Mini-Bag Plus that can be altered between Mini-Bag Plus and Mini-Bags. So for us, having capacity on long-term contracts assure us in a tough, tough situation that happens more often than people think, which is the flu season is already hitting places like Brazil right now, we need to have solutions. And last year, it was a good lesson, I think, for the industry and for us in terms of how to be more prepared and have contingencies in place. We've been working very hard as well with the FDA to get redundancy for emergencies and things like that. But that plays a role in the contract because having that clause in the contract makes our customers more at ease with -- in a situation of a crisis and allows us also to plan for the longer-term.

Well, we will not do anything much different than we've been doing in the last 12 months. We are relentless working in correcting all the observations by the FDA in things that we, as Baxter, our Baxter quality system calls for. That was different before, by the way. So we are converting their documentation systems. We have -- we've built a significant amount of the plant. We have new air handling systems. We have a bunch of different things that we've been doing in preparing the plant really to be a great plant for Baxter. It is already doing well in terms of exceeding our expectations in sales in the short term. But we have a backup plan. If we cannot get to the new molecules fast enough, we're looking for CMOs that would be able to come in and get the APIs in, so we can finish the product someplace else. So we do have backup plans for that. But I have to say that our quality team, led by Jackie Kunzler; our operations team by Scott Pleau, they are squarely focused in making sure that, that plant work with the best it can to have a successful series of inspections by the FDA. Because it's not one inspection. You have to have a series of successful inspections. So we can get into the launching phase of the acquisition, launching product phase of the acquisition.

Okay. Let me take the emerging markets first, and Jay will close the call, answering your question. We, right now, are looking at the emerging markets of close to 5%, our outlook for the year, with significant and good growth in China, close to 8%; Eastern Europe, over 6%; and Emerging Asia, close to 5%. I think -- don't forget, we call it emerging markets, but those are 23% of our sales okay? So they are not as emerging as one may think. I'm particularly happy with China. I think China is a place that we haven't spoken much about. We took a lot -- talked a lot about Japan, but China is a country that within our long-range plan, we will exceed $1 billion, and we feel excited about that business. So I think the Two-Invoice System in China and how some changes in regulatory in China are not concerning by our watch-outs, but I think those are the things that the industry and us will overcome. It's still a significant opportunity. It's still a great market. And I think Baxter is well positioned because it has a strong team in China. So great leadership there. As a matter of fact, we're going to be there next week, doing a Growth Summit to make sure we can get even more growth in new white space opportunities within our Chinese group. So now, Jay?