Thank you, Clare, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. I hope that you and your families are healthy and safe. Like the last quarter, I want to begin by recognizing all of the health care providers and the first responders who continue to work tirelessly in combating COVID-19. Our deep appreciation also goes to all the clinicians and researchers who are advancing knowledge, treatment and promising vaccine candidates to address this global pandemic.
Three months ago, we were hoping to see some easing in the trajectory of this deadly pandemic by now. Sadly, while the hotspots may have shifted, the infection rates and impact remain staggering. Baxter's second quarter performance reflects the evolving impact of pandemic conditions on the global health care landscape and on our own operations.
As you saw in today's press release, Baxter reported a year-over-year decline in both net sales and earnings in Q2 2020. While demand for certain pandemic-related treatments and technologies reached historic highs within the quarter, we also saw a negative impact on our results from significantly lower rates of hospital admissions and a reduction in elective procedures. The implementation of various shelter-in-place initiatives globally as well as patient concerns regarding potential COVID-19 infection risk in the health care setting contributed to these trends.
During the quarter, we continued to experience significantly heightened demand for our Acute Therapies products due to COVID-19. According to a number of third-party sources, 20% to 30% of COVID-19 ICU patients will develop acute kidney injuries, requiring treatment with a renal replacement therapy, of which continuous renal replacement therapy, or CRRT, is the preferred option.
In addition, our chronic Renal Care business continues to deliver sustained mid-single-digit constant currency growth in peritoneal dialysis product portfolio. We continue to highlight the advantages of peritoneal dialysis therapies plus our Sharesource telehealth technology as clinicians and patients look to home-based treatment to limit the risks of potential pandemic exposure.
This positive performance in Acute Therapies and Renal Care as well as growth in our Clinical Nutrition business, partially had year-over-year sales declines in Medication Delivery, Pharmaceuticals and Advanced Surgery. Results for these businesses reflect the negative impact in the quarter, resulting from a decline in U.S. hospital admissions of over 20% and a reduction in U.S. surgical volumes of more than 30%. The rate of these declines was similar to what we observed in both our European, primarily Western Europe, and Latin American markets during the quarter.
Our Asia Pacific business, particularly our business in China, slowly began to recover in the second quarter. While we do expect sequential improvement in both admissions and elective procedures globally, our current assumption is that both metrics will remain below prior year levels and could be further negatively impacted by COVID resurgences in markets around the world.
Sales in the second quarter also reflected pull-forward of demand into the first quarter where we saw generally more aggressive ordering and stocking patterns among hospitals and distributors, reflecting elevated uncertainty amid the pandemic's early rapid global spread.
While the current environment remains deeply uncertain, as of the end of the second quarter, we have been able to renormalize production and inventory of high demand products and have reduced the need for round-the-clock manufacturing.
We also have been able to wind down our use of supplemental expedited shipping methods, which played an essential role in accelerating product availability early in the pandemic. Baxter's resilience at this unprecedented moment continues to be bolstered by the diversity and medically essential nature of our products, combined with our market-leading positions.
Similarly, our broad geographic footprint supports balance and stability, helping counter the risks of overexposure to a more limited range of geographies. The continuing momentum of our business transformation also helps to strengthen our market position. Baxter's enhanced efficiency, speed and agility are clearly helping us navigate the impact of COVID-19. And that is just one variable we are addressing.
As we anticipate a challenging hurricane season, we're leveraging our learnings on enhanced operational effectiveness for maintaining steady supply as the season unfolds. Meanwhile, we remain steadfastly focused on driving growth through innovation.
Recent weeks have seen the launch of our new EVO IQ Syringe Infusion System in the U.K. and Australia, FDA clearance of our Altapore Shape Bioactive Bone Graft and the publication of new positive data in the journal CHEST, involving our Starling Fluid Management Monitoring System.
Looking ahead, additional pipeline highlights include our NOVUM IQ Smart Pump Technology, Sharesource Analytics and additional differentiated generic injectables. In all of these efforts, our people remain our ultimate resource and differentiating strength. I'm working closely with some of the most talented and dedicated colleagues I have known. Our customer satisfaction rates as recently captured in the highest average Net Promoter Scores Baxter has recorded globally further speaks to our efforts during this period.
Together, this team has helped advance dramatic change and will continue to do so. This includes new initiatives to advance racial justice within Baxter and among the communities and markets we serve. I'm proud of what we have achieved to date across our business and our culture. But even more importantly, I'm energized by our ability to address various market challenges and accomplishes still more for our patients, shareholders, employees in the diverse communities we serve.
Now I will pass it to Jay for a closer look at our second quarter results and outlook for the balance of the year.

Robbie, this is Joe. We had expected that -- and positively for primarily the U.S. and Europe, the widespread or shelter-in-place initiatives and concerns in the beginning of April really reduced hospital admissions. People were fearful to go to hospitals, but the shelter-in-place put a reduction in place of cases along -- if you remember, along the curve for the month of April and May sequentially. Those things combined created pressure on hospital admissions.
So let me explain to the folks on the phone that Baxter is a little different than what you think of our peers are. We are dependent
[Audio Gap]
by that. Hospital admissions drive another portion of our business. And home care, primarily the dialysis business drives that too. So different than many of the peers that you usually cite, Baxter is not an elective procedure-dependent company. Hence, our resilience, hence, our performance this quarter was slightly below our expectations. But it showed to be more resilient than double-digit decline that you saw in many of our peers who reported already. And the reason for that is that we have business like acute renal care and peritoneal dialysis, which are doing extremely well for different reasons. What suffers in Baxter is the business of operating room procedures, you see, with anesthetic gases. The Pharmaceutical business is down double digits versus prior year. That is mainly driven by anesthetic gases and the lack of use of some injectable medicines that would be used in general -- on the general floor for alleviating urosis.
Admissions to hospitals saw a double-digit decline in the second quarter. So that created the pressure that you see in our numbers. We also -- transposing to your question now, we have done an extensive work on modeling with a significant amount of inputs created our own way of understanding the market. And we see in our model a modest sequential improvement. That's why we felt a bit more comfortable in giving guidance. But if you notice our guidance, it's pretty wide. And it contemplates a significant amount of variables that we have in place. But if you boil down to what variables drive Baxter business is the home care business, is admissions into ICU, general admissions into hospitals and the operating room affects our business, primarily the anesthetic gases and Advanced Surgery.

Okay. David, we carried after we received the news from CMS. We had several exchanges with them related to our submission, and we keep them abreast of the -- some rapid change environment in the THERANOVA. We will submit the comments to CMS by September 4. And we plan to address CMS' issues as well as provide new information to them since our January 2020 filing. I would say that the information will include publications of our FDA clearance trial, a randomized controlled trial with the U.S. Medicare patients, also set to be published in September in a peer-reviewed journal. Our FDA market authorization status will be shared with them and an update on our companion of studies. They include posters recently presented at some conferences in June 2020 as well as newly published manuscripts already shared with CMS. We're confident we can address the CMS issues. This is not our decision, it's theirs. So I don't want to speak on behalf of CMS. But in terms of addressing what was present to us, we think we can do it as well.

David, I can't speak on behalf of CMS. My confidence is very high that we'll be able to address the questions that they posed as well with meta-analysis that we're doing, but that doesn't mean that they're going to make a decision one way or the other, I can't predict that. But I can tell you from our behalf that we are confident that we can produce all the product -- all the data and documents that seems that they are not complete from their perspective.

I will take -- I was going to -- David, your question was very long. Can you repeat the -- I would take the first part...

The surgical procedures, and Jay will take the second part. The surgical procedures, we see improvement -- slight improvement quarter-over-quarter. We actually -- we don't comment intra-quarter, but today, I'm going to make an exception and tell you that we're seeing a slight improvement in procedure volume into the
[Audio Gap]
For me to sit here today and affirm that we're going to have positive growth in the fourth quarter is very difficult. We don't know what's ahead of us. I don't question other companies' ability to do that. From our perspective, growth is anything above 0, right? So if that is the case, there is a possibility, but I tell you is a possibility. I'm not going to be sitting here today affirming that procedure growth is going to be positive in the fourth quarter. We got to have a better understanding how we are controlling the hotspots in the U.S. and Europe were the major drivers of procedure growth as well as how the vaccine will impact the immunity of large swath of the population that would be ready for surgeries. So I would say to you, there is a possibility for growth in the fourth quarter, but we are not affirming that in terms of guidance. It's just an opinion.

I was just going to add that to all of you on the call, not only to David's question, is Baxter has ultimate responsibility to our patients and our customers. So for us, having inventory on the shelf is incredibly important because as we saw during the peak of the pandemic in the Northeast, we were having volumes that were reaching 500% of our ability to produce and having that inventory independent of government stockpiles is important for us to have it. The same applied for IV solutions. All of you've probably noticed, there was not a shortage of IV solutions in any markets that we serve. And one of the reasons for that is because we prepared well.
As the tropical storm is hitting Puerto Rico, as we speak today, I feel very upset about that. Something we can't control because the people in Puerto Rico had suffered enough maladies and issues with weather and hurricanes and earthquakes. But nevertheless, we do have sufficient inventory in -- on the shelf to withstand any situation that hit us in the Caribbean. So we will carry that inventory level for a while. We will then reduce appropriately, and we are starting to reduce in some areas.
Listen, there is nobody more interested to take the $150 million out of our P&L than I am. And we'll do it as soon as we can. We have actions in place right now. We have significant actions in place, including some changes in staffing some of our plants that had -- needed to increase staff for the peak of the pandemic in the Northeast, and we'll do it responsibly.

Pito, listen, we are very focused on
[Audio Gap]
business that had 5-plus percent growth in the quarter. The U.S. experienced 8% growth. We had also high growth in Asia. Europe is a spot that has not grown to our expectations. But I think some of that was related to the Middle East, the emerging markets of Europe. Europe -- Western Europe itself actually did pretty well. So we -- first of all, I don't know if you remember that peritoneal catheters were deemed to be emergency surgery. So they were being performed in several hospitals in the U.S. The growth of our business is very encouraging. As you know, we ramped up our production of peritoneal dialysis supplies. We are implementing capital right now to shore it up.
I think the dynamics of the home therapies is really something that finally is coming to the surface as a great advantage and vis-à-vis in a crisis like we just had. So we are very excited about this business. I think our partners are excited about this business. And you can see by the growth even in the middle of the worst quarter for this pandemic, the U.S. has 8% growth. So it's -- that's one of the things I talk about our business is its resilience and its reliance on different sectors of the health care continuum of care that help us mitigate some of the most acute issues of hospital admissions as well as the pandemic effects on the whole -- the entire health care system.

Yes, we can, Bob.

Largely, if not 100% related to the pandemic, to the hospital sensors, okay? We did not see any competitive threat in this -- in the pump area. As a matter of fact, I think we did as expected in terms of pump sales that we had predicted internally to the company. We don't disclose that specific target. So as we also have launched pumps outside the U.S. EVO IQ is launched outside U.S., the syringe pump. So we're starting to have a global portfolio of pumps, as you know. And we've been advancing in the U.S., our current SIGMA SPECTRUM. And we're looking forward to hear from the FDA on our new pump platform, which we hope to hear some time in September.

Vijay, we -- our long-term perspective for our business as we had outlined in our prepared remarks has changed. What we look at the R&D portfolio of the company, there are some puts and takes, but we don't see great change from the original plan that we had in place. There are puts and takes, the things that came out, things that don't -- that didn't work, things that are new or work in a put-in. So in terms of innovation, because I think the LRP of the company has 2 major drivers -- I would say, 3 major drivers. One is the home care push PD. That's a big driver for us.
The second one is the whole innovation underlying push the company is undertaking. Remember, we're looking at this year close to sales of new products over the last 3 years to be close to $1 billion. Even in the year of COVID, we feel very comfortable with the number that is coming out of our innovation. We're very excited about our new pump platform. We're excited about new things we are developing in other areas. Our PrisMax has launched well, and it was a great product for the right time. So that's the second lever.
And the third is continuously attacking the cost basis of the company. And for that, there's 2 areas of focus. One is the digital transformation of Baxter which we started, and creating significant change in how we do business internally and sometimes with our customer as well as a complete revamp of manufacturing, which will be several years to do it, but will create some good opportunities. So those for me are the areas, the underlying conversation for the LRP. This is the conversation we have with the Board, and that's what we would have with our investors. Those are the 4 areas, 3 areas with 1 divided into 2, that I would say are the major drivers for the company future.

Matt, I can't comment on a competitor EUA status and what they sold or not. But I can tell you that we performed as planned in terms of our pump placements. And we remain very excited with the potential launch of our new pump platform. As you know, it is a brand new platform, very robust in terms of electronics as well as the modality of syringe pump that we never had as a company. So I think the market is ready for something new, something that is designed for the future. And we will accommodate future digital health updates. So we're excited about that. So I can't comment on our competitors, but I can tell you that we are ready to go back to the market with a new product despite the fact, we just launched our version 9, which is a robust and very good pump about 1.5 years, 2 years ago or actually 2 years ago into July, it was July 2017 when we launched that -- July 2018, I'm sorry, July 2018. So very excited about new pump platform.
So -- and not only that, Baxter has a global platform now because the new pump platform for us is going to be a global business, despite the fact that now we went back to the outside markets with an interim product, which is EVO IQ, which is doing very well. So we're going to position ourselves as a strong pump competitor in the future with a platform that is expansible and will allow our customers' future expansion in digital health.

Joanne, let me take your last question first, and Jay will take the first part of your question. In 2021, it's a little early for us to give any kind of commentary on 2021. Qualitatively speaking, we'll -- everything will depend upon how back to normal is going to be. We feel that the peritoneal dialysis momentum probably will continue, and that is a good thing for Baxter. We hope by then, not affirming, but we hope that we have a new pump platform already launched and ongoing, so there are some -- and we have some launches of some molecules. So I think 2021 back to normality is Baxter back to normal. Very difficult to see this at the moment. Right now, the forecast is a little foggy, but we hope the great companies, which are developing these vaccines and some of the actions taken in terms of palliative health across the globe will help us go back to normal. Jay?

So it is just interesting that when you look at our forecast for the year, Baxter, despite the fact that we are negatively impacted by COVID in many areas, including admissions to hospital, just to supplement your question, Joanne, we see a range of outcomes that can give us a slight positive to a slight negative performance versus prior year, which, in a situation like this, is -- shows the resilience of our portfolio, shows that our home care beds are done correctly and things are placed -- our beds are placed in the right places.
One last comment I would like to reiterate on research and development is despite the fact there's variations in research and development and those are our costs that can be postponed, there's absolutely 100% focus and innovation at Baxter. We have no intentions to let that down one iota. So we may have changes in few millions of dollars between quarters or between 2020 into 2021. We are responsible people here. We'll do the right thing to make sure that our expenses are in control. Everybody knows that. But there is a bigger commitment to innovation and to our research and development groups, which are doing extraordinary job in very difficult circumstances to have, data -- completing clinical trials, data submitted to agencies for product approval. I'd like to finish the call by just reiterating that. Thank you.

Capital allocation, I'm sorry, I cut you off. I was going to answer your first part of the question. Just finish that, sorry, Larry.

Larry, we have a couple of things launched in 2021, a large bolus in 2022. So we're excited about the pipeline. We are -- we have not deviated. Talk about LRP, that's one thing that we have is holding pretty true in the last few years is the pipeline in Pharmaceuticals. Despite the fact we made drops in molecules, we're able to add more. So there's good momentum there. Remember, Baxter Pharmaceutical Injectables is always -- is renewing itself. As we leave behind the old molecules that were to be -- used to be the biggest drivers of sales for the company, as these products become generic and other companies come in, our portfolio is revamping itself to be able to offset that and moving on. If you notice, we speak none -- nothing about cyclophosphamide, and that's a real testament to our pharmaceutical team that is starting to launch the products like dexmed or like our pre-mix injectable insulin and other products that are part of our portfolio.
In terms of capital allocation, I'll let Jay comment on share buyback. In terms of acquisitions, we're still very focused. We have several small deals that we are looking at all the time. As you can see by Jay's prepared remarks, we have over $4 billion in cash in the balance sheet. This is a company that has a solid, solid financial position and that afford us to continue to look for opportunities. The pandemic has slowed down a little bit because the month of April and May were very hectic across the globe, but we are engaged very much so and continuing to look ahead in organic opportunities. Jay?