Thank you, Clare, and welcome to everyone joining us on the call today. I sincerely hope that you, your families and colleagues are all safe and well during this difficult time. As we continue to deal with the evolving impact from the global COVID-19 pandemic, our Baxter team salutes the selfless health care providers and first responders who are rising to the enormous challenges with bravery and compassion. Their dedication inspires us all. This is uncharted to rain for the health care industry and society at large. At the same time, Baxter's  path forward is clear. It is defined by our mission  to save and sustain lives, just as it has been for  nearly 90 years. We are doing everything we can to  support patients, the healthcare system, our employees and the communities we serve worldwide. 
Baxter's medically essential portfolio places on the front lines of this pandemic. We are experiencing extraordinary demand for many products, including our PrisMax and Prismaflex, continuous renal replacement therapy, devices and associated consumables. Our Mini-Bag Plus drug delivery system, the Spectrum IQ Infusion System and sets plus IV Solutions parenteral nutrition therapies and injectable drugs used in the ICU and across the hospital. Our efforts are focused on maximizing production to increase supply as much as possible and get our products to where they need it most as quickly as feasible. That starts with prioritizing the health and safety of Baxter's employees who are critical to our ability to successfully respond to the pandemic. We have implemented various employee protection measures, such as enhanced infection control actions, remote working arrangements, symptom screening and further use of personal protective equipment, including masks at all of our sites. Our manufacturing operations have also been modified to limit employee interactions where possible. We have added multiple shifts with all factories that manufacture products used in COVID-19 care, currently operating 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. And as we previously announced, we are adding up to 2,000 permanent and temporary positions  globally to support this effort. 
Baxter is utilizing objective government and academic data sources to help inform our pandemic allocation protocol, which strives to allocate additional products to the areas of greatest patient need globally. And we are supplementing our logistics infrastructure, including a newly established airbridge flying between the U.S. and Europe to accelerate product availability. We are also taking steps to bring clinicians, the widest possible array of options in this battle. For example, we worked with the FDA to secure emergency use authorization of our Oxiris filter set, supplementing the supply of blood filters we are able to bring to the U.S. market. We want to thank the FDA for its collaboration as we continue to work on other potential authorizations. 
This is just a snapshot of what has been a truly all-encompassing effort, which also includes our philanthropic response to the Baxter International Foundation. Baxter's multiyear transformation has strengthened our ability to respond to COVID-19. We are a more effective, agile and resilient organization plus our focus on portfolio innovation has broadened the range of products we have available to address these situations. We're also able to maintain our emphasis on its strategy and execution even as we like many others, step up to address an unprecedented public health emergency. This is reflected in our strong first quarter results with all 6 of our global business units in all 3 of our regional segments contributing to this positive performance. 
As it relates specifically to the pandemic impact,  particularly during the latter part of the quarter, five of our businesses experienced heightened demand: Acute Therapies, Renal Care, Medication Delivery, Pharmaceuticals and Clinical Nutrition. As expected, given the slowdown in elective surgeries, demand for our Advanced Surgery portfolio declined and is expected to continue to decline throughout the second quarter. Even as we respond, Baxter continues to advance key strategic growth drivers, such as research and development, innovation and business development.  In quarter 1, we saw the close of our Seprafilm acquisition, enhancing our Advanced Surgery portfolio. We also recently acquired toSense, a technology company focused on developing sensors and software, advancing our emphasis on leading-edge patient monitoring. And we signed a partnership with MedAware, a specialist in clinical big data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence. Our new product pipelines later for this year and beyond has highlights spanning our businesses, including our next-generation IV smart pump technology, share source analytics, specialized monitoring and additional differentiated molecules. 
As you know, we have been looking forward to providing an update on our strategy, trajectory and pipeline. We originally planned to hold our next investor meeting this September. However, the unpredictable nature and impact of COVID-19 has prompt us to delay this meeting until next year. We expect to provide a new date in the coming months.    
In close, I want to recognize Baxter's 50,000 employees, I have never seen a team come together like this. In a global effort to make a difference for patients and clinicians. My words are not adequate to express the level of commitment, I'm witnessing daily, nor can they convey the depth of my gratitude. 
With that, Jay will now share details on our first quarter performance as well as commentary regarding some factors we expect to impact our performance in the second quarter and beyond. Then we will close with your questions.

I  think you did a good job, Jay. You covered both parts that I was going to cover.

Vijay, the Oxiris has a special filter. We make them in Europe, and it has a heparin coding to it, which makes it ideal for the situation where we're seeing now. We don't have enough data on the COVID or the coronavirus impact on the filter. Just in the very beginning, the use in the U.S. It seems to us that it's lasting longer than our current filter because it prevents the coagulation. It usually clogs the CRRT filters a little faster. So we are working with the FDA, and we work internally and with our partners in the industry to collect the data, to do investigational work, so we can propose keeping the product on the market once the crisis subsides and the agency feels that the product may not be of need anymore. So we'll do everything we can to register  the product in the U.S. with the FDA.  
It is a  product that we've seen outside the U.S., really good results. So we hope that we can prove the point that this is a great therapy for sepsis treatment because the type of filter because of the coating. We also -- going to the AAKHI, it proves the point that home therapist is ideally positioned for a crisis where there's so much transmission of virus by aerosolization and close contact. So I think AAKHI -- no, I cannot comment where the rule is at the moment, but we think that, that is the right move by the government, and we think it's going to end up going through. It's just a matter of time. But that has not stopped Baxter from its investments. We continue to invest. As a matter of fact, yesterday, I just had a meeting on a Phase II investment for this purpose. Remember that our growth in home therapies is going up. Now we are -- in the U.S. alone, PD home therapies was about up 13%. Now APD home therapies in the U.S. was about 13% growth. So because that kind of growth, you need to have this kind of investments. 
So we're optimistic about that. So even if the rule doesn't come as fast as we wish it had come, work with our partners, DaVita and other partners in the U.S., we are advancing the home therapies. And rest assured, we're going to continue to make the investments.

Bob, and we are -- if you all remember, about 2 years ago, we had the Hurricane Maria that taught us quite a bit of a lesson, and we had modified our supply chain to a point that our fluids today don't have any constraint with the exception of our Mini-Bag Plus. But we made arrangements for extra shifts, and we're putting out record amount. And so we predict that most of our fluids, with few exceptions, will be all protective allocation in the next few weeks. The part -- the area of our business that really has a capacity constrained based on the type of virus we have today is CRRT. CRRT is made in a couple of different places in the world between the machines and the filters and sets and fluids as well. That's the one that we are capacity constrained. We advised our partners and government agencies of that issue. We are seeing demand that is multiple times what we can produce. And we're working very diligently with our customers to serve our patients best. For the future, that will be an area because the type of therapy and adoption of the therapy that is probably going -- is going to grow. We're going to work in diversification of manufacturing sites and put more locations for fluids across the globe. But that is the one that comes to mind at the moment. Also some of our drugs that are being used as a backup, for instance, for propofol. We don't make propofol in the U.S., we make propofol for other parts of the world but dexmed is used as a backup drug for sedation. And what we're finding, what we're finding is that we are outstripping our capacity and have outstripped our capacity. So we're going to also be making more investments in our GALAXY technology as we move forward.

Robbie, we have taken an action with our sales force, for instance, in Advanced Surgery, teaching them skills -- technical skills on other product lines that we have, having them call on surgeons, on catheter insertion. We're making sure that they're occupied. We're having global webinars that they're being conducted by the team. There's a significant amount of activity. And we find that we have a tremendous, tremendous sales force, and we're going to keep them engaged. We have -- as you can see, we have employees in the frontline. Not only the sales force, we have a service group that services all these machines across the globe, and they are every day in hospitals across the globe servicing them. We were treating them as well as our folks in manufacturing and the global supply chain. We gave them an incremental incentive to recognize their effort in such a difficult time. We also have our plans, for the most part, operating 24/7, almost all of our 50 plans with very few exceptions. So we're making sure that we're having their safety first in mind. It's our #1 priority is employee safety. And the second priority is with them being safe, they can make product for our patients. So we're now in uncharted waters here, but I think having our employees well-being first in mind has been from the get-go, what has taken us to the point that we are today. And they all have in their minds, the mission of saving sustaining lives is what drives us. So we're very, very, very grateful to all the 50,000 folks who work for Baxter, who are in this battle with us.

David, we think that you have a bolus of demand that is really difficult to discern between what is just we and our -- and we know the competitive accounts that were going forward, the competitive accounts we think we're going to win. And now you have this bolus of demand coming in with more need for pumps as the patients are requiring a multitude of pumps, more pumps that they would otherwise in situations in the ICU. So we're trying to kind of separate them and understand. We ramped up our production of Sigma Spectrum in the U.S. tremendously. We put extra shifts, more people. We are procuring raw materials. We're expediting raw materials. We're paying sometimes premium to get raw materials faster. And so we are producing as much as we can. Coincidentally, this week, we just got approval in Canada for our new pump platform, the NOVUM IQ. We also have our international platform called, Evo IQ, being approved in multiple -- in a multitude of countries and a lot of orders in Australia, and we are getting approvals in Brazil, and we have approval in Colombia. So we're starting to see that or -- and also in the U.K. with NHS. So we're seeing a lot of movement on the front business of Baxter. We have -- as you know, we have filed for 510(k) for our NOVUM IQ platform in the U.S. We also file for EUA here because we think we can make -- we can bring more pumps beginning in July NOVUM IQ to supplement the demand for our current Evo IQ. So we're doing everything we can. In terms of competitiveness, it's tough to see at the moment how things are going. People are so focused, David, in the current situation. Nobody is thinking about something 2 months from today. I think the hospitals are stripped for resources, and it would not have a conversion at this moment in time. What you have is demand that has spiked up quite a bit, but our folks are really planning for the future. I think our pump platform is shaping up to be a great platform. And then the addition of some monitoring capabilities will make us strong as you can -- if you -- you heard this morning and you read this morning, we had made a couple of investments in algorithm technology and artificial intelligence technology.

Sure. So David, what you also will see is stockpiling. From this point on when the demand surge is up a little bit, I think hospitals, I don't know if they will have the capacity to stockpile significant volumes of products. They will some, probably. But I think you're going to see governments thinking differently about how they face a calamity, such as this virus. So I think it's teaching a lot of lessons to the whole supply chain, government, private. A lot of PPPs, public-private partnerships, you're going to see happening in terms of preparedness. So we'll see a lot of that probably in the third and fourth quarter as this is off through the summer and how entities across the spectrum will react.

Larry, we're seeing the -- some normalcy coming back into Asia. But I want to give you some color on Baxter's business being slightly different in China, primarily in parts of Asia than it is in Europe and Americas. We are a heavy PD, peritoneal dialysis, companies in China, so that's a chronic disease. We saw a stockpiling going on in the first quarter there and then being consumed, but that business is consistent and constant. We're starting to see some hospitals in China going back to normalcy in terms of surgery, not 100%, but we probably will see through the second quarter, their return to normalcy for great deal of businesses in Asia, with perhaps an exception to Japan. I think Japan still has not figured out. They're locked down. And I think that is going to be a little slower than the rest of Asia. Australia is already thinking about a possible second wave and they're working on preparedness for that as far as we can see. So that is the reason why Asia was strong for us in the first quarter. But we see the normalcy coming in, but don't forget our business in Asia, primarily in China, is mostly home care peritoneal dialysis chronic business.

Pito, we saw a healthy level of PD starts, but nothing different than what we had planned. I think what you're going to see is a little bit of a reduction and then a pickup towards the middle of the year because PD is dependent upon catheter insertion. Despite the fact the American Nephrology -- Society of Nephrologists had recommended and had said that this is not an elective procedure and put the procedure as necessary. Some hospitals are doing that. Talking to a colleague of mine in the Northeast, he's Chief of Surgery of a hospital, he said that they were doing -- one of the few surgeries they were doing was catheter insertion, okay? But not everybody had the luxury. Some of the hotspots, I'm sure that other than the PD insertions that were done, for instance, in several hospitals in New York City because we sold a significant amount of therapy into New York to alleviate the pressure on CRRT for patients in the ICU, it's called the acute PD. We will see probably a small -- a slowdown of PD, and then we'll pick up through the rest of the year. The demand is there. The home therapies is the way to go for the right patients. And I think the momentum is not going to be in the long-term altered. It's just now you have this crisis where the insertion becomes more of an issue. You had a second part to your question. What was that?

Well, it's around $5 million, okay, around $5 million, the answer on the Revaclear. What we're finding is our plants producing Revaclear producing the record level right now, both one in the U.S. and one in Germany. And as we prepare towards the end of the year to convert some of our production lines into THERANOVA, okay? So as a THERANOVA application, the novum is going through the FDA, and we have -- we're preparing for that launch. We're going to start converting our production lines, and we need to start doing that in Germany. So you're going to see that swap. But it was about $5 million.

We don't see the long-term impact on the AAKHI. You see a pause because I think the administration is quite busy right now with other matters. But speaking to an official the other day, that is still front and center for the White House. They want to move forward with this. And I think it will be just a matter of time. We have done a significant amount of simulations in Monte Carlos and all kinds of work in understanding capacity demand. And we're ready in July to speak to our Board again on a Phase II. Phase I is already being put in place, okay? So capacity is being augmented. We're going to start seeing more capacity coming in next year. But then the thing is projecting 2 or 3 years down the road, we're going to need to make that investment. So that investment is already planned. We know where it's going to be made for the most part. We have some decisions to make, but we're down that path. So what you see with this unfortunate COVID-19, it is a slowdown in decision-making, which we think is just a matter of time.

Thank you all for coming -- to calling in today and listening to our earnings call. We, at Baxter, are very proud of what we're doing today, and we have done everything we can to attend to patients across the globe. We wish you all to be safe and well. And hopefully, we can return to normalcy for our next earnings call. So to all of you, thank you very much, and have a good rest of your week.