Thank you, Clare. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. As always, I hope that you and your loved ones are healthy and safe. 
We start this morning with some perspective on our performance last year and future trajectory. Jay will take a closer look at the financials and share our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2022, then we'll take your questions.  
As you all know, this is our first earnings call since acquiring Hillrom, the next inflection point in Baxter's multiyear transformation. The combination further extends our already diverse med tech portfolio and provides opportunities to broaden our reach, both geographically and across the care continuum.  
Importantly, it also unlocks exciting new possibilities for connected care innovation across our product lines with the potential to spark clinical insights, enhance patient outcomes and increase workflow efficiencies. 
In short, it holds the promise of greater value for all of our stakeholders from patients and clinicians to our employees and investors. The deal closed on December 13. So our Q4 and full year 2021 financials reflect 19 days of contribution from Hillrom.  
Looking at company-wide performance. Baxter delivered fourth quarter 2021 sales growth of 10% on a reported basis, 12% at constant currency and 4% at operational rates. Fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.04, up 30% year-over-year. Hillrom contributed $212 million in sales and $0.08 of adjusted earnings per share in the quarter. 
For full year 2021, sales growth was 10% on a reported basis, 7% on a constant currency basis and 5% on an operational basis. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share of $3.61 increased 17% year-over-year, which also reflects the contribution of Hillrom. 
Growth for both the quarter and year reflect the ongoing somewhat erratic impact of COVID-19, which negatively affected top line sales for certain businesses while fueling demand for others, particularly later in the fourth quarter as the Omicron variant surged.  
Our top line performance for the year continues to demonstrate the diversity and durability of our portfolio, which allowed us to deliver operational sales growth of 5% for the year. 
Demand across both our legacy Baxter and legacy Hillrom businesses is strong. During the fourth quarter and continuing through the start of this year, we have been experiencing a higher-than-normal rate of back orders due to certain supply chain limitations and staffing-related challenges in our plants resulting from high rates of absenteeism amid the rising cases of COVID. We are working expeditiously to address the situation and anticipate continued improvement in the coming weeks.  
As we have discussed throughout the year, our cost structure has been negatively impacted by rising rates of inflation as well as an increasingly challenging supply chain network, which has at times resulted in expedited shipments and extraordinary steps to procure necessary components. While our teams have worked diligently to offset many of these pressures, our fourth quarter results reflect higher-than-expected freight costs given the critical and essential nature of our products.  
We made decisions to expedite product to our customers to ensure we stay true to our mission, which means prioritizing the needs of patients and clinicians who depend on steady access to our life-saving products. We will never compromise on this commitment.  
We are realistic about the supply chain challenges that continue to test the global industry as a whole. And we are laser-focused on addressing them successfully now and going forward. We are in the process of implementing new measures in procurement and logistics, including evaluating opportunities to pass through certain costs in selected geographies that will enhance performance and deliver value to our stakeholders, both in the near term and long run.  
We are focused on making sound choices to promote our long-term success as a viable growing enterprise. We're building off our solid foundation and remain focused on executing against our multiyear transformation. This transformation has bolstered our operational efficiency and given us the tools to navigate through these challenging times where the resilience and tenacity this team has demonstrated over the course of the last 2 years.  
Beyond this, the acquisition of Hillrom introduced crucial growth drivers across multiple fronts. The integration process is moving forward productively. We are already identifying opportunities for geographic expansion as well as synergies to drive meaningful cost reduction and margin expansion. And we are advancing connected care across our newly expanded capabilities.  
As always, we continue to evaluate our portfolio to ensure the businesses we operate are aligned with our long-term strategic objective to accelerate top line growth and expand margins. This commitment was clearly demonstrated with the Hillrom acquisition, which augmented and strengthened our underlying portfolio.  
As part of this ongoing process, to the extent we identify areas that do not align with our long-term objectives, we will look to exit or divest these businesses while also continuing to identify new opportunities to enhance future performance. 
We recognize that innovation is at the core of any successful enterprise, and we are focused on introducing new products to address the evolving needs of our customers and patients. Some of these include the anticipated U.S. launch of our NOVUM IQ smart pump this year as well as our TrueVue connected digital solutions for our PrisMax 2 continuous renal replacement therapy technology, which is in early stage launch right now in the U.S. and Europe, Middle East and Africa.  
Obviously, we assess our performance across multiple dimensions just as we must continually strengthen our performance as a thriving and resilient enterprise. Our mission also demands our continued leadership as a corporate citizen. 2021 marked the launch of our 2030 corporate responsibility commitment, comprising 10 key goals for the next decade and beyond, focused on 3 key action areas: empower our patients, protect our planet, and champion our people and communities.  
We have also taken significant steps in the past year to advance our Activating Change Today or ACT initiative to advance racial justice within Baxter and across the communities and markets we serve. 
Our progress as both a business and as a corporate citizen is due entirely to the commitment of our employees worldwide. This outstanding team has achieved so much in several years from building our transformation to stepping up tirelessly in the face of COVID-19.  
Now it stands prepared for our new chapter of momentum and growth. With this team's proven track record, I'm confident in our ability to deliver on the opportunities we have worked so hard to create. We will be sharing much more about our strategic trajectory at our investor conference later this year.  
Now I will turn it over to Jay to share a closer look at our performance and outlook.

Vijay, we are working on those opportunities, and we'll have more on that when we speak to the -- to our investors at our Investor Day. But let me give you 3 different examples. 
The first one is a short-term opportunity that we have is our home peritoneal dialysis and while sharing remote monitoring. Bringing them together is a very short-term opportunity that we have, will give us insight into fluid overload and also the workflow of current PD patients and allows us to do Bluetooth-enabled vitals and analytics integrated with a Sharesource, reducing then the potential burden for patients and more proactive and accurate management of patients. This is a very short term. 
The Voalte system, the Voalte alarm systems, midterm 1 to 2 years, bringing together delivery of digitalization of alarms from the Baxter infusion pumps, CRT devices. Starling is our monitoring platform to Voalte. Bringing them together improves the workflow in med search, for instance, ICU, pharmas and other parts of the hospital. 
Just some benefits would be alarm fatigue reduction, transition from reaction to proactive. So you can see things ahead of time, creates a much better environment for the nursing staff who will be focused on what actually matters versus alarm overload. So we think that is a good opportunity to bring together both platforms, Voalte is a very important part of the platform that Hillrom has. 
And then on a long term, we're going to close to loop, fleet management system, which is how do you actually monitor from a series of inputs, including all the way to urine output to the infusion pumps output and alarms and types of drugs, bringing our monitoring together and all the information that comes out of the smart beds. How do we create an environment that reduces significantly the load to the clinician and alarms to the clinician when problems are really arising and prevent -- and eventually preventing some of the bad outcomes to happen? 
So those are just 3 examples of things that we are working on, and there's much more and we had a significant amount of workshops -- actually, one specific with a significant amount of ideas. So I'm very excited about that.

Pito, this is something that we comment very little. Our pricing is a strategy that the company has. We have pricing built into our contracts. What we're looking at here is an exceptional amount of extra cost the company has to carry on the expedited freight, the ability to get components in the door, inflation and labor as well as the components that are coming in. 
So we will selectively decide where we're putting those costs -- those price increases. They will come in different forms, but we're not going to specifically speak about geography. We know that we have put them in our plan, and we'll be executing on to them.

Larry, we want to file this last set of documentations, which you know the FDA will have 31 days to provide a response to us, okay? So this is not the beginning of the application. This is the end. 
So to that end, we want to make sure we have some new set of eyes and look at the whole application. It looks really good. But there were areas that we think we could do better. Cybersecurity is one of them that we want to be always top decile when it comes to that. So we went back and made some adjustments and improvements, and that took time. 
So we will be filing with the FDA hopefully soon. And we're expecting that to be 31 days after that, we'll have the answer on our large volume parenteral LVP pump. And then following that, we're going to apply the same 31 days at the end of it for the syringe pump and related software that will be our enterprise software as well as software controls, the pumps, the way they work with the networks. 
So that's pretty straightforward. We are doing the best we can to get the best chance to get this product. 
I don't speak on behalf of the FDA, I never do. I don't have any control on the internal process. One thing that we can control is the quality of the application that we have. And to that end, we want to make sure that we increase our probability to be high as possible before it goes in for those 31 days.

Larry, we -- when we started transformation on Baxter, we had 3 very specific areas of improvement. I would say 4, not 3, 4. 
First is to bring the company into profitability state, put us with -- close to our peers and transform the company's ability to generate free cash flow. The second was most importantly, the culture of the company, bring the right talent to get the culture going. The third was innovation, and we just spoke about it, getting a pump with the FDA, that was unthinkable when I first got here because we did not have any internal programs or any devices within the company other than few that we acquired through Gambro. 
And the fourth piece was the one that we haven't touched much. We did some tuck-in acquisitions. And then we thought about how do we transform the portfolio. The company changed the CAGR, the direction, the innovation, go where the puck is going. That was the acquisition of Hillrom brings that part into Baxter. 
Conversely, we do have a couple of areas that we don't believe are the right businesses for Baxter to own. And to that end, we are in the middle of analysis. And we should have more in that area either by May or a little later than that in how we're going to adjust our portfolio. 
What we want to do is always look at the portfolio in a way that can increase the CAGR of the markets we serve, increase the profitability of the company and remove businesses that have been sometimes legacy businesses. They are sitting here with probably not a right capital allocation and bring that to people who can bring that capital allocation to them, freeing up the cash flow for Baxter to invest in what really we want to invest, which is in our connected care, digital health and then to double down on parts of Hillrom, they're doing so well.

Matt, I will start. I want Jay to actually also supplement my answer. 
I see this in 2 different buckets. I see the short-term or the COVID impact, and then what is the long-lasting effect of having those inflationary costs. 
So the first is labor availability created by Omicron was significant. Didn't take much, you could read the news and how it affects the country and the curve and acceleration of that infection, took a lot of people from our plants. They were either infected or had contact with people infected. Very much a #1 priority of the company is patient safety and quality as well as employee safety. So we did not allow people to come to work, and we followed the guidelines of the CDC. 
To that end, we end up with significant disruptions that caused all this air freight that we have to actually incur, which came actually towards the end of the fourth quarter as we will never let patients on our products. As soon as we found that we start flying products despite the fact some of the products in value have chips, they were going in because the rate and escalation of that. 
That problem of the labor availability and absenteeism is starting to subside, we have significant efforts in place. And we start to see our plants filling up with people, and the situation will be resolved. 
Also, part and parcel to that was the fact that you have to attract employees to your plant. And there is an inflationary cost to the labor cost of the company. And that is the one that we also are upping our salaries and making sure that we retain people. 
Those costs of inflation will go on for a long time. You don't reverse salary increases. What you do actually is create more cost reductions and automation to offset that. And our supply chain has a pretty healthy cost reduction program in 2022 and beyond to offset this inflationary cost. 
The component availability is nothing new. We've been signaling that for a long time. We're working very hard to get to our components, buy in advance, buy large lots and things like that, we're managing that, and that is in Baxter being managed. And we just acquired Hillrom, we had -- they had similar issues. We are resolving those along the way. And we believe the alleviation of our back order and backlog will happen throughout 2022. 
One last point I want to add is that the demand is very strong for our products from 2 different things. One is the Omicron variant itself, but also a lot of consumption of product that happened, and shelves are empty. So you're probably going to have replenishment of those products going out throughout the year. 
So we don't see demand at this moment, from our vantage point, abating. So we have some short-term capacity issues that we're taking care by adding shifts and adding other things that will alleviate that. So we're doing everything we can always with the first thing in mind to serve the patient. Secondly, to do it in a cost-effective manner. 
So I think we have managed this to the best of our ability and done pretty well based on our footprint and the size of our company. 
Going into 2022, we will alleviate these pressures throughout the year, and it's not an immediate solve in the component issue. It's going to go towards second quarter and continues to improve throughout Q3 and Q4. 
And we want to make sure that our cost reduction, and we just verified that, is very healthy. As a matter of fact, I would say our cost reduction program for 2022 is the largest the company ever had in terms of integrated supply chain.