Thank you, Clare. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. I will get started with an overview of first quarter performance, trajectory and a quick preview of what you can expect in our upcoming investor conference in May. Jay will take a closer look at our financials as well as our outlook for the current quarter and balance of the year. Then we will close with your questions. As you know, first quarter 2022 represents our first full quarter since the close of Hillrom acquisition. I'm pleased to report solid results for the combined company on both the top and bottom line, reflecting the ongoing momentum of legacy Baxter businesses as well as the early promise and potential of our Hillrom integration. 
First quarter sales grew 26% on a reported basis and 29% at constant currency. With legacy Hillrom sales contributing $755 million to our total $3.7 billion in reported sales for the quarter. Excluding the impact of Hillrom and foreign exchange, first quarter sales rose 3% on an operational basis. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share of $0.93 increased 22%, exceeding our guidance of $0.79 to $0.82.
Performance in the quarter reflects the contribution from Hillrom. First quarter performance continued to reflect the ongoing erratic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which fueled demand in some of our businesses, while dragging on performance in others. As ever, the diversity and durability of our portfolio in combination with our global footprint act as buffers that help us weather the extremes in these factors are only bolstered with at its scope and opportunity created through the addition of Hillrom.  
We continue to see solid demand across both legacy Baxter and Hillrom businesses. We are still experiencing pockets of back orders and backlogs due to the significant supply chain challenges that have made it increasingly difficult at times to access a range of raw materials and components, particularly electromechanical components. Similarly, we continue to experience increased inflationary pressures and rising freight costs, which have only intensified in the wake of the war between Ukraine and Russia.  
Our focus on efficiency and disciplined expense management has gone a long way to partially offset these challenges. And I'm proud of our integrated supply chain team for its strategic moves in procurement and logistics that are helping us meet the needs of patients and clinicians while helping to support sustained value and growth of our shareholders. 
Taking a deeper dive by business, performance was led by BioPharma Solutions, which advanced 21% at constant rates. This was driven by a favorable year-over-year comparison related to revenues from the manufacture of multiple COVID-19 vaccines. Our Medication Delivery business increased 10% at constant rates, driven by growth in IV therapies. As you saw in this morning's release, we shared a status update on our NOVUM IQ large-volume infusion pump with Dose IQ Safety Software, which has been under review by FDA. We received the letter from the agency last Friday with a request for additional information. As a result of the 510(k) review window has been placed on hold so that our team can address accordingly.  
The team currently plans to respond to FDA within the calendar year. We remain on track to submit responses on the NOVUM IQ syringe pump filing to FDA in the second quarter of 2022. I want to emphasize why we can speak for FDA or the eventual outcome of their review process, we are confident in our leading-edge NOVUM IQ technology. We are committed to responding to FDA's request and to bringing the benefits of NOVUM IQ to patients and clinicians in the U.S. and beyond.
Advanced Surgery performance was up 8% at constant rates, driven by year-over-year improvement in the rate of surgical procedures following depressed rates due to the pandemic. Renal Care rose 1% at constant currency rates, with a mid-single-digit growth in the U.S., partially offset by a low single-digit decline internationally. Growth in the quarter was driven by global demand for our home peritoneal dialysis products, partially offset by lower sales of dialyzers internationally. As we have discussed previously, PD patient demand has been constrained due to the pandemic-driven factors, including higher mortality rates for kidney disease patients and the lower rate of new patients diagnosis.
We remain confident of renewed uptake in PD therapy over the upcoming years as well as in the health and lifestyle factors that make home-based therapy a compelling choice for patients and clinicians. Clinical Nutrition also grew 1% at constant currency, reflecting improving demand for selected parenteral nutrition products, growth in the quarter was dampened by ongoing supply constraints for vitamins globally. Pharmaceuticals declined 2% at constant currency, reflecting continued increased competitive activity for certain U.S. generics as well as the impact of supply constraints that impacted production volumes during the quarter. We continue to focus on launching new molecules in complex formulations as well as embracing our international growth opportunities to help accelerate performance in the business moving forward.  
Finally, among our legacy business, Acute Therapies declined 7% at constant currency, reflecting a challenging year-over-year comparison due to the last year's surging demand for continuous renal replacement therapy or CRRT products amid the pandemic. Underlying performance in this product category continues to build momentum with the pandemic only further highlighting the vital role of CRRT products in the ICU. As I stated earlier, our newly acquired Hillrom businesses contributed $755 million to sales in the quarter. Our global integration is proceeding on course, and we are starting to seize our key opportunities to expand global access to our growing portfolio as well as uniting our capabilities to expand our presence in connected care.  
Looking ahead, I want to note that our regional outlook for 2022 did not anticipate the tragic outbreak of a war in Ukraine. The conflict is partially disrupting our ability to serve patients locally, although we are working hard to serve Ukrainian patients and refugees directly and through our humanitarian aide partners. We are also, like many other companies, assessing our profile in Russia, although as a health care company, there are certain life-sustaining products that we are continuing to make available to patients in line with current sanctions. The conflict has also caused a ripple effect across the supply chain network globally resulting in rising oil prices, which we expect to negatively impact freight material and utility costs this year. In addition, given the current time line anticipated for NOVUM IQ, we have made the decision to remove any related sales contribution in 2022. These factors, coupled with ongoing increased inflationary pressures have resulted in adjustments to our guidance for the balance of the year as Jay will review in a moment.  
Our teams are working diligently to find potential offsets to these increased expenses. And as we mentioned last quarter, we have identified opportunities where it may be possible to pass through some of these costs in select geographies. While the global macroeconomic landscape continues to present unique challenges, we are, nonetheless, excited about our overall prospects, momentum and capacity to make a difference for our many stakeholders. We look forward to giving your deeper insights on our trajectory next month at our 2022 investor conference. We will share a broader look at our growth strategy fueled by advances in connected care as well as our commitment to ongoing therapeutic innovation. We will also provide more detail on how expanded global access and uncompromising portfolio management should contribute to profitable growth. 
In addition, we will highlight the rapid evolution of our integrated supply chain function as we work to address today's operational challenges head on and continue to evolve for the future. You'll see Baxter's health care innovations firsthand at our interactive innovation hall, and as always, we'll be including plenty of time for your questions and informal networking with our senior leadership team. I look forward to seeing many of you in person in the event will also be webcast for online viewing.  
Now I will pass it to Jay who will take a closer look at our first quarter results and '22 outlook.

We have taken pricing actions to customers in different geographies where we can. And -- but we don't go into specifics where we did, how much and our customer, but we have taken pricing actions.

Would add that we see our demand, our top line back order, our backlog very healthy, backlog very healthy. Our back order is all-time high, meaning that we have strong demand, we are sometimes struggling to fulfill all the demand because the shortage of chips and microprocessors and other electronics. As a matter of fact, that has consumed our top executives a great deal of their time either by speaking to company CEOs in this area or trying to get product shipped more often to our factories. 
So this is not a unique problem to Baxter, but it shows that the top line, when I see that level of demand, you see that our business has a resilience that Jay just outlined. So I don't see a problem with the market dynamics. I see underlying issues that Jay outlined. They are somehow not short-term or temporary, will be with us throughout this year. And I said that in the previous call that this will take quarters to be fixed, and we think towards the end of the year, we may see some progress in that area. We also are redesigning some of our boards. We're trying -- we're getting secondary raw material suppliers in place. So there's a significant amount of work to shore up the company not only for the short term, but also for the long term and create a resilience that will be with us for a long time.

Clearly, the inflationary pressures on Baxter, a very clear display here, and we have taken pricing actions in selected markets. Why do I say selective markets because some markets, we have contracts that are long term, that to take price actions. Sometimes you have to break the contracts. And we evaluate case-by-case. This is not a blanket. We're not a consumer company, neither we are selling staple products out in known to -- direct-to consumer. So we can't just blanket raise prices everywhere. What we do is we raise prices where we think is just and fair. And we try to do it in a way that is that is also considered to the customer and legally possible. So there's all those considerations that we put in place. It is a tough market at the moment. and it's a tough market for everyone. So we do what we can, and we're taking pricing where it's possible.

Sure. I can start, Jay, and you can please come in. We have a long-range plan in the company that is drawn and takes into account several different factors, including the short-term disruptions that affect in 2022 in terms of supply chain. We have a forecast that we're going to tell you what our assumptions are going into the meeting. We're going to tell -- this is what we're assuming things are happening. So while we present to you, you have all the all the numbers, we have a footing on what are the assumptions that we are making in this world today in terms of supply demand pricing and other things, including commodities and other things. So we will be prepared to disclose that at the time of the meeting.

Danielle, we have received the letter. We understand what needs to be addressed, and we plan to address towards the end of the year, like we just said in our prepared remarks. Addressing the request does not change the faith I have in the product line. We have this product currently working in Canada and is, from my perspective, a great product. We have tremendous respect for what the agency says and I don't speak on behalf of the FDA. So we're working very closely to make sure that we can address the outstanding main issue as soon as we can and the stores at the end of the year.
I have faith in the platform. We designed that from a scratch. It was the first product -- electromechanical product designed by Baxter from scratch. We put the resources in place and we're still very optimistic about what it can do in the marketplace. So it's a great technology and -- but this is my opinion, and I hope that we can get this clear towards the end of the year.

We are experiencing a moment of reduction in the patients in Renal due to the 2 years of COVID that affected the number of patients who died, who are at risk and for ESRD patients or potential patients. So we starting to see the pickup of the patients in PD at the moment. We see that continue on primarily in the U.S. and Americas. We still need to see that coming in through Europe. The HD patients, we see that more as a more lingering effect of the pandemic. So PD -- separating PD from HD or peritoneal dialysis from hemodialysis, we see PD recovering throughout this year and picking up for momentum probably in 2023.

We see the recovery coming in and it's going to be a rebound. So we project to see a rebound in surgical volumes and hospital volumes in most places that we do business today ex-Asia. I think in China, we need to watch what's happening in terms of their lockdown and how we're able to react to that as well as in Japan. But ex those 2 large markets, we see other markets picking up momentum and the demand that was suppressed coming back up in -- with volumes above last year and probably at or above pre-COVID times.

Yes. We're going to ask Giuseppe to answer that.