Thank you, Claire, and thank you to everyone joining us on the call. I hope that you and your families remain healthy and safe. I will begin with a brief review of Baxter's third quarter performance. Jay will provide more detail on the financials. Then we will wrap up with your questions. 
I want to start again by acknowledging all of the healthcare providers, first responders, researchers and personal caregivers who are rising to enormous challenges every day in the ongoing fight against COVID-19. And as always, I want to express my deepest appreciation to Baxter's employees, who are navigating these unprecedented times in the unwavering spirit of our mission to save and sustain lives. Just as COVID-19 continues to impact all of our daily lives, it naturally also influences the trajectory of Baxter's operations and performance. During the third quarter, all 3 of our geographic regions observed sequential improvement in both hospital admissions and surgical procedures, but volumes remained below pre-COVID levels. For the third quarter, we estimate the hospital admissions and surgical procedures in the U.S. declined low-double digits and mid-single digits, respectively. Jay will discuss our 2020 outlook in more detail, but this guidance assumes volumes remain at these levels throughout the fourth quarter. 
Turning to our results. Baxter delivered third quarter sales growth of 4% at constant currency rates and 3% operationally. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $0.83, up 12% year-over-year. All 3 of our global regions contributed to positive performance for the quarter. Growth was led by Asia Pacific, which was up 7% at constant currency rates, reflecting the geography's global leading virus containment and recovery to date as well as our portfolio mix in the region. 5 of Baxter's 6 global business units also delivered positive constant currency sales growth in Q3. Among them, Acute Therapies grew 35% year-over-year, adjusting for FX. This business continues to experience heightened demand for its continuous renal replacement therapy or CRRT products in the midst of the pandemic. 
In Q3, Baxter was granted U.S. FDA Emergency Use Authorizations for our Regiocit replacement solution, select set to help address increased demand for CRRT supply and treatment options. This quarter, we also announced a distribution agreement with bioMérieux for the NEPHROCLEAR CCL14 diagnostic test currently in development for use assessing the risk of developing persistent severe acute kidney injury. 
Renal Care delivered mid-single digit growth at constant currency rates for the quarter, driven by continued demand for our portfolio of peritoneal dialysis products. Pandemic conditions continue to underscore the advantages of home-based PD treatment as well as Baxter's share source remote monitoring technology for both clinicians and patients. 
Late in Q3, CMS announced the finalization of the end-stage renal disease treatment choices payment model, a core component of the Advancing American Kidney Health initiative. This is a key step forward in increasing U.S. adoption of home-based dialysis care, and Baxter stands prepared to support patients and healthcare providers as the new model take effect in 2021. 
Also during the quarter, Baxter received FDA de novo authorization for our THERANOVA dialyzer for expanded hemodialysis or HDx therapy. We have a TPNIES add-on payment application pending with CMS for this novel Renal Care technology and expect an update when the final rule is published in November. While at this time we're not going to speculate on CMS final determination, we continue to believe in the benefits this product offers ESRD patients. 
Continuing among our attributes, Clinical Nutrition achieved constant currency mid-single digit growth. Performance here reflects sustained demand, new product introduction and the impact of the competitive supply issue in the U.S. Last month, we announced FDA approval of new higher-protein formulations of CLINIMIX and Clinimix E for parenteral nutrition. These offerings further expand the diversity of our U.S. nutrition portfolio, offering physicians new options and flexibility to meet their patients' needs. 
Advanced Surgery grew 9% at a constant currency rate, bolstered by our February acquisition of Seprafilm. Adjusting for the acquisition as well as FX, Advanced Surgery declined mid-single digits operationally, in line with the lower rate of surgical procedures as compared to the prior year period. On a constant currency basis, Pharmaceuticals increased low single digits and Medication Delivery declined low-single digit. Performance in both businesses reflect lower rates of emergency room utilization and associated hospital admissions for a range of acute and chronic conditions. 
In medication delivery, we remain optimistic about our NOVUM IQ smart infusion pump technology. We are making progress addressing the open questions from FDA on the NOVUM IQ 510(k) applications and remain on track to update the submissions within the next 3 months. We are working collaboratively with the agency and currently expect to launch the pumps in the U.S. next year. In Canada, the NOVUM IQ large volume pump was recently approved, and we hope to receive approval for the syringe pump in the fourth quarter. And finally, we anticipate obtaining CE Mark for the entire NOVUM IQ platform by the end of this year. 
By now, it goes without saying that we are operating in a largely unpredictable environment. We are experiencing an unfortunate resurgence of COVID-19 in many geographies, which resonates across the broader treatment landscape. Baxter continues to respond with a sustained focus on efficiency and effectiveness, which has become second nature across the enterprise. Our strategic emphasis on medically essential products and our broad geographic footprint reinforce the underlying stability of our business model. We remain focused on advancing innovation as a critical growth driver and are actively evaluating opportunities to augment this performance through strategic capital deployment, including business development and opportunistic share repurchases. 
Despite today's challenges and unknowns, I remain confident in Baxter's trajectory and potential. We are reigniting a legacy of innovation, building upon our leadership in corporate responsibility and implementing new racial justice efforts that are rooted in our long-term emphasis on inclusion and diversity. By executing across all dimensions, we will deliver enhanced value and make a meaningful impact for all stakeholders we serve over the long term. 
Now I will pass it to Jay for his comments on the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year.

Thanks, Robbie.

Let's divide. This is not -- you can't just make one assumption. We are a hospital company, but within the hospital, there are several different drivers of our business. So if you look at -- procedures in general are largely stabilizing, right? So they're coming up. They're a little bit below last year's, but it's coming perhaps in the fourth quarter more to a same level. Now we have a flare-up in the pandemic right now, so we're watching that very closely. 
Hospital admissions has more to do with Medicare patients being admitted in hospitals and how hospitals are taking patients through the ED, the emergency department. So we don't see a significant deterioration between Q3 and Q4. We have indicators that are very reliable because we are in those accounts, we are in these businesses. So we don't see that as a huge deterioration in the fourth quarter, but we've got to watch what is coming with this new wave of infections and how that's going to be dealt at the hospital level. But the main drivers for a hospital today, the way we see it is, is the OR which is largely stabilizing. And then the admissions of patients through the general floor of the hospital, and that is what you see the biggest deficit in those patients, they're usually Medicare patients. So we're going to watch it closely, and then we'll inform how we are not only thinking about the fourth quarter, as we're living through the fourth quarter, but 2021.

We are working very diligently with the FDA. We have meetings with the FDA scheduled and we are still very confident in our platform. I can't speak on behalf of the FDA and how long it's going to take in the questions. But I think we have a very good idea what are the issues that the FDA had with our previous submission and we're addressing them very, very quickly. And we hope we can address them to the satisfaction of the FDA. As you know, this is an important platform for us because this is a platform not only with 2 pumps coming up, but also a PCA pump coming later on as well as an ambulatory pump coming in 2022. 
So we are very excited about that but also, as a company, very focused not only on Medication Delivery, we have a company-wide effort to make sure that we got the most experts in place, helping the group answer all the questions satisfactory to the FDA. We, as a company, don't think that those are unsurmountable questions and issues and we're working very hard. And probably in the next 2 or 3 months, we'll refile and go through the process. We hope to launch this product next year. I think it's going to be a great product for -- not only for Baxter but also for the market.

Bob, we're working very hard in modeling this. We have modelers. We have people working relentlessly in creating a sustainable way of looking through this pandemic and how it affects not only the U.S. but also affects Latin America and affects Europe at the moment. We see much less effect of the pandemic in Asia, as everybody knows. Now we had a pretty healthy growth in the third quarter in our APAC business, but we are working 24/7 in getting this model complete. And we hope to have something for you guys when we give guidance that we feel confident in standing behind it in January.

We are still very excited about NOVUM IQ. This is the first time Baxter has a global platform as we said in the prepared remarks, this is not a U.S. product only. We're expecting the syringe pump approval in the fourth quarter. In Canada, we expect at the end of the year that we're going to have the platform approved in Europe for CE Marked. By the way, we start already hiring people for the sales force to launch this product in Europe. Remember, we were not present in Europe for I don't know how many years, probably 20, 30 years that we have not sold the product. We just started about 2 years ago selling our Evo IQ pump that replaced the old COLLEAGUE pumps there. So this is something new. 
The European folks are super excited. So I'm very excited about the pump because I think it is a transformation for Baxter and is going to be a transformation in the U.S. market as well. I'm also excited about the PD business in the U.S., AAKHI opened the door for this business to grow. We were growing at 5% to 6%. We started to see the growth hitting now 7%, 8%, 9%, 10% as last quarter. So we think high-single-digits to about 10%. It is a great place for this business to be. We made investments already for the short-term capacity need. We're going to be looking at more investment if we need to. We're also looking at new technology eventually to come into the cycler business that will change our ability to service even better our customers. 
China PD is a great business that is also growing 8% to 10% a year. We're #1 there. It's a good business for us and it's a very profitable business for us. So this is a driver that excites me. And actually, I have a call this week looking at more capacity for the renal business in Asia.
Also, we have some molecules like Myxredline that we were not able to roll out well in 2020 because of the pandemic, as you know. This is a new way that the product is configured -- insulin, premixed insulin. And we need to service the accounts and be able to promote that. And we were not able to get into hospitals for the longest and I would tell you that this is going to be almost like a relaunch in 2021. And we're excited about that. 
Also, going back to normal, I think the ability to be participant in the vaccine business as a fill-finish company that we are between our plant in Bloomington, Indiana and Halle in Germany will be able to be a participant in this business. So we look at all of this as drivers for 2021. 
But beyond 2021, we also have some notable launches that I'm excited about, ambulatory pump in 2021, a few advanced surgery businesses, new products -- rather new products coming out, some pharmaceuticals as well. So our innovation has not stopped. We took a little break in our labs in the beginning of the pandemic, but we're back in on our labs operations pretty intensively and we're getting things out there. The employees of Baxter have been relentless in the innovation. We're going to transform this company's innovation pathway.

David, I would say that first of all, if -- we're contemplating both scenarios. The approval and being included or not included, okay? We have a good momentum going on outside the U.S. with THERANOVA. It's -- as a matter of fact it's a little bit of a downer for our colleagues outside the U.S. because the way if this gets approved in the U.S., U.S. is going to take most of the volume of the world. And they were gaining pretty good momentum until we upped the capacity to supply them. So our plan B is if it doesn't gets reimbursed here, it doesn't mean that we're not going to sell it here. We're going to continue to sell. We actually had the first sale of THERANOVA about 3 weeks ago in the U.S. We will then press forward with outside the U.S., and that sales growth is in the double digits with really good margins. 
I will refrain now to give you a number for 2021. We'll be more precise about this number. If this product gets included in the TPNIES coming up early November, we then become more clear about what that impact is in the U.S. But I want our investors to know that despite the fact it may or may not get TPNIES approval in the U.S., we'll continue to sell it in the U.S., and we will expand and accelerate the sale of the products overseas. 
So in the -- at the end of the day, the product is still a great product for our patients. We believe in the product and the clinical evidence is there as we were able to show to the government.

I'll add as well that we have a new Head of Manufacturing, Jim Borzi, he comes in with tremendous experience and already making a difference. We're looking to significantly alter some of the ways we do things in the engineering groups and parts of the company. So we will be looking for efficiency and productivity in operations throughout the fourth quarter and next year. So this will contribute when we think about back to a normal gross margin, it has to do with mix, it has to do with COVID, it has to do with efficiencies because if you're producing less in some of our factories, the cost is actually much higher because the lack of efficiency of running plants 24/7. 
As we adjusted already our capacity down without affecting at all the customer at the end because we're holding inventory for any kind of spike in demand due to the COVID situation. We are relentless looking for productivity improvements. And we have put a tremendous faith that Jim and the team in global supply chain will continue to look for those efficiencies throughout 2021 to offset some of the losses until the situation comes back to normal, and then we'll continue to progress in our quest for improving gross margin.

I think you answered it very well. I'll simply supplement the answer with the 4 pillars of transforming Baxter, the last one is transformation of the portfolio to outdo our weighted average market growth rate. Now with a solid balance sheet, with our cost structure and SG&A in place, with the innovation pathway set internally for organic investment, and talent and culture being one that we've tackled first, now our focus is undivided on how do we alter our portfolio in a way that we'll continue to provide value to our patients and customers but also create a good return for our investors. And we always look at the ROIC and the IRR and NPV on these deals. We were very stringent some time ago, not that we changed how we look at them, but we were in a position in the very beginning when I started here 5 years ago with a very low free cash flow and very low cash reserves. 
Now we feel that we have a solid balance sheet, and that actually help us understand the landscape better, open the opportunities. So it doesn't mean we're doing something. I'm not indicating that. I'm just saying that we are relentless looking for those opportunities.

And Larry, also we were planning to launch NOVUM IQ in the fourth quarter, and that carries a higher-margin as well, as we all carry the sales. So the combination of 2 are the ones that created a little bit of headwind in the fourth quarter that we'll see easing off throughout next year.

So we have the ability to do that. As a matter of fact, we have 2 different plants, 1 in Germany with a little bit more capacity, and Bloomington. And we have the ability to help the country and the manufacturers of the vaccine developers in this process. We are part of this network of companies that finish vaccines. We have that ability and we cannot comment on who and what and why? But we are part of this effort, and we hope to be part of this effort continuously throughout this pandemic. I'm talking about coronavirus, COVID-19, I'm not speaking about flu.

Throughout this pandemic earlier on -- early on in the pandemic, I think the insertion, catheter insertion for PD was deemed emergency surgery. So our fear was if you -- in the very beginning, if people don't have an opportunity to have the catheter, they will straight -- go straight into hemodialysis and that's it. We see 6% even throughout this pandemic as a very good number. If you think about the AAKHI and you just do the math, the growth would go between 8% and 10%. That's where we should be looking at for the future. So it represents a really good opportunity for the patients to take advantage of this therapy. And also for Baxter, which has been for 3 or 4 decades behind this therapy that finally is being more understood and infused in the U.S.

Listen, the point-of-care was a project that we've actually proven that works. We have the technology to make it work. We are focusing right now in developing new technology for cyclers as well as we have some investments, minority investments in companies in the wearable space. So Baxter is playing in all these spaces, not only point of care, but also in technologies that will make more affordable the cycle. The issue that I think we have with the cycler is not one that affects much the U.S. as much as it affects the penetration of APD across the globe, it's a very expensive cycler, which you don't see adoption in most countries they are in development today. So to give access to health care and access to that technology, our teams are developing very interesting technologies that eventually will be global in nature and used. 
Also, I think wearable technology offers a promising future and we have minority investment in that kind of technology. We also are very focused on point-of-care in terms of technology that can be used with some of those that are being developed in conjunction, not as itself being launched but being added to other technologies that we're currently developing. We have a pretty healthy spend in our Renal Care business, and we don't plan to ease off on that and continue to develop those products.

Well, the admissions in hospitals come from few places, one of them is the ED and the other one is procedures, it's OR. People who have schedule or -- scheduled procedures, either scheduled procedures through normal routes or a knee replacement or a gastric bypass or a colon procedure, oncology. That part, the procedure levels are coming back to normal levels. And I think will normalize, as you can see now, even with the pandemic research in so many places, hospitals are more reluctant now to stop the procedures altogether. There's a few doing that, more of them are saying that they will be able to accommodate COVID patients as well as procedures in the other side of the hospital. That is unaffected, and we see healthy pickup and going into the fourth quarter, not perhaps at the same level as we saw pre-COVID, but close to those levels. 
What we see as issue is the ED has 20% to 25%, 30% reduction in visits. Those visits are the ones that generate admissions into hospitals, as well for the general floor. So -- and we see primarily Medicare patients who are more reluctant, because of the age, to go to an ED visit even to be admitted. So they are presenting themselves later with more severe issues. So that is how we look at this. We also look at surgery centers, and we look at alternate sites for procedures, and those actually are doing well.

Yes. We saw a pretty good recovery in Europe. If you remember our second quarter numbers were affected and now the third quarter, even with issues is not -- is still showing growth. The concern that we have is the 2 largest markets that you have in Europe right now is one of them, France, the other one is Germany. Those are the 2 largest markets in Europe, followed by Spain, U.K. and Italy. So you see a resurge in the lockdown for 30 days just announced by Angela Merkel. You will see that may affect the way people are treated in Europe in the health system. 
Remember, uninsured and noninsured patients is not an issue in Europe. So you don't see the reluctance to go to the ED, but you see a concern in people having procedures is hospitals continue to fill up would be for us to watch very closely. When we do modeling here, we don't do modeling only for the U.S., we're doing modeling for U.S. and Europe in a very deep level, even with variations of vaccine approvals and sentiment of the population in terms of going to the hospital. 
As I said, the numbers that people are seeing right now is Medicare patients are more reluctant to go to the hospital today for a chest pain and other ailments, and telemedicine has helped some of this alleviation because you can do that remotely. In Europe, we see that coming up as a trend as well. We're keeping our eyes very close in Europe, but that's part of our analysis as well.