Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I will start with a brief look at our first quarter performance. Then I will share a few thoughts about our ongoing transformation in advance of our upcoming investor conference. Jay will then take a closer look at the Q1 financials and provide an update on our guidance for the rest of the year. We will close with Q&A. 
Baxter kicked off 2018 with strong results, delivering solid top line performance and maintaining the momentum we have built over the course of our business transformation. Sales in the first quarter increased 8% on a reported basis, 4% on a constant currency basis and 3% operationally. 
As a reminder, first quarter operational sales adjust for the impact of foreign exchange, generic competition for cyclophosphamide in the U.S. and the Claris acquisition. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $0.70, increasing 21% year-over-year. This growth reflects the positive contribution of our top line performance, continuous operational efficiency improvements, a benefit from recent changes to our U.S. pension plan and a lower tax rate. 
In line with our outlook, first quarter sales were negatively affected by approximately $25 million due to the temporary manufacturing disruption in Puerto Rico related to Hurricane Maria. As we indicated on our Q4 call, these facilities were already ramping up to prehurricane production levels in January. This significant milestone, coupled with the FDA's granting of regulatory discretion for temporary special importation of certain products, have facilitated our return to a minimum of 100% customer allocation for all major product categories connected with our Puerto Rico operations. 
We'd like to recognize the critical collaboration and support of the FDA in helping us address product supply and relay our continued gratitude to our customers and patients as we worked to resolve this supply challenge. At this point, we do not expect any further revenue impact due to the Hurricane Maria. 
In addition, we continue to identify opportunities to strengthen and optimize our global manufacturing supply network. In the quarter, following a receipt of permanent approval from FDA, we increased shipments of large volume IV solutions from Mexico to the U.S. to address increased U.S. demand. Going forward, we will look to reallocate additional IV solutions volume from select South American manufacturing facilities to the U.S. This action will allow us to complete remediation activities and modernize production processes at certain manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. 
The reallocation of this volume will help us ensure that we have appropriate supply levels to service both existing and new customers in the U.S. market during the period of remediation and modernization and beyond. 
Innovation is essential to our growth equation, and as our Q1 highlights reflect, we're focused on driving growth, both organically and inorganically for optimal impact. Last month, we completed our acquisition of RECOTHROM and PREVELEAK from Mallinckrodt, bringing additional depth to our advanced surgery portfolio of hemostats and sealants. These 2 products are already enhancing our portfolio by offering surgeons additional Baxter options when intraoperative bleeding may occur. 
In addition, our advanced surgery team recently began the launch of TISSEEL Prima in Europe. TISSEEL Prima is a significant enhancement of our market-leading TISSEEL fibrin sealant, now offering surgeons greater speed, precision and control during applications through a fully assembled redesigned syringe. 
Taken together, these developments reflect our broader commitment to driving surgical innovation and the importance we place on advanced surgery as a core growth opportunity. 
In Japan, our renal care team began the launch of Baxter's KAGUYA peritoneal dialysis technology. KAGUYA is very similar to our AMIA APD system while also incorporating several distinct features, reflecting local needs and patient demographics. Currently, nearly all of Japan's end-stage renal disease patients are treated through in-center hemodialysis. We believe KAGUYA represents an important option to facilitate more patients choosing PD therapy as their preferred treatment choice. Early feedback has been positive. 
All-in, our Q1 results and efforts we've made to strengthen both our innovation pipeline and our manufacturing operations reflect the swift, steady progress we have made on Baxter's strategic transformation. We remain focused on our mission to save and sustain lives and on our top quartile performance goals. 
At the same time, our objective is to accelerate growth by expanding Baxter's impact across the health care spectrum, supported by the evolution of our new product pipeline. We look forward to sharing more information in just a few short weeks at our upcoming investor conference, where we will outline the next chapter in our strategy and what's in store across our businesses. 
And now I'll pass it over to Jay, who will walk you through the quarter's financials in more detail.

Vijay, it hasn't changed. We are very focused on 3 things. We continue to look to deploy capital in dividends; share buybacks, I think we've been very outspoken about that; and M&A. If we don't find the right M&As and we accumulate cash in our balance sheet, we'll buy share back. And our plan is always to continue to increase our dividend year-over-year. So our capital plan's pretty set and unchanged from that point of view.

Robbie, let's start with renal care. I think our -- the change from last year to this year, which we feel confident is propelling momentum. We have a new agreement with DaVita in the U.S. that has been positive for the company. I think we're -- with DaVita, undertaking this large and vast market of potential PD patients. And I think for the benefit for the patient, both companies are engaged in advancing that modality. And I think with the lawsuit and the issues behind us, I think what we're seeing now is the true growth of the market and the potential that we can achieve together. The second one is the pharmaceutical business. I think what you see there is a lack of competition for cyclophosphamide. That's one thing. I think if you look at the performance of Claris, it has come slightly better than we thought. And we continue to plan to launch the molecules that we had planned in the past. So another item that we would like to comment is BREVIBLOC. BREVIBLOC is a drug that now has competition in the marketplace. However, we secured a customer base that continues to provide us with the business, and this has to do with a competitor who should be in the market and was not, coming later on the year. And we think if they don't come, we'll let you know. If they continue to have problems, BREVIBLOC will continue to grow. If they come as we planned, which is in the guidance actually, we will also experience that competition. So the pharmaceutical business is strong despite the fact that BREVIBLOC has a competitor, and it will continue to do well.

We feel that the market is very underpenetrated. Today, there's only 3% of the population eligible for dialysis. That is in peritoneal dialysis. And one of the biggest impediments was the fear of peritonitis and contamination. What KAGUYA does, it has automatic assembly of the connecting tubes in the catheter. So it's hands-free. This device, we just got reports that we are really doing extremely well in our prelaunch efforts in Japan. It looks like it's taking off. So the market in Japan is highly profitable market but was always underpenetrated. So with this launch, we hope that we can unlock the market by providing technology that puts at ease the fear of contamination and peritonitis. So it's a milestone launch for Baxter.

I like the term Goldilocks. I was thinking about -- I kind of pictured that right away instead of the acquisitions we have in mind. We don't put the size as much as what are the adjacencies to our business that lend themselves for acquisitions, okay? We are not pursuing white space acquisitions, meaning, large acquisitions that have very little synergistic value to the company. But we are pursuing acquisitions, anything from $50 million to $3 billion, $4 billion, okay? So those are -- that's the space that we can play. We have the balance sheet to do so. But as I say all the time, it's all about the return, the returns, our ability to integrate successfully, preserve the culture, all the good things that I think we have done with Claris, for instance. Mallinckrodt was a small acquisition, but the integration is similar, has gone extremely well. So we are pursuing very hard, acquisitions. It's not -- we have a very good team in place. So the sizes are not what guides us, but the opportunity to really create value for our shareholders. As I said, double-digit internal rate of return, 500, 600 basis points better than our cost of capital, including debt, cost of debt. I'd say about having an ROIC the 3 to 5 years [ gets ] the company average. And we've been doing a good job with returning invested capital, return on assets, company has done a good job in creating momentum on those 2 indexes. And more so, create long-term growth that has -- that is a market that is equal or better to what Baxter currently competes in. So I would say that, stay tuned. If we don't find those acquisitions, for whatever reason, they don't pan out, we have the balance sheet at our disposal to continue to buy, aggressively, shares back.

You're talking about building on the advanced surgery side, okay? So we do find ourselves with several opportunities. We still need to create a global portfolio that's more uniform, okay? So we're doing that through organic opportunity. So we'll have an active -- several new products being developed. But we still have need to accelerate the entry in the market in some geographies for some products. So you're going to continue to see an active pursuit from Baxter in part relating to its portfolio across the globe. So we can have similar offerings even if it's regional only, they will fulfill the whole gamut of hemostats and sealants that go, like you said, from your basic hemostat all to more complex variations of FLOSEAL and that allows us to provide the physicians what they need to stop the bleeding and heal the patient.

Yes, Bob, also now thinking about it strategically how we provide product for the U.S. business, the U.S. market needs permanent volume increase from Baxter. So we decided to supplement our volumes of large volume [ for inflows ], which are the bags that go from 250 mls to 1 liter with 100 million units coming from Mexico on a permanent basis. So what this does for us is threefold. First of all, eases the fear of us ever getting into a situation where the company has been in the last few years, where we had -- struggled with allocations and things of these sorts; second, allows us to go in and pursue new customers; and thirdly, and as important as the other 2 is the fact that we can have time to modernize and remediate our facilities in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. So having this change in how we allocated volumes across the globe is very important. What people sometimes don't remember is Baxter is a global company with the ability to make products in many countries of the world to supply any geography that we need. And, unfortunately, we had different thinking some time ago where we restrict ourselves to geographies. Not anymore. We have the ability to ship products from Brazil into the U.S., from Columbia into the U.S., from Castlebar in Ireland into the U.S. and vice versa. And we also monitor volumes and demand across the globe. So this is a new company that will be there for our patients and customers as they need our solutions.

Bob, we -- I feel very confident. We are -- if I had to put this in baseball terms, and I hope our audience today understand a little bit of baseball, but I would say that we are at the top of the third inning when it comes to innovation. So we have -- we have set up ourselves well that we have the right research and development team in place right now. We have the right structure in place. And we have really solid strategies by global business unit today. So if I look at the pipeline, every business of ours has a 10-year pipeline. We have technology development teams in place. We have associated ourselves with universities in the case of our sensor for the metric hydration you guys are going to see in May. That has a lot to do with the collaboration between Vanderbilt University and Baxter. So I feel the company has turned the corner in how it learns to innovate. And when I say we're at the top of the third inning because there's a bright future ahead of us. And I think we have now the ability to accelerate, combined with the fact that we're leaning out the organization with an SG&A now sub-22%. So we can now not only deliver the profitability to our investors but also fund some of the innovation that is very needed.

We have no impact of this generic Suprane in the marketplace. And the impact that we have in 2018 is not -- there's no -- so our conclusion goes along with what you just said. It's not an easy product to penetrate the marketplace. And we don't think that at the moment in time, there's any threat to our 2018 numbers, neither we have seen anything that concerns us.

This is like getting a preview of a movie that has now gone to the theaters in the Internet when somebody filmed that illegally in the movie theater. I'm not giving you that one. Wait for it. It's not too far in the future. It's 3.5 weeks. We will be very happy to give you that insight when we are all in New York at the Pierre hotel.

We have complete all the items that we have committed to the FDA. They were going to complete on time. We submitted that to the FDA. We can't speak on behalf of the FDA, but we can speak on behalf of Baxter that we have done everything that we promised to do. And we continue to do because that's not an end game. You just don't do what the FDA asks you to do. We continue to improve, find opportunities to improve our operation at Ahmedabad, and from our estimation, our plant has improved significantly. But we're not the FDA as I said, and I cannot comment on their behalf. But we, at Baxter, continue to be satisfied with the level of improvement that we have seen at our facility.