Thanks, Clare. And before we get into a discussion regarding our third quarter performance, I want to address the ongoing internal investigation that we disclosed in today's press release. First, I want to emphasize that our Board and leadership teams are taking this matter very seriously. Baxter recently begun an internal investigation assisted by experienced outside investors (sic) [ advisers ] into misstatements in our previously reported nonoperating income related to foreign exchange gains and losses. These misstatements were in part a result of the company's historical use of a foreign exchange rate convention that was not consistent with GAAP. Our Board's Audit Committee is overseeing the investigation with the assistance of independent experienced external advisers. We voluntarily advised the SEC that the internal investigation is underway and intend to provide them with additional information as the investigation progresses. The investigation is in its early stages, and we cannot predict its duration or outcome. 
As a result, we do not expect to file a quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2019, on a timely basis. Upon completion of the investigation, our evaluation of the materiality of the misstatements, we expect to either amend our periodic reports previously filed with the SEC to include restated financial statements that correct those misstatements or include in reports for future periods restated comparative financial statements that correct those misstatements.
As part of any corrections to previously issued financial statements after completion of the nonoperating income investigation, Baxter also expects to correct certain operational items that were immaterial to its previously reported results of operations. These items include impact of the use of the foreign exchange rate convention to translate the results of the company's foreign operations into U.S. dollars and the impact of the incorrect accounting for placed equipment that the company leases to its customers.
Across Baxter, we're taking steps to strengthen and enhance our internal controls and look forward to sharing our full financial results as soon as it is appropriate. We will continue to execute against our business strategies targeted to deliver top-quartile industry performance. And our 50,000 employees remain focused on building our positive momentum and maintaining ethics and compliance in everything we do. 
Please note that there isn't additional detail regarding investigation that we can share beyond what we have provided in our press release. We therefore ask that your questions during the Q&A portion of this call be focused on our preliminary operating results, business progress and innovation efforts.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Jay.

As Jay shared, our strategic transformation yielded positive performance across all of our business units and regions in the third quarter. The fundamental health of our business remains strong and reflects our growing momentum. We are continuing to drive operational excellence, strategically deploy capital to create shareholder value and advance compelling innovation in our core areas and effective adjacencies both through robust internal research and development and strategic business development.
In Renal Care, for example, we continue to believe the Advancing American Kidney Health initiative will offer tremendous benefits to patients with home dialysis embraced as a frontline option. We also continue to nurture our innovation pipeline in this space, including advancements in early-stage technology that could have a transformative impact on the treatment of end-stage renal disease.
In Medication Delivery, we're building on our leadership in IV infusion systems and solutions with the internal innovation that is complemented by our expected acquisition of Cheetah Medical, the combination of which will fuel the broader impact of our integrated family of pumps, fluids, medications and monitors.
In Pharmaceuticals, we're continuing to launch a steady stream of new molecules, including the recent introduction of Myxredlin, our new ready-to-use insulin for IV infusion.
In sum, our business strategy objectives and capital allocation philosophy remains unchanged. We are focused on addressing unmet patient and customer needs, building our pipeline and successfully launching products across the globe. At the same time, we continue to actively pursue opportunities to extend our impact through strategic partnerships and business development initiatives. This all supports our goal to accelerate performance and deliver top-quartile results for all stakeholders. 
Now we'll open the call up for Q&A, keeping in mind that we'll be limited in our ability to comment beyond the details we shared this morning.

David, as we said before, the investigation is in early stages. Beyond what we shared in our press release, I cannot provide additional information while the investigation is ongoing. So let's move to the business fundamentals.

So David, let me start with our Medication Delivery business. This is one that our investors have asked so many questions and paying a lot of attention. That business was able to perform very well. Actually, it slightly exceeded my expectations. And I will say that our new pump, our version 9 of our pump is doing very well, extremely well as a matter of fact. We finished our first full integration of that pump in the 2-way system, in a hospital system in the Southwest. We have closed many, many deals that I'm very excited about it. We also are seeing our -- a very stable business in our IV solutions, small- and large-volume parenterals with recovery now on its way and good contracts being signed, some of them surprisingly us being -- doing very well. 
And this is a reflection on the performance of the U.S. Medication Delivery in the U.S. As I said, our head of that business, Heather, and her team in the U.S. are doing a wonderful job there. I want to highlight as well that our launch of PrisMax has been well received in the marketplace. It's one of the fastest launches I've seen. As soon as we launched it in the U.S., within a couple of days, we had purchase orders coming in. The system is really hitting the mark. And I feel the innovation of the company is really starting to bear fruit. So I'm excited about -- when we talk to you about 2020 about the impact of new product sales into next year. 
I also want to talk about the regions themselves. We see a full recovery in Europe. Europe was a real lagger for us and is coming out to be driving well our performance. And great performance in Asia Pacific as well led by China. 
And I want to close by just saying the fundamentals of our PD business -- and this is one of the business when I first started here that we really were a bit concerned about because we had issues with contracts and we had issues with the ability to supply product. And seeing the product -- seeing the patient growth on a global basis is so high, in the U.S., nearly 10%, gives me tremendous confidence that when we hear back on the rule on AAKHI, that can really represent an opportunity for us. 
So the fundamentals of the business puts me quite at ease in how we are doing in the marketplace, the share that we are expanding and our ability to really compete. This is a different Baxter.

So David, we don't have or I don't have any reason to think about any changes in dynamics that would slow down our ability to grow our businesses in the future. Why is that? Baxter has, for the most part of this, largest markets either driven by contracts, which are mid to long term, as well as large tenders outside the U.S. And we see a steady positioning of our products through contracts that give me comfort -- doesn't make me relax but gives me comfort that we're hitting the right places. The innovation coming through, our new pump platform coming on next year, gives me tremendous optimism in terms of how we're going to be able to face new opportunities in the U.S. We are also launching -- we launched the 3-chamber bag in Europe for Nutrition that is doing very well. Our post-Maria recovery in Nutrition, which was very slow in the beginning, we're starting to see some momentum. So I don't have any reasons today to tell you that I'm concerned about the ability of Baxter to grow its top line.

I echo Jay. And I tell you, I just want to point to really the acceleration of PD business. The patient growth has been impressive and not surprising because the therapy is a desirable therapy for the home. But this is one of the levers that we have. And the other lever that we have is also the momentum in our U.S. Medication Delivery business, which we're starting to see the fruits of our change in sales force structure and organization.

Robbie, this is Joe. Great question. We don't comment on any M&A activity that we are contemplating or not. But I think you have a great question when it comes about capital allocation. Capital allocation, as we've mentioned, remains unchanged. We are -- we always prefer strategic deployment of capital into acquisitions. We said before that adjacencies are more reasonably priced and easier to integrate, and we are very open to those. We also have not changed our view on dividends at all and how -- at the end of the day, we're not going to be hoarding cash. So if we find ourselves with excess cash in our balance sheet, we make a decision to appropriately buy shares back. So I just want to say to you and to the folks on the call that no change has been contemplated neither in sight to our current capital allocation policy. 
Jay, anything on that?

Bob, we are just being cautious. We can't predict when the FDA will come in and reinspect the plant. We have not been reinspected yet, and we're coming towards the end of 2019. We have done everything that we committed to do to date for the FDA. We have improved our operations. We have modified facilities. We have done a lot of different things that we -- as we promised. But we can't predict, so we're better off just not counting on something. And if it comes, fine. If it doesn't, at least we're upfront telling you. 
But what you need to think about is that we are committed for a backup plan, and we're investing money to have most of these products on a CRO basis if we ever need to activate CROs. So our pharmaceutical group not only is very busy right now with significant amount of new opportunity in pipeline they will be formulating -- the example is Myxredlin, but they also will be working on continuing closing all these CRO opportunities for -- as a backup.

Oh, I just want to rephrase. I incorrectly used the contract manufacture organization, and I used CRO, which is contract research organization. I apologize to distract that from the -- CMO, CMO organizations. I'm very sorry.

Well, I think that the therapy's benefit was always very clear, but I think that our -- there is an acceptance of the therapy probably more widely today than was before. But I have to say that our partners, DaVita being one of them, have been working very closely with us in a very collaborative manner. And that has created the opportunity for us to continue to deploy our resources to train nurses and patients. 
I also underscore that Baxter has made significant operational changes in making products, what we make, how much capacity we're putting in place, giving confidence to our partners that we can actually supply the market versus perhaps back in 2013, '14 and '15 when we had some constraints in allocation of resources. So if now the clinics and their doctors and our partners feel more confident, I think that plays a role, but I also think the move into the home is becoming more perfectly apparent to our constituents. This is a good result, and we'll be working very hard to make sure that we continue on with these partnerships.

So I think there was some timing on the performance outside the U.S. Also, we have focused tremendously in making sure that we have launched our new pump, Evo IQ, what's outside the U.S. We had a slow launch of that product in the U.K., which is going to be picking up momentum later this year into next year. That was a little bit of the weakness that we found there as well. And -- but we had a very good momentum in Latin America, very good momentum, and we are on track on that. And then we also -- in Canada, we just launched our new pump there. 
So don't read anything on the OUS numbers. More so, you should feel comfortable that in the U.S., we got this thing addressed, and we've got the numbers right. And we don't talk about comparison at the moment. We're not going to be talking about quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year. But I can tell you that based on my expectations, this business is doing well. It's doing well, and I'm very happy with the performance that we have demonstrated that at one point in time was being quite challenged by other constituents. We are on track on that.

Well, I don't want to get into the sausage making because there's a lot of work being done. We have a full team. But we are -- we submit our comments to HHS, and we also have submitted our THERANOVA for the de novo process. So I'm very happy. Our team, led by Laura Angelini and Tony Woodson, have done a great job in getting this on time to the FDA. Now is the comments need to go in, and they need to come back with the final resolution about the process itself. Remember, it does not only affect our product but affects other categories of medical devices. But we are -- we're confident. We're seeing some of the early data that was done outside the U.S. on THERANOVA, and we find that to be very compelling. I think the HHS saw that as well. 
So we're on track. But remember, this is not a 2020 conversation. This is a 2021 conversation, okay, because this is going to take us time. By the time we get to the product approved and get this -- the reimbursement firmed, we'll take about 12 months to start implementing.

That is correct. This is our best estimate right now. If anything changes, we'll let you guys know in one of our calls.

Well, listen, we -- at one point in time, a few years ago, I would say, about 3 years ago, we had 2 lines within our plant in Alabama that were not operational. We did not enable them to start operating because the capacity versus demand was balanced. As we start getting more successful in the dialyzer business and start selling more product, we activate those lines. Those are complex lines, and we had issues in getting them started up. So we will have some investments that we're making in quality and operations in this plant for the next 12 months. We're going to increase our -- the amount of investment in that plant to make sure that the lines will be ready to be converted to THERANOVA if we decide to do so. But we need to do some investment, some expenses that will go up a little bit next year in terms of enabling that plant to be fully capable of making THERANOVA or Revaclear. And then we're going to decide which is the best mix for our patients and for our customers and also for Baxter in general.

Well, I had a great discussion with the head of that business, David Ferguson, the other day. And for us, the vision of that business is preventable harm. How do we create a system that integrate pumps and fluids that you continue to treat the most critical patients in a way that they can recover and exit the critical stage faster either in the septic stage or any acute other stage? 
So we find that the hemodynamic balance of the patient to be very important to us. So we start with PIVA, which we started our clinical trials actually a couple weeks ago. Then Cheetah comes in and give us more qualitative data in terms of the treatment of that patient. But there are other things that we're looking around, a series of monitoring technologies that will come to surround our patient in the ICU to be able to get that patient out of the critical condition as fast as possible. And to that, we can also think about -- don't think about Medication Delivery exclusively. Think about our acute renal care therapy, our CRRT therapy because that plays a role also, not only feeding but also helping diagnose and determine when to start. Because the patient, when it gets to the point that you're checking the hemodynamic balance, you're checking the quality of that treatment, is also a patient that sometimes has acute kidney injury and is incapable of doing -- the kidneys are not operating anymore. So all of this together, how do we create a business for critical care patients that prevents harm and improves the ability of that patient to get out of the critical stage? 
So you're going to see a lot of different movements from Baxter in this area that was not, in the past, a priority for us because we think having the best pump platform that is coming out next year is one lever. Having the fluids available for the hospital is a second lever. But now how do you create this net, this safety net that can bring the patient to a better outcome faster?

That is fair. That is fair. Remember, we have a very large and stable business within Medication Delivery which are fluids. And for that, we're working very hard and have worked very hard to stabilize, get the contracts in place, get the supply chain in place. So this was Phase I because without that, it's a nonstarter. So we start doing that, and that became our priority. Now the second priority, so let's get a pump platform that has all the pumps that they need. And they are connected. They are 2-way communications. And how do we make them more intelligent? Third, how do you surround that patient with a safety net that promotes -- that prevents harm and allows the patient to get out of critical care faster? 
So you see this all comes together, but we had to do it in phases because we had a business that was a little bit in disarray. And now we have that business that's quite organized, quite ready to go. And by the way, when we look at the people selling this, the whole restructuring of the sales force that we're putting in place not only in the U.S. but other parts of the world, is because we're going to have a global pump product. This is not about the U.S. anymore. That makes it, I'd say, the fourth pillar of having this business completely revamped.

I would say, Vijay, that compounding has had an effect. On a sequential basis, we have -- we've been very successful with compounding. But compounding is a business that varies a lot based on what kind of drugs go into biosimilars and mineral compounding business outside the U.S. So biosimilars are very successful outside the U.S., so depends on when they go on. On biosimilars, we have not a reduction in profit, but we have a reduction in the -- in sales just because of the purchase price. 
The other one is we're anniversarying dexmed. Remember, this is a $80-plus million business that we're anniversarying right now. Myxredlin is just starting to pick up the momentum. We're picking up -- starting to see sales go up on that insulin -- ready-to-use insulin product. But the Myxredlin -- I'm sorry, but the dexmed anniversaries in there. So there are some puts and takes in the whole quarter, but it's not -- no, I don't see anything terribly different that would alter the momentum.

Vijay, this has been a policy that's been here. Independent of this investigation, we wouldn't have given you this answer no matter what, no matter what.

Larry, we -- all the comment -- sorry, ours and a bunch of it, over 100 comments that went into the system. I think the government -- original prediction was in November, we would hear from the HHS. It can be January. We hope as soon as possible. So as soon we hear from that, we are internally preparing several different scenarios in terms of growth rates and investments. That's why we announced the $500 million investment. But there's some stuff that we can do in the meantime to increase capacity, but we're going to have to invest money. So we are looking -- we have all these scenario planned, ready to go. We're just waiting to hear what is going to be the rule itself. Is this mandatory or voluntary? Is there -- are there any changes that will make demand go up or down? Is the population that they're experimenting with, the change in the policy, the same size that was originally conceived or differently? So there are so many variables. We are on it, and we'll be ready to talk to you folks as soon as we hear from the HHS when the rule is finalized, and we are ready to go. 
Your question on point of care. Point of care, we are continuing with the clinical trial. We have more patients enrolled. And that's a great thing for us to understand how to mix a -- how to compound a drug in somebody's home. And we've been successful in doing that. But don't get all focused on that alone. We are making investments in some very interesting early technologies, and we're very excited about it. So we're seeing some other stuff. We're being first there, getting to know. We are making investments, sitting on boards of these technology companies. We think the horizon is opening quite rapidly for innovation when it comes to treatment of patients at home. So I would say, in about 5 to 7, 8 years, this outlook how you treat patients may change. And Baxter will be there because we are in the -- embedded in a lot of this new technology that is being developed at the moment.

Larry, we do have product in the U.S. that will have multi-chambers. We think the U.S. is a slightly different market than the European market. The European market's a really early adopter of multi-chamber bags. We -- our multi-chamber bag in the U.S. will come at the right time. As a matter of fact, we have some very advanced plans in having the product here. 
The thing that I want you to focus is that there are opportunities outside the U.S. that we are very concentrated right now in putting together. There's opportunities in China. There are opportunities in other parts of the world. And we are also developing and feel really good about a new multi-chamber technology that our folks in Belgium are looking in developing. 
So we will continue to compete well. As you know, we are market leaders in the U.S. in parenteral nutrition. And we'll continue to affirm our position by launching either multi-chamber bags, either with fish oil, olive oil, whatever we think is the best combination for the patients here.