Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We're pleased to share our second quarter results with you today and to discuss our updated expectations for 2019. 
I will begin with a quick review of our performance in the quarter, and Jay will then provide more detail on the financials. We'll wrap up with Q&A. 
Baxter maintained its positive trajectory in the second quarter of 2019, delivering sales growth of 4% on both a constant currency and operational basis. 
On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $0.89, exceeding our expectations and up 16% year-over-year. Growth in the quarter was driven by top line sales performance, operational efficiency initiatives, a lower tax rate and a reduced share count. All 6 of our Global Business Units contributed positively to constant currency sales growth, powered, in part, by our revitalized innovation efforts. 
On a constant currency basis, global growth in the Renal Care continues to be driven by increasing patient volumes for our peritoneal dialysis products. As expected, results in the quarter were negatively impacted due to the strategic exit of the U.S. in-center hemodialysis bloodlines business. Performance was also impacted by a recall and certain manufacturing challenges at one of our facilities that produces Revaclear dialyzers used for hemodialysis. 
This is creating a temporary supply constraint, as we have been selectively slowing down production lines at this facility to address this situation. However, Revaclear production is now ramping up, and we expect to return to healthier inventory levels over the next few months. We do expect to incur incremental costs in the second half of the year, as we work to enhance our production capabilities at this facility. 
I also wanted to take a moment to discuss the recent advance in American Kidney Health Initiative announced by the White House earlier this month. As proposed, it would have a transformative impact on the treatment of end-stage renal disease, or ESRD, in the U.S. This is part of an emerging trend taking shape in worldwide, as payers, clinicians and patients increasingly embrace home PD as a frontline ESRD treatment option based on key economic, therapeutic and lifestyle benefits. 
Baxter is the pioneer and global market leader in home PD and we fully support this initiative to broaden the adoption of home dialysis across the United States. As noted in our release this morning, we anticipate capital investments of $500 million to significantly increase our production capacity and meet new patient needs in line with proposed CMS models. 
These investments will be scaled to align with the patient and market dynamics across the innovation curve. Increased demand would in turn help accelerate Renal Care growth and contribute positively to Baxter's previously communicated financial estimates. 
We are working to model the anticipated impacts and expect to be in a better position to provide additional information about what this initiative means for Baxter, once the rule is potentially finalized later this year. 
 
Moving on our Medication Delivery business returned to solid, constant currency growth globally. We're now emerging from a challenging performance comparison due to spike in demand for large volume IV solutions in the first half of 2018. Growth this quarter benefited from the continued uptake of our new infusion pumps, Spectrum IQ in the U.S. and Evo IQ in selected international markets and related disposables. Increased sales for Mini-Bag Plus in the U.S. and large volume IV solutions internationally also contributed to the growth in the quarter. 
Mid-single-digit constant currency growth in our Pharmaceuticals business was driven by increased demand for Baxter hospital pharmacy compounding services. The contribution from recent launches of injectable pharmaceuticals such as dexmed and the Baxter Ahmedabad business. This strength helped offset the expected impact of generic competition in U.S. for BREVIBLOC and cyclophosphamide. 
The Pharmaceuticals business remains a key growth driver for the company. And we'll continue to benefit from new product launches, including the recent approval of Myxredlin, the first and only ready-to-use insulin for IV infusion in a hospital or acute care setting. 
Baxter's Clinical Nutrition business delivered low single-digit sales growth globally on a constant currency basis. We're continuing to rebuild momentum here, supported, in part, by the launch of new products, including OLIMEL N12, higher protein formulation and FINOMEL, our novel fish oil-based triple-chamber container. We're also positioning for a U.S. launch of Clinolipid, Baxter's proprietary olive oil-based lipid emulsion later this year. 
Advanced Surgery delivered high teens growth at constant currency rates. Performance in the quarter benefited from competitive supply constraints, which resulted in incremental demand for both FLOSEAL and RECOTHROM. 
Finally, Acute Therapies posted high single-digit, constant currency growth, fueled, in part, by the ongoing rollout of our PrisMAX next-generation technology for CRRT and therapeutic plasma exchange. PrisMAX can be found in the intensive care units in more than 20 countries across Europe and Asia-Pacific. There are plans to bring additional markets onboard through 2020. 
As all these highlights reflect, we are continuing to see Baxter's renewed emphasis on innovation, gaining traction and delivering results across our businesses. There is a great promise and potential ahead, fueled by our research and development pipeline, strong balance sheet and emerging opportunities. Most importantly, our employees, who are inspired and empowered by our mission to save and sustain lives. Our transformation is on track, and we remain absolutely focused on delivering sustainable top quartile performance and service our patients, shareholders and the rest of our broad stakeholder base. 
Now I'll pass it on to Jay for a closer look at our financials and outlook.

David, the business, as we had predicted, had a really tough comp in the first quarter. But we had confidence in our ability to secure current customers that have been with us for many years. So we have -- we signed all GPO agreements and, for the most part, we signed a great deal of IDN agreements as well. The market is stable. We found opportunities to gain new customers, not only in the acute care market, but also in the OEM or contract manufacturing business that is important to us, help us in our facilities, but also improve the visibility of Baxter product line across all sets of care. 
When it comes to pumps, we have a very healthy pipeline. There's always pluses and minuses, but I would say, at the moment, the pluses are winning pretty handily the opportunities that we have. But I would tell you, the new management group that we have put in the U.S. has done an extraordinary job in understanding the pipeline, in the creation of value. Our Spectrum version 9 is a wonderful pump. It's a really good device with the #1, best-in-class drug library. And that has been very important to us in terms of having this product showcased for our customers. So the business, as we predicted, is healthy. We're going to continue to make progress. And this continues to be a source of investment for us as our new pump platform is coming along extremely well, and we're very comfortable with the launch time line for it.

Yes. Sure. Robbie, the whole thing about R&D was for us to create efficiency in the R&D line. And the spending has not been very different than, if you go back to 2016, it's just a mix where we're spending and how we're spending the money. So we abandoned large programs that had absolutely no return on investment. And we invest in significant opportunities in areas of Medication Delivery, acute renal care with our point-of-care in PD as well as some very quick turnaround new products in Advanced Surgery, some in the Nutrition area. 
So if you think about -- we also have significant arbitrage in labor because we've created centers of excellence across the globe. But also now we have a very large center in Bangalore, India, we never had. So it is a well-managed group. Our heads of R&D, led by our GPO leaders and Sumant Ramachandra, who is the -- has overarching responsibility for the function, have been very successful in reallocation of costs. So I want to just tell our investors that we're very focused in innovation and that fluctuation in spending is nothing other than being efficient and timings of the investments has nothing to do with us going and tightening the belt in R&D programs.

Robbie, it has been a very, very busy first half analyzing opportunities. The way we allocate capital inorganically is not very different than how we allocate organically. We do have focus in the area of monitoring, in the areas of acute renal care and critical care. We also are very focused in looking at individual molecules. So what I'm going to -- I say to our investors is think about Baxter adding value with the small tuck-ins, as we look for the right opportunity and valuation for a larger deal. It is very, very rich, right now the market is frothy, and we are not going to compromise on the returns of these acquisitions. 
Every acquisition has -- the larger they get, the inherent risk is enormous. And we all understand that. We all take risks. But there is a point where the cost of investing in that asset and the price and valuations are so out of whack that you cannot make internal rate of return of low single digits. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. And then anything goes wrong, the FDA comes about and tells that a product that you have has a compound that is made into the product that doesn't work. Now your whole valuation of that target is under scrutiny. You've got to be very careful with this and understand your guidance. 
I think Baxter is surprising to our investors how much opportunity there was and there is and there will be in our base businesses and how we have the opportunity to innovate and continue to maintain #1 position in most of our businesses and watch us in the pump business, watch us there because we're coming out with a great platform of pumps and monitoring devices. So the thing is let's add to those inorganically as tuck-ins. Let's not think about all the time this huge capital investment and allocation into assets that are overly expensive. 
Then I'll tell you something else, we will continue to acquire our shares prudently when we see the prices are there because we're not going to sit on cash. As I said to you, cash is not going to burn a hole in our pockets.

Well if you think about our long-range plan, when you give a 5-year plan, you're always going to have puts and takes on how you're going to make things happen, okay? You have the best intentions in the world, you have the best plans in the world, not everything works the same way on the positive side and negative side. So for instance, we didn't plan to have our insulin product premixed approved as early as we did. We planned actually to have that approval towards the end of the year. That's a plus for us, right? 
But other things work the other way as well. So when I look at the major forces that we have going on right now, you have a tremendous momentum in our peritoneal dialysis business. So you know, just in terms of patient growth, we are experiencing a healthy growth in terms of patients without even having the executive order from the White House coming in and becoming a rule and that will be transformational for the Renal business. But just that where we experienced high single-digit growth in patients in PD. So that has an effect to our plan that offsets many, many negatives that can appear in the future. So I feel at this moment that between everything that is happening in the market and the things that are happening in Baxter, that we cannot sit here and say what we told you last year we reconfirm today, okay?

Sure. We have, to the best of our ability, scoped a project to -- based on interpretation of the executive order that we have, okay? And that is not final rule yet and there will be -- comments will be complete in about 50 days. And after that, the HHS has time to put the rule in place. So based on what we know and interpreted from the executive order, we have a 3-phase investment here. We have an investment where we can supply the market with the growth that is projected in the beginning because it's the progressive -- remember, this addresses the best market about 50% of the overall served market. And then from that 50%, there is a ramp. There is a period where clinics are given an opportunity to change their patterns between clinic hemodialysis and home therapy. So based on that, we can accommodate with some supply chain that we did extremely well about 1.5 years ago by relocating and reregistering products from all over the Americas. So we can do that. 
Then there is a second phase where we do a small investment, more modest than $500 million that give us incremental capacities all the way then to start investing into a new plant. The investment will be -- depends upon the time, sometimes concurrently done. But the effect of the throughput will be felt later -- in later years. Remember, this is a 7-year program. So we feel, as a company, our responsibility, more responsibility to our customers and more so to the patients, is to be there for this opportunity. So we're going to make everything possible to not be a problem during the ramp-up that is so aggressively laid out in the executive order.

Larry, the opportunities that we're having are mostly, mostly, related to the strength of our -- version 9 of our pump, its operability, its drug library. So we have customers who have been our customers for a long time and it's not for them to renew, they like the innovation and evolution of the product and they just buy it. There is always opportunity when there is a problem with a competitor in the market if that problem is perceived to be more prominent than temporary. So we need to think about, as we look at our Advanced Surgery business, that is going to be probably a temporary gain until the competitor comes back on the market. And because our product is so good, the FLOSEAL is the best product on the market, there's opportunity to retain accounts, right? 
So the same applies for the infusion pumps. It depends upon how permanent, how temporary the issues that competitors are having. But I think the success that we've been having is, first of all, a very good sales effort, new team, completely focused on pipeline. Second is the ability to demonstrate the technical superiority of our drug library compared to the competitors. 
To your point, on the new pump platform, no, the customers who need the product now, they'll take the product now. I just want to let you know that LVP, which is a large volume parenteral pump, which is what we have today. Remember, we don't have any other pump and that's what we have today. The guts of the new pump are different, are more modern and will be a horizontal pump. But the workflow, the drug library, all the features are the same. Meaning, you have a new product with phenomenal operability, but also has a great pumping mechanism in the new pump platform. We have a great pump mechanism today in version 9 and the operability is the same. 
So the customers have a lot to gain when Baxter launches the other pumps, which are probably the same family with the same interoperability. So it'd be a new platform on the market that has that capability. And I think the customers can see that going forward. If they need a pump now, there's nothing that they're losing on this current version versus the new platform with a large volume parenteral, but what we are bringing to the market is not only syringe with patient-controlled analgesia, PCA, as well as in 12 months from the launch of the first one, is ambulatory. So I hope this answers your question and put our investors at ease that there is no business being postponed because we don't have the NPP today.

Our Pharmaceutical business is -- our strategy is starting to take shape. It took a little bit. We have built a second-to-none formulation team between India and Northern Illinois, very talented vis-à-vis our partnership to the -- to launch the insulin product, dexmed. And this is just the beginning of a very long pipeline. 
When it comes to Claris, what we call Baxter Ahmedabad, we are doing everything that we have spoken to the FDA and have told the FDA we're going to do. It's up to the FDA to lift or to inspect us again and provide us with their feedback, okay? But nevertheless, we are de-risking any Claris opportunity for the future by having ultimate supplies for almost everything that we make there. And also for the future molecules, we are de-risking that by going to CMOs instead and having Claris possibly as a backup in the future. 
There's one molecule that I want to speak about, the name of the molecule -- but that molecule we're developing in Ahmedabad, but also we're going to have a pilot operation in our Northern Illinois facilities. So we can have possibly a backup. This is more of a longer term. So we're doing not only everything that we told the FDA we're going to do to remediate the warning letter that was given to us the day that we bought the company, but also we are doing everything we can to de-risk any future revenue stream. Now the performance of the business is doing very well. It's double-digit growth. That business is resilient. It's doing well. And it's not only in the U.S., but it's also in Europe, that it's doing well. So this is the state of our Pharmaceutical business.

We have done a couple of things. We accelerated the development and pulling some molecules from the future that we think in any case will be able to offset any negatives that will come out of a potential. And I cannot actually rate likely or unlikely because I'm not the FDA. So right now our plans for 2021, if happens, if we get the clearance and can commercialize products that are new on file from the plant, will be great. We'll follow our plan. If that has any postponement for whatever reason, we have backup plans that will probably not alter the trajectory of that business. So there's upside if that happens, if we are successful in 2021.

Matt, you think about this, if you read the executive order, is the significant amount of interpretations and things they have buried in, that's why they have the comment and that's why the rule is not there yet. But think about this today. We are 12% penetrated in PD in the United States. Remember, this is a home -- okay, there's 3 pillars to it, 2 of them are interconnected, which is the transplantation process and number of available kidneys to be transplanted with a lot of incentives not only -- no, in terms of health care, insurance for donors and things like that, all the way to moving from the clinic to the home. Two different modalities, home hemodialysis and PD. Baxter is a leader with close to 70% of market share in PD on a global basis, in U.S. around the same number, okay? 
So if it's 12% in U.S. and there is a 50% population that is being target for demonstration. If you look at the targets of the government, it's not inconceivable to think about double patients just in the period of demonstration within the 7 years of the demonstration period. So it tells you that you would double the incident patients, not the prevalent, but the incident patients going forward. That's how we have done some of our analysis. But our plans are flexible. So we can flex up the investment if we need to or flex down the investment because it's progressive. There is Phase I with no investment, Phase II with some investment and Phase III, which is to build a new plant. 
All of them we will launch very similarly in time because they have different lead times for execution. But those are designed to support the program as it was designed, but as I said to you, if this rule comes up in November, we will have the ability to adjust our plans. But right now, we want to ensure that the government knows, our investor knows, our patients and customers know that we are committed to the program and we'll do everything possible to help the patients get the therapy that they deserve and for us, as a company, to grow in this sector, which is so important and it has been so underestimated and underpenetrated for so many years, not only in the U.S., but across the globe.

Well, we are here waiting for a decision from -- actually not from HHS, but probably from -- between the HHS and the scoring process that happens at the budget office. So we know as much as you do. But we are excited about the possibility. And we have several different avenues to get done over in the U.S. Most importantly, we have agreed with the FDA on the de novo process. And this challenge that we have back in the U.S. will be timely resolved. 
And the plant -- one of the issues that we had at the plant, we tried to ramp up the plant too fast because our dialyzers volume went up between 2 different forecasts. And when we tried to do the ramp-up, we encountered some issues because the plant was underutilized at that moment. But with this -- no, not all bad, there's a few things good come out of it. And one of them is that we're going to be fully staffed and equipped on our order lines and our plant in Opelika to be able to have the ability to produce THERANOVA when it's needed.