Thank you, Clare, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining today's call. I will begin with an overview of the macroeconomic factors they have and will continue to impact our performance in 2022. I will then provide some commentary on the second quarter. Jay will take a closer look at our financials and outlook, after which we will open up the lines for your questions. 
I want to start by thanking many of you for joining us at our 2022 investor conference, whether in person or virtually. Our goal was to share our strategy to drive leading-edge health care innovation create compelling value for patients, clinicians, employees and investors. It was also a great opportunity to showcase how the acquisition of Hillrom is helping power the next phase of our transformation journey by fueling connected care innovation, expanding the global reach of our combined portfolio and growing our presence across the continuum of care. 
And our innovation hall offered a firsthand look at how this momentum is already coming to life in tangible ways in hospitals, homes and physicians' offices worldwide. 
With respect to our current environment, overall demand remains strong across our combined portfolio. At the same time, we're experiencing significant back quarters and backlogs for certain products due to ongoing supply chain challenges like those impacting industries globally. This is affecting access to a variety of raw materials and components, including electromechanical components used in many of our products. Securing these necessary components has resulted in an incremental spot purchases with costs that are meaningfully above and beyond what we had anticipated earlier this year. 
In addition, the delays in receiving many of these materials and/or components have forced unplanned temporary shutdowns in our manufacturing facilities, which negatively impact our absorption rates. 
Taken together, the negative impact of these increased spot purchases and temporary shutdowns will primarily be realized in Baxter's results during the second half of the year. In addition, ongoing inflationary pressures, coupled with increased freight expenses, primarily driven by the rapid rise in diesel and jet fuel prices has created incremental pressures on the cost of doing business for the company. As the quarter progressed, we saw both diesel and jet fuel prices diverging from crude oil increasing at a much faster pace. Historically, changes to both diesel and jet fuel prices have trended in line with the degree of change seen in crude oil prices. 
And with our mission to save and sustain lives, we will never compromise on doing what is right to address the urgent needs of the patients and clinicians that depend on us. This means utilizing more expedited shipping channels than anticipated as we work relentlessly to ensure products get to where they are most needed. It also means carrying higher levels of inventory than normal as many of our raw materials and finished goods are held up in transit given ongoing global supply chain challenges. 
At our investor conference, you heard some of the significant actions we have been implementing in response to unprecedented challenges. Our actions reflect the unrelenting commitment to operational excellence, there has been a signature of our multiyear transformation. This tenacity is helping us navigate and mitigate near-term pressures to the degree possible as we stay focused on driving long-term value and growth for our shareholders and other key stakeholders. 
As always, we remain committed to ensuring we have the optimal cost structure. And to that end, we are actively identifying opportunities to further optimize our expense base to enhance performance, including pulling forward certain Hillrom cost synergies. 
Given the significant increase in costs that we have absorbed and continue to incur in the production and delivery of our portfolio of life-saving products, we are preparing to pass through a portion of this incremental cost to our customers in the second half of 2022 and beyond. 
Shifting now to our second quarter financial performance, which is the second full quarter since the close of our Hillrom acquisition. Sales for the quarter grew 21% and on a reported basis and 26% at constant currency rates. Legacy Hillrom sales contributed $715 million to our total $3.7 billion in sales for the second quarter. 
Excluding the impact of Hillrom and foreign exchange, second quarter sales increased 3% on an operational basis. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share of $0.87 were up 9% year-over-year. Growth on both the top and bottom line continues to be constrained by the macroeconomic factors shared previously. 
This said, performance across our businesses in the second quarter reflects our overall positive trajectory amid the broader state of the market demand. This includes solid growth at constant currency rate in Renal Care, Medication Delivery, Pharmaceuticals, Clinical Nutrition and Advanced Surgery. 
With specific regard to Pharmaceuticals, I want to flag that we are continuing to experience price erosion in the U.S. due to generic competition as well as some pressure from supply constraints and a shift in demand for inhaled anesthesia. As we noted at our investor conference, we are continuing to emphasize differentiated generic formulations and packaging as well as international opportunities to drive growth for this business moving forward. 
I'm also pleased to share that Alok Sonig joined us a few weeks ago as our new President of Pharmaceuticals. Alok brings to Baxter more than 25 years of experience in the life sciences industry, most recently serving as the U.S. CEO and Global Head of Research and Development and Biosimilars at Lupin. We are excited to welcome Alok to the team and look forward to realizing the benefits of the experience he brings to this business. 
Both Acute Therapies and BioPharma Solutions declined mid-single digits year-over-year at constant currency rates, reflecting a challenging comparison to last year due to pandemic-related sales for both of these product categories. As compared to Q2 2021, when our newly acquired Hillrom business was a stand-alone company, its sales rose low single digits at constant currency rates. This demand reflects mid-single-digit growth in Front Line Care, offset by softness in Patient Support Systems and Global Surgical Solutions. Sales in all 3 of the legacy Hillrom businesses have been impacted by significantly higher than normal backlogs, reflecting challenges in accessing components as well as delays in certain product installs because of hospital staffing concerns and challenges. 
On a positive note, our integration process continues to proceed rapidly with key milestones on track or ahead of expectations. And as you saw at our investor conference, we are moving swiftly on our opportunities to expand access across our combined portfolio and embrace our heightened potential in connected care. 
Now looking ahead, given the factors I outlined earlier in my remarks, external conditions, expectations and the market's ability to project trends continue to evolve rapidly, both upstream and downstream. Even in the months between our investor conference and today, and this is impacting our business. As such, we're adjusting our guidance for the balance of 2022, as indicated in our press release. Jay will share additional commentary in his remarks. 
At the same time, we continue to foresee long-term stabilization of conditions. Given this anticipated stabilization and our updated 2022 guidance, I want to reiterate my confidence in our long-term outlook and prospects as provided in May. Baxter has proven its resilience time and again over the course of its 90-plus years, our durable portfolio focus on essential care and vast global footprint remain the strategic core of our underlying strength and stability. 
The acquisition of Hillrom has expanded the scope of our essential portfolio and has also created additional opportunities in connected care they are vital to accelerating our future impact as a health care leader and innovator. 
Finally, I hope that you have had a chance to review Baxter's annual corporate responsibility report issued in June. It highlights our progress towards our 2030 corporate responsibility goals, which reflect our commitment to empower patients, protect our planet and champion our people and communities. If you have not yet had the opportunity, you can find the report posted on our website, baxter.com. 
Now I will pass it to Jay to share more on our performance and outlook.

Vijay, when we look at Baxter's, let me take this into 2 portions. We have experienced a significant shortages of semiconductors. And the semiconductors and sometimes we're already in use, the semiconductor business and may alleviate as consumer goods will decline due to recession -- potential recession, inflation and so forth. 
We, as a company, and many, many people in the medical devices use chips that are not the same chips used in consumer goods. And that varies by nanometers, you probably know this as well. We use thicker chips. Chips, they have embedded software. Our suppliers, we have half a dozen suppliers and one of these suppliers has been a real problem. And coincidentally, this supplier is one that supplies most of our frontline care products. 
This is not an issue in our smart pads, smart surfaces, but more so into our frontline care and also affects our ability to make SIGMA SPECTRUM pump as Jay mentioned. 
So we need to separate that. So when it comes to capital, we have not seen a widespread change in demand. What we saw in the second quarter are fewer accounts that move the implementation and the justification was more on staff shortages and the ability to really deploy them to get the products installed, which requires empower and they were short in that in that area. 
We look conservatively at this. We look at our business in many dimensions. We have a very healthy backlog at the moment, very, very healthy. I can sit here today and say that if I had enough chips, we could produce a significant amount of revenue due to pumps, monitors and other devices that we have. 
One of the things that bite us twice in this conversation is not having the chips is the ability to program in playing your factories accordingly because it becomes a real ramp at the end of the quarter when the supplier sends us a bunch of chips. And then we assemble them and we get them out of the door as soon as possible. 
So it has been a real tricky situation. It seems to -- that we see the light at the end of the tunnel as we start to make progress with some of our suppliers, but we're sitting here today, I would say the demand is strong. This is the headline. Second is the chip -- the semiconductor situation is very fluid. Third is that we have the capability to put those products on the market and have the demand for them as soon as we've got the product -- the component shipped to us. So I want to make sure that those 2 things are separate. 
Capital slowed down. We haven't seen that. Our backlog, as I said, has been all-time high in both businesses. However, we had people postpone installations in the second quarter due to staff shortage as we were told.

As a matter of fact, we have significant demand for pumps, we just cannot take the orders and as we cannot make the products because we don't have the semiconductors going in. 
But I want also to underscore what Jay said when it comes to capital. Capital is not the same for every hospital system. They are hospital systems. They are large. They have the capacity to move forward. So we're observing very rapidly what is happening? So is this postponement of capital issue or supply? Or staffing issues? 
Right now, the information that we have is a staffing issue, and those are smaller accounts that we saw in the second quarter. We have large installations coming in the third and fourth quarter, will be a telling point how those go through in the third and fourth quarter.

Yes, we can.

Travis, historically, we have realized price increases in the U.S. as part of our standard contracting process. This is normal price increases. We have taken pricing actions to date, and they are reflected in our 2022. They're not -- they cannot -- can offset 100% of our incremental cost. So therefore, we additionally right now are preparing the implementation of a second wave of actions in response to the significant price increases that we have received from our suppliers and our cost increase, Jay outlined in the beginning of the call, in terms of the labor cost and other internal cost, fuel costs and energy costs and everything. 
So we're putting an additional cost increase at the moment. We're planning to start rolling out the second wave in -- to customers on a global basis, by the way, not only U.S. in most of our businesses in the coming weeks. This -- the actions that we're intending right now are to help offset a portion of the significant cost increase that we have, a portion. And it doesn't cover everything, but we are determined to go through a second wave of price increases -- price actions, I would say, better define as price actions throughout the company because this incremental unprecedented cost increase that we are receiving right now.

Listen, when we think about our portfolio management, something very actively in our minds. Some are easily executed than others. We have a planned -- we have a couple of areas we're working very diligently. One of them is a much faster process. The other one is a little longer. And we're looking at the feasibility of the second, which is a little longer at the moment. 
It's all about making sure that Baxter is set up for the future. These portfolio of actions that we're going to take and are currently examining our long-lasting initiatives to make sure that Baxter is aligned in allocating capital to the businesses that will be connected to our strategy and our vision in terms of how the digital work that we're doing in health care with our ability to deploy our technology across the globe. 
And right now, Baxter has some businesses that fall -- not fall outside our main area of vision. So we're looking at those. I don't have any news about the name of these businesses. We're probably going to have one action later this year. The second one, we're still analyzing because of the complexity.

Let me talk about the backlog, and Jay will supplement my answer and go to the second part of your question, Joanne. Our backlog has been growing primarily in Frontline Care. So let me define what we think -- how we define backlog because we have 2 things going on. One is backlog and one is back quarter. Our back quarter is all-time high. And what is back quarter is when we take an order and we cannot fulfill 100% of that order. The orders still pending in the system. As soon as we get inventory in the warehouse, it gets shipped to that customer. So that is all-time high at the moment, most probably sevenfold what normally we would see. 
Backlog is something you -- Baxter because if we don't have chips to assemble pumps, those pumps don't get into a backlog system. Baxter never used that system, but backlog comes with Hillrom and it's very appropriate for them to look at their business such as this, which is future orders, putting the system for delivery in the future. 
We've been accumulating significant backlog in our Frontline Care. Right now, we have significant demand primarily now with the graduation of med school students and students going back is one point that we do in that part of the business, the well-challenged business. Other parts of our business monitors as well that we feel if we had those chips, we would have significant revenue increase in the future. 
So we're planning as we receive those chips situation eventually normalize, the backlog will come back to normal levels. I would say that our backlog today are multiple times what was used to be called normal for Hillrom. And we have also a healthy backlog in our back system, the traditional Hillrom [indiscernible]. So I want to make sure that you all know the backlog is something new for us. We're going to be talking every call about that. And we're telling you right now the backlog is multiple times what is considered normal for Hillrom and Baxter.

I would just add that we're also excited about the syringe pump that may come faster in terms of approval, that the large volume parenteral pump, which is LVP. So the update is that we are under active review with the FDA on the NOVUM IQ syringe infusion pump and the large volume of infusion pump is pending. Our response to the FDA additional information request, which we are expecting to respond within this calendar year. And hopefully, both pumps will satisfy the FDA's questions. And hopefully, we can get them approved, but we're excited about the launch of both.

Yes, we have about probably close to 20,000 NOVUM pumps, large volume pumps in inventory have more been made preparing for the hopeful launch this year -- for the hopeful launch this year in full next year sales. So we're working very close to our suppliers. But this is very different. This is the next-generation chips, a new generation ship versus what is in [indiscernible].

Yes. I just underscore the fact that we will have benefits. So if diesel cuts goes down 20%, 25%, that directly impacts our ability to ship products to ship for less money affects our Renal business profitability, as well as surcharges that we're currently getting from our suppliers on every invoice that we pay for shipment of products. So that is a potential tailwind if the situation turns. We're watching that very closely, but Jay said, we want to make sure that you have a picture of the future as we see today as we also understand the trends on the market.