Thank you, Clare. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. I hope that you and your loved ones are healthy and safe. 
I'll begin with an overview of Baxter's first quarter performance. Jay will take a closer look at the financials, including our outlook for Q2 and the year as a whole. Then we'll close with Q&A. 
Baxter delivered first quarter sales growth of 5% on a reported basis and 1% on both a constant currency and operational basis. This represents solid performance in the face of an unprecedented pandemic as well as a challenging year-over-year comparison, given the heightened sales we experienced a year ago as our customers prepared for the impact of COVID-19. On the bottom line, first quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.76 declined 7%. This decrease reflects the negative year-over-year impact of COVID on our results in the quarter. On a segment basis, Asia Pacific delivered growth of 8% at constant rates. This growth reflects the strength across the region, while much of the region is progressing in its recovery. 
We continued to monitor the situation in India, which is experiencing the highest COVID infection rates around the world. Sales results in the EMEA were flat year-over-year and declined 1% in the Americas, also at constant currency rates. Sales in both of these segments continue to be impacted by lower rates of hospital admissions and surgical volumes due to the pandemic.
Looking at performance by business. Acute therapies led growth across all of our product categories, with sales increasing 28% on a constant currency basis. Results were driven by ongoing heightened demand globally for Baxter's continuous renal replacement therapy or CRT technology amid COVID-19. As we discussed last year, we expect acute therapies demand to receive from its pandemic peak and return to more typical levels over the course of the year. Our BioPharma Solutions business advanced 11% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, driven by our partnerships to assist in manufacturing the COVID-19 vaccines. 
Renal Care, Clinical Nutrition, Pharmaceuticals all grew at low single digits at constant currency. Growth in Renal Care continues to be driven by demand for our peritoneal dialysis or PD products globally. I would point out that demand for both our in-center HD and PD businesses has been dampened by the past patient volumes driven by higher mortality rates for ESRD patients in the wake of the pandemic. We expect the ESRD patient volumes to stabilize and return to normal over the next 18 to 24 months, but the pace of their recovery may vary by market. 
PD growth is expected to continue outpacing HD growth market-wide for the foreseeable future beyond the general lifestyle benefits of home-based PD. This therapy continues to be recognized as a bio treatment option amid pandemic conditions. In addition, the new CMS end-stage renal disease treatment choices or ETC payment model went into effect in the U.S. at the start of the year, which supports expanded access to home therapies. HD will remain a critical treatment option in numerous markets. As a pioneering dialysis broadly, Baxter is committed to innovation across both modalities, enabling clinicians and patients to make the right treatment choices based on their distinct needs. 
Last quarter, I highlighted the FDA's 510(k) clearance of our HOMECHOICE CLARIA APD cycler as one more way we are supporting PD growth in the U.S. More recently, we received 510(k) clearance of our leading-edge AK 98 hemodialysis system, a proven platform that is currently used in more than 90 countries worldwide and now launching in the U.S. 
Growth in our Clinical Nutrition business reflected demand from Baxter's multi chamber nutritional product offerings in the U.S. and APAC markets as well as nutrition compound growth in EMEA.  
Pharmaceuticals growth was driven by continued strength in our international pharmacy compounded business as well as the benefit from the recent acquisition of Caelyx, Doxil rights in select territories outside the U.S. This acquisition further strengthens our Pharmaceuticals portfolio globally and, in particular, represents a platform to accelerate growth in Europe. Adjusting for the Caelyx and Doxil acquisitions and foreign exchange Pharmaceuticals declined low single digits year-over-year. Performance in the quarter reflects a challenging comparison to the prior year quarter, which occurred before in mark the decline in hospitalization to surgical volumes due to the pandemic, intended with heightened sales as hospitals stocked up on few supplies as the pandemic emerged. 
Medication delivery and advanced surgery both declined mid-single digits at constant currency rates as these businesses were also impacted by lower rates of hospitalizations and surgical procedures as well as the challenging comparison to the prior year quarter. That said, we're seeing gradual steady recovery in this trend. I expect this to continue over the course of the year, particularly as the rate of COVID vaccinations improves globally. In medication delivery, we are also excited by the potential of our NOVUM IQ infusion platform, including our Dose IQ Safety Software and IQ Enterprise Digital Connectivity Suite. NOVUM IQ was resubmitted for FDA 510(K) clearance earlier this month. We look forward to advancing this application and anticipate introducing this exciting technology to the U.S. in the second half of this year. We also remain committed to broadening our presence globally for NOVUM IQ and currently expect to introduce this platform in Europe in 2022 as we work to enhance our product offering to address the specific needs of this region. 
As I wrap up, I would like to reinforce the Baxter is both well prepared and well positioned for the future. The essential nature and durability of our portfolio, the breadth and diversity of our product lines, our expansive geographic footprint and the impact of our transformation, all taken together, fuel our resilience, adaptability and agility. We remain focused on advancing innovation, the key to sustained growth in any industry. We have a lot to look forward to across our businesses, including new therapeutics and increasingly new value-added digital solutions. You may hear about many of these at our upcoming investor conference and some even sooner. 
And to supplement our organic pipeline, we will continue to pursue attractive BD opportunity in our core portfolio in key adjacencies as well as complements our business. And our 50,000 employees remain absolutely dedicated to advance in our mission for patients, and we are committed as ever to returning value to our shareholders. 
Now I'll pass it to Jay for a deeper dive into our financials and outlook.

And Jay, if I just may add. Bob, we're not going to comment on the street expectations. We do that in September. But what I want our listeners and investors to know is the company is really focused on margin improvements of [indiscernible] levers. 
The first one is new product launches. This year, we're launching more than 20 new products, including, we are hopeful to obtain the 510(k) from the FDA on a new pump platform. Then we also have very good momentum in the integrated supply chain led by Jim Borzi. We also have the digital transformation that is touched in every corner of the company with significant redesign of the finance function in the company and other functions in the company that will completely be redesigned and the use of artificial intelligence and use of bots. So we have a lot of momentum going on. So we are not going to discuss a specific number, just telling folks that we're not just sitting here. We have a significant amount of work going on in Baxter to continue to improve our margins.

Jay, I think you've covered very well. Thank you.

Mike, there are 3 very specific areas of -- that we are very, very focused. One is integrated supply chain. From the moment we buy raw material, either whatever raw material it is, all the way to the delivery to the customer. We have specifics. As a matter of fact, coincidentally, I just reviewed that yesterday with the team. We have programs in all areas, from cost of raw materials to the cost reductions in our manufacturing facilities. The ability to predict cost of logistics, which has been a headwind for the company and for many other companies around the globe, with containers and shipping lanes being clocked up. So those things are the focus of Baxter.  
And I saw the numbers yesterday, there's a progressive increase in net cost reduction of integrated supply chain that pleased me. The second thing is digital transformation because Baxter did indeed remove cost from a G&A, but not enough. We got to a point that now we need to redesign our processes. So I just give an example to supplement Bob's question to Jay is finance organizations a large group within the company. Does a great job. But also, we can do things in a much more concise and better way. 
So we're looking at that from digital transformation of our quality organizations, regulatory affairs, as well as the research and development. We shift research and development within the company. People ask me why don't we spend more in research and development? Always, we can spend more money. There's always opportunity to put more money. But we are now, this year, piping out 22 new products, a brand-new platform of pumps that this company never had the capability to develop, and we're doing this with the R&D resources that we have by shifting location of labor, but also becoming more effective in doing that. And lastly is the mix of this new product that will come into play. For the margin accretion. So there is opportunity in G&A and gross margin via reduction in costs from integrated supply chain as well as the mix due to new products.

Pito, this is Joe Almeida. So I would say that we saw a decline in census just as was outlined by the providers. And by us before, there was a significant [indiscernible] because of patients off therapy. But when we look at the dynamics of the market, we still see the U.S., the PD patient growth, even with that in the U.S. was 3.3%, and the outlook for the year is 6%. The issue that was dampened the number overall is significant reduction in Latin American patient senses, primarily Mexico, some in Brazil as well, due to fatalities, due to COVID-19. And also a reduction in sensors until the -- once COVID hit in Europe. Europe was starting to recover and start to gain really good momentum until COVID hit. So we are optimistic even for PD this year, different than HD, 6.1% outlook for the year. 
And the dynamics are correct, to your point, a PD is shown to be a home therapy that in crisis like a pandemic shows an increased value of convenience and safety for the patient by staying home that have to travel to the clinic. And I think I believe that the ESRD disease state in the U.S., the change in guidance for home therapies, you're going to continue to see this therapy gaining momentum. So even though we had closed in the beginning of the year, affecting heavily a lot of areas in the U.S., we still see good growth going forward.

Larry, thanks for asking me questions. I was starting to see a little lack of lag here. Pito and you were the only ones asking the question. So I'm halfing back on the call again. So we believe NOVUM IQ, what we did is we clarify a lot of questions and made a much better application for the NOVUM IQ. So remember, NOVUM IQ is a platform. So we launched -- we have 3 products that are in this 510(k). We still have 2 or 3 more products that will come down the back towards the end of the year. 
PCA pump, we also have ambulatory pump and other accessory. So when we look at this market, we are -- we don't, first of all, we speak on behalf of the FDA, we are very happy with the way we put together the 510(K) application for the FDA, but that doesn't mean that we speak on behalf of the FDA. The FDA will do what the FDA has to do. When they are ready and lease they approve, we have some sales in the second half of the year. Modest, but we have some. I don't know if Jay wants to give a bit more color on that.

So Larry, I will speak, but I'll let open also for Jay to chime in on this. I -- we did for management purpose. We did this because it's the way we manage the business. And was always in the other, and there's a large number in others. So we prefer to have that separate. So Jay, any more color on the reason.

Yes. And Larry, our guidance has $50 million to $100 million possibility in it for incremental vaccine for 2021. So we stay with that number. We made investments in BPS. We have 2 facilities: one in Europe; one in the U.S. that are benefiting from some of this investment. And we believe that, that's the right place to create capabilities. We have unique capabilities there. We do a very good job. We have very happy customers. 
So we believe that it is a good profit margin for the company is accretive to Baxter overall, and it takes very little SG&A to run. So we have a really good technical group, is a good business, good customer reputation. So why not invest more and benefit from such capability we have in-house.

Matt, we still see COVID, unfortunately, ranging across the globe. I think you have 2 things going on. One is we do have this therapy more being expanded and understood across the globe, even more than once before, it's benefits. Second, you have countries which still have issues, you can still see demand coming in. And even in the United States, you still have a good number of people, unfortunately, being treated with this technology because COVID. But we expect that to came down. This is a high single digit, sometimes very low double-digit growth as a technology as a product line. And we expect to see a reduction of the current levels to what's more normal, which is high single digits as time goes by this year into next year.

Matt, we do have 2 sides of the house, but they're very connected. The way we go to market, the way we understand contracts and our devices also are  devices that are becoming more intelligent, but they are transporting fluid from point a into the body. So the combination of our devices and our injectables and pharmaceuticals come together. When we look at business, development with of business development across the spectrum of Baxter, what is the objective of business development is to expand into adjacencies, short up our core and sometimes go away from the adjacencies into an area that may benefit the company in the future, always really thinking where is the puck going, right? Instead of going at the puck where it is today. So that's our philosophy in M&A. 
You're going to continue to see the tuck-ins because those are good for the company, leverage our sales and marketing organizations as well as our manufacturing groups. So these two tuck-ins were very beneficial. One, primarily Caelyx version of Doxil in Europe, help us create a structure to add more pharmaceuticals organically and inorganically there. So our philosophy is always enforced and make the core stronger, going to adjacencies and also lower the puck is going in health care and make sure that we don't miss that trend.

Vijay, so the philosophy in how we are disciplined about how we deploy cash has not changed. As I actually answered a little bit of your question before, we will continue to look for tuck-ins in our core businesses, not very easy to find them because the size of our businesses in the particular area of our businesses, but we will continue. We just did a couple of small ones in the pharmaceuticals business. We'll continue to look for those opportunities. 
We're going into adjacencies. We're looking at things to shore up where we can have advantage. But more importantly, also, we're starting to look at the health care theater in general and trying to anticipate with what we saw last year and how health care is moving in the direction is moving than said, where should Baxter go. And we're always talk about intelligent devices. We are talking about the integration with the hospital systems, with the deployment of our own gateway for the new pumps. 
So if you think about how do you participate where actually the puck is going, not the puck is today, so the company can revitalize itself as well. So these are all areas that we look. We are very eager to continue to explore opportunities. But as I always say, if we do not find the right opportunity, we're not going to sit on cash and have cash burn a hole in our pockets. We will bring either share buyback as well as increase in dividends.