Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to share our fourth quarter results with you today and to discuss our expectations for 2019. I will begin with a quick review of our fourth quarter performance before sharing my reflections on the year as a whole. Jay will then provide more detail on the financials, including our 2019 outlook. We will wrap up with Q&A. 
Baxter closed the year with a solid fourth quarter, delivering sales growth of 2% on a reported basis and 5% on both a constant currency and operational basis. A strategic execution, a strong operational performance and disciplined financial management resulted in adjusted EPS of $0.78, up 22% year-over-year. Drivers of growth in the quarter included the company's Renal Care, Pharmaceuticals, Advanced Surgery and Acute Therapies businesses. Increased demand for Baxter's contract manufacturing services also contributed to performance in the quarter. This strength helped offset performance in our Medication Delivery and Nutrition businesses, which was in line with the guidance we shared on our third quarter call. 
Growth in Renal Care continues to benefit from increased demand for our peritoneal dialysis products globally. In the U.S., we experienced the highest growth for PD patients of the year with patient volumes increasing high single digits in the fourth quarter. And in Japan, the successful rollout of KAGUYA is also contributing to performance with patient growth advancing mid-single digits in the quarter. 
In Pharmaceuticals, growth in the quarter was driven by strength across the portfolio globally. Increased sales of premixed injectables, anesthesia and critical care products as well as a strong performance in our pharmacy compounding business all contributed to growth. This helped to offset expected lower U.S. sales of BREVIBLOC and cyclophosphamide in the quarter. 
Advanced Surgery achieved growth of 17% on a constant currency basis in the quarter, including a contribution of approximately $20 million from sales of RECOTHROM, which benefit from competitive supply constraints during the quarter. 
Performance in Acute Therapies continue to be driven by improving utilization for CRRT globally as well as increased demand for our multi-organ support products. 
Finally, performance in our U.S. Medication Delivery and Nutrition businesses has stabilized, and we are in the process of executing on efforts to return demand for impacted products to pre-hurricane levels. In addition, we are seeing closer alignment between end user unit demand and financial unit purchases for large-volume IV solutions. 
As we discussed last quarter, going forward, we continue to expect these businesses to grow in line with their respective market growth rates as well as benefit from new product launches. In addition, last quarter, I mentioned that we were taking decisive action to renew strategic momentum in our U.S. hospital businesses. To this end, I'm pleased to announce that Heather Knight will join us as the new General Manager for our U.S. hospital business effective February 11. I worked with Heather previously, so I know firsthand that she will bring outstanding leadership skills and superior insights on the medical device market. 
On our fourth quarter performance, it illustrates important progress in our long-term strategic journey. Baxter's emphasis on increasing innovation, unwavering financial discipline and driving operational efficiency all contributed to our ongoing growth. 
For the full year 2018, Baxter achieved sales growth of 5% on a reported basis, 4% on a constant currency basis and 3% on an operational basis. Our overall strength was also reflected geographical, where we achieved mid-single-digit constant currency sales growth across all 3 of our geographic reporting segments: Americas, APAC and EMEA. Of note, Q4 represented the highest quarterly operational growth of the year for both our APAC and EMEA regions. 
Our momentum carried over to the bottom line. Our adjusted EPS was $3.05, up 23% year-over-year. And Baxter generated free cash flow of over $1.4 billion in 2018, up 16% versus 2017. 
Creating value for stockholders is essential for our business model. In 2018, we increased our quarterly dividend by 19% and returned over $2.4 billion to investors through our share repurchase program. In addition, the research and development and commercial milestones we achieved in 2018 and the early weeks of 2019 demonstrate a promising future of organic growth through innovation. Earlier this month, we announced that we had enrolled the first patients in our U.S. clinical trial for our in-home, on-demand PD solution generation system. Now a few weeks later, patient treatments are under way. We believe that this technology has great potential to improve the patient experience and simplify therapy management. 
In 2018, we announced a collaboration with the Mayo Clinic to establish a renal care center of excellence, serving patients across a continuum of care to drive improved outcomes. This will be an opportunity to put our combined expertise to work in new ways. It also represents a meaningful pathway for pursuing other creative collaborations with the potential to advance patient care and drive business performance. 
And 2018 also featured a range of pivotal, differentiated new product launches from across all 6 of our businesses. Our leading-edge PrisMax, CRRT and organ support technology is now helping treat acute care patients in multiple European markets. As I mentioned earlier, the KAGUYA APD cycler with embedded Sharesource technology is quickly being embraced in Japan and is a compelling in-home therapy option. Our Spectrum IQ smart pump platform is now being adopted in the U.S. and Canada, and the Evo IQ pump platform is being launched in other global markets. Additional launches across the U.S. and around the world include IV pharmaceuticals, surgical hemostats and sealants and nutritionals. 
As 2019 unfolds, we're moving ahead at full speed. We're continuing to address unmet patient and customer needs, building out our pipeline and working with regulatory agencies to successfully launch our products across the globe. We continue to thoroughly assess opportunities to further our impact to patients and health care providers through strategic partnerships and business development. And we remain intently focused on expanding efficiencies across the organization. This all support our objective to accelerate performance and deliver top-quartile results for all the stakeholders. 
Now I will pass it to Jay, who will walk you through the financials in more detail.

We never met but welcome to our call. I'm going to take the first part of the question, and then I'll pass on to Jay, who will get into more of the financial impact. Listen, we found now that we're largely -- the inventory in the chain is largely balanced, meaning that while we see financial results or dollars coming in and the inventory levels at distributors, so sales out to hospitals and inventory is balanced. We saw that throughout Q4. We think that we have a stable market right now, and -- which made us conclude that we have not lost market share, our market share is stable. And some of the OEM contracts that we had spoken about are coming back a little faster, and we have some opportunities. So what you see in the progression of the quarters is that we have a very tough comp in the first quarter because in the quarter, if you remember last year, there was a significant amount of buy-in, a tough flu season was the reaction to the hurricane in late 2017. So this is a tough quarter for us to compare. But if you look across the other quarters and for the year, Medication Delivery will be a 6% business, which tells you that this is a well-established business, a stable business. And we have plans to continue to convert that. We have the launch of our new pump coming in. The new pump will drive more stats, will drive more volume, and the ability to capture those stats will be great. 
The other thing that makes this quite stable is we are 2 out of 3 GPOs signed. In one of them, we are 100% resigned with the IDNs. And we feel very comfortable about our position in the marketplace. And now let me pass on to Jay who'll talk a little bit more on the financial impact.

That was well orchestrated. So we've got 3 questions out of your call. You said only 2. But I'll -- those are good questions, and we're going to answer them properly. 
M&A. Listen, we continue very aggressively looking for opportunities. And I want you guys to think about not on a size based but more so on adjacencies and things that'll make sense for our company, for Baxter. It is -- don't mistake our aggressiveness in looking for targets with our discipline of really understanding the financials behind the returns for acquisition, which are unchanged. We are looking for molecules. We have -- and we'll require molecules in the marketplace to augment our Pharmaceuticals. We're interested in critical care. We're interested in many other areas that are adjacent to our business. Size is not the priority, but the ability to augment that. Will M&A be a great part of our LRP? Will augment our LRP. I'm still very confident that we have the ability to deliver the LRP. We've done M&A at the moment because we have $1.7 billion in new products coming in, in 2023, and that is still in the plans. And if you look at our new product development, sales contribution in the second half of 2018 was great. We have some really -- a lot of new products coming in. So we're confident in that. But I think augmented with adjacencies M&A. And don't be hung up on size. Some may be a little larger than others, but we are working intensively. But I want our investors to understand. I would like to underscore the fact that the returns and the financial returns for shareholders is very, very important to us, so we would not do a deal that is in the fringes or negatively will impact our return to our shareholders. And I'll pass on to Jay on the balance sheet.

Robbie, the performance is being driven by several factors. Let me start highlighting the success of the molecules that we've been launching internally from Baxter. And those are special molecules, not the molecules themselves, but the delivery of the API. And the second is our premix. So premix is the substitute for when we have shortages. We've made great efforts to substitute some of our Mini-Bag Plus product lines in the marketplace by premixes. And the premixes are more effective and even safer way of delivering the medication. And that is doing extremely well. The growth is fantastic. We're moving up by 30-plus percent of growth in premixes. So I know that we've both had Medication Delivery and the recap of and recover of our Mini-Bag Plus and Mini-Bags business. But some of that, we actually prefer the conversion into premixes, which has been extremely successful. The margins are higher by 20%, 30%, and we think that, that is the way to go. So our Pharmaceuticals business is doing extremely well. We have more molecules coming up in '19 and '20, and we feel that, that business is finally taking off ex this cyclo and BREVIBLOC, which eventually will be something of the past and we can move on to the new Pharmaceuticals business, which is leadership in generic injectables with novel ways of delivering the medication. Thank you.

I'll take that. Our Renal Care, 2% to 3% is our guidance in 2019. And I just want to give a little color why it's 2% to 3% and then how do we connect the PD patient growth to it. We consciously are walking away from business that were unprofitable in some geographies, primarily bloodlines, and was a large volume of product. So our HD business is artificially depressed because our decision -- we were making no money. As a matter of fact, we're losing money in that business, and it was a good thing that we're not going to be in that business anymore. Moving to the PD business, we're still looking between 5% or 6% in patient growth. This is a very healthy business. The best geographies in the world right now are North America as well as parts of Asia, Japan and China. We had very successful launch of CLARIA with Sharesource, relaunch in parts of Europe, a very difficult time we had with the privacy issues in Europe. And now we overcame that issue in many geographies in Europe. And we're starting to see CLARIA with Sharesource, which is a different cycler similar to the HOMECHOICE, the old HOMECHOICE in U.S., but updated with the software for monitoring. So that is now being used in several different countries in Europe. But we struggled in the beginning with the privacy. We got to understand how difficult it is to operate in Europe with software that does home monitoring. But now that's going well. 
I'd point to Japan. Japan, the KAGUYA business in Japan is doing extremely well. We already have 1,000 patients on therapy there. We expect to really accelerate that business in '19 and '20. So expect 5% to 6% patient growth, very healthy business in the U.S. Our partnership with DaVita is going well, great partner and great customer.

Well, we just have few patients lined up to start receiving the therapy. We have one that has started and is going well so far. Early to say, but it is something. This is a very classic Baxter stance. We say something, we do something. We cannot to say stuff and not do it. So we put our patient on therapy like we promised. We're going to work hard on that therapy. It's complex because you're making the drug in people's homes, but it's going well so far. And I tell you, we're going to have several iterations of this technology going forward because this is going to be almost a comparison to what the electric car was 7, 8 years ago. You start and you start evolving, evolving. And we're going to evolve this technology. We'll continue to be the leaders in home therapy for peritoneal dialysis.

Well, let me -- let's divide this in pieces. We have Claris molecules, which were part of our plan for Claris. And as you know, we have the warning letter for the facility. We're doing everything that we're -- we promised to do to the FDA. We will be inspected couple of times before we can get clearance or VAI for that location. So our focus right now for Claris is to be able to get that facility cleared of the warning letter, and all the efforts that we promised the agency are being done. We also have a contingency planned for that plant because we would like to have plan B, and our  plan B is for most of our products that will be sold in the U.S., we would have CMOs or backups so we can continue operation if something doesn't work. It means that we're working everything that -- every angle that we can to make sure there's no disruption to our plan because of the warning letter at Claris. So this is -- this addresses Claris. 
The other molecules that we have, and we have some important molecules launched at the end of '19 and '20, they're really breakthrough molecules. Not that the molecule itself is breakthrough, but the delivery system of the molecule is a premix and nobody has that in the market. I'm not going to give the name of the molecule, but I'm telling you we have some really interesting stuff going on. 
The other thing is we have molecules that were launched last year. We have a few more launching this year. There was a launch last year. I have to say one of them, and I'm not going to give the name of the molecule, has done extremely well with 40% higher sales than our estimates for last year. So that will continue to do well. So our plan for Pharmaceuticals is absolutely offset and leave in the past cyclophosphamide and BREVIBLOC and things that were -- the chief products for the company a few years ago, we're moving into -- as we said, we're going to add almost 70 molecules to our portfolio and about double that the ways to deliver those molecules. And we're going to do this in a multitude of regions like we promised last year, and we are on plan to do it. As I said, we have an important molecule that hopefully will be launched by the end of '19, and we'll announce that properly when that happens.

I just want to, Vijay and folks, to underscore what Jay just said. We had said that we were not going to let cash sit in the balance sheet unused. So we're going to return that to the shareholders in a way that we can make the most out of it. So ideally, we would like to buy more companies and spend money in M&A. But if we don't find the target with the right return, we're going to return money to shareholders in the other 2 vehicles that we have, which are share repurchase and dividends. So I want to make sure that people understand that those 3 vehicles can be -- are not mutually exclusive. They can be done concurrently. But we will accelerate one versus the other as we progress. As I said, money will not sit in the balance sheet unused.

Listen, we were not the benefactors of the spot market sale. Because when we end up having -- before we create all this flexibility in our supply chain in Americas, which today is second to none, we have that ability. It's so strong that we can guarantee with penalties to our customers the contracts that we supply them product, okay? But when we didn't have -- not have that, the other -- the competitors who were selling that product to our customers were selling sometimes in the spot market with higher prices. So we're not the ones who mostly benefit from that. So I would say pricing in the markets are established by contracts. We have stable contracts and a stable share. But pricing is a function of competitiveness in that. So we'll always be competitive in the marketplace. But we have what most companies today competing with us don't have. We have volume of manufacturing, but we have redundancy in plan. Think about where we're now approved to sell into the U.S. We can sell our -- out of -- our plants in the Carolinas. We can sell in the U.S. products made in Ireland, products made in Mexico and products made in Brazil. So we can, with the flip of a switch, very quickly build inventory contingencies across the Americas. And I think that is a very important position. So how does the price play in this is that, listen, we don't control price other than negotiations which are given -- who are between us and our customers. We did not benefit from the spot markets. So if you're thinking about seeing a decline in price in our contracts in 2019, those will not be there because we're not the ones who jacked up the price for a spot sale and took advantage of that.

Okay. So listen, going back to the first part of the question in terms of what is permanent. Mexico is permanent. Brazil is temporary right now, going to permanent after a second inspection that we're expecting from the FDA shortly. Ireland is permanent. And we're going to eventually hook up Canada as well as soon as we line up inspections from the FDA. But if you think about Mexico, Mexico being permanent for us, that's a humongous amount of volume that we can bring into the U.S. and divert into other places in Latin America as we wish. So there's a lot of flexibility. So Mexico broadly, if you think about 100% flexibility, Mexico brought to us 85% of flexibility to the supply chain. And the other 15% were brought by Ireland and eventually when Brazil gets permanent importation status, which will happen in 2019.

Oh, and the second part about Amy. Well, I'm so happy she's joining the board. Amy was a colleague of mine at Covidien for many years and worked with me for 20-plus years at Covidien, so -- and Tyco Healthcare and Kendall Company. So we go back to 1995. She will be instrumental on the board in helping us not only M&A. Amy is a strategist, is a health care strategist. She's excellent in that area, and we're very excited that she will be part of helping us with strategy as well as making sure that our team is in the best shape ever. This is great news for Dennis Crowley, who you -- Dennis Crowley, who used to work for her for many, many years. And now she's on the board, so he has the benefit of her counsel again as she joins the board.

Matt -- no Mike. Sorry for that, Matt. I know you're Matt and now I've called you Mike. Matt, first of all, the worst thing that any of us can do here at Baxter is to rush into a deal just make sure that it helps us in the short term. And usually, those decisions are bad and ill-conceived ones. We are looking for deals for a while. That's why we have a strong M&A team on board. But that doesn't mean that we are desperate for a deal. We're not. As a matter of fact, we've turned many deals down. And I can tell you we may -- we did this in the last 3 quarters. We turned deals down because financials were not there. We couldn't make ends meet when we -- but we continue to explore every opportunity. We work very closely with our board in terms of creating a strategic intent, a strategic drive to bring the deals onboard. It has to be strategic. It has to be accretive. It has to return financially. It has to be a company that will benefit Baxter in the long term. So if we don't find it, we use the money for something else and benefit the bottom line of the company like we did at the end of '18. But there's no urgency. I want our investors to know that this thing of having to make a deal to make '19 happen or '20 happen, it will help us get even better, but it doesn't mean that we need them. And we will not make stupid decisions to get to the -- to a number just because we have the cash. Thank you.