Thank you, Brady, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Last quarter, we told you we would take actions. Today, I'm here to share the results those actions have delivered. 
We ended the third quarter with wireless service revenue growth up 10% year-over-year and 2% sequentially. And adjusted EBITDA grew sequentially by almost 3% to $12.2 billion. We had total phone gross adds of nearly 2.6 million and about 5% year-over-year increase. This includes an increase in Consumer of 1.3%, a significant improvement from minus 11% in the second quarter. 
These results are early indicators that the actions we are taking across our businesses to build momentum are gaining traction. Of course, we're not done yet. I continue to work with my team to take actions to grow revenue and to take cost out of our business to unlock the full potential of Verizon. I'm glad to see sequential improvements based on our efforts, but there is more to do. Based on our momentum and plans, our financial guidance for 2022 remains unchanged. 
Throughout the call, you'll hear the actions we took and the impact they've had on our business to position Verizon for growth. Our pricing actions in the second quarter in both our Consumer and Business groups helped increase our wireless service revenue. Postpaid phone net adds came in 8,000 for the quarter with a loss from Consumer offset by gains in Verizon Business. Matt will share more details with you later in the call. 
Let me turn to some of our group results. In Consumer, we have started to gain traction with customers reacting positively to our new offerings, and as a result, increased store traffic. Our Welcome plan improved customers' pricing perception and contributed to consumer phone gross adds being up year-over-year. 
With the launch of the iPhone 14, we delivered a first-of-its-kind Apple 1 Unlimited bundle. Verizon customers now have access to Apple services all under one subscription. Apple remains a unique and trusted partner of Verizon because they recognize our network quality and high-value customers. 
In the value segment, we launched Total By Verizon, redefining no contract wireless service, a key step in our continued integration of TracFone. And just this week, we introduced a prepaid wireless home Internet service on our Straight Talk brand. We continue to expand our offerings in the value segment, and customers are taking notice. This helped also generate positive prepaid net adds for the quarter, our first positive quarter since second quarter 2021. 
For postpaid, we're focused on attracting and retaining high-quality consumers in a disciplined and measured approach. As we see areas of opportunity, we will address them in a surgical manner just like we have done with some of our recent actions. There is more progress to make. Our premium strategy is working. 
We ended the third quarter with 53% of our customers having a 5G phone, and 81% of our base is on Unlimited plans. With a 42% uptake on premium unlimited, there's a great opportunity for step-ups. And we see that demand with approximately 60% of our new customers choosing Premium Unlimited right from the start. It is clear we have a high-quality customer base, so we will continue to focus on retention and winning these comers. 
Moving to Verizon Business. We see a continued very good momentum in both fixed wireless access and mobility. And I'm encouraged also by the large 5G infrastructure deals we made in the quarter. These include digital transformation projects with Astellas Pharmaceuticals, Fujifilm and our continued work with the Department of Defense. 
And this is just a start. We recently announced an important agreement with the U.S. Department of State to modernize its communications infrastructure across embassies and other locations around the world. I'm proud that we are part of choice for these global enterprises and public sector clients. 
In broadband, our fixed wireless access and fire service continued to see strong demand. Total broadband net adds were 377,000, a sequential growth of over 40%. All of these services are built to deliver on top of our world-class network. We have a premium network and experience that our customers value and that demand's premium pricing. 
Our network is a core value proposition. America relies on us, and we deliver. This was evident before, during and in the aftermath of Hurricane Ian. Our team did what we always do: we ran to the crisis, quickly restoring our network as needed and using our technology solution to protect impacted areas. Bottom line, our network infrastructure was resilient, and our people delivered in the way that you have come to expect from us. 
Our mission has always been to build and operate the best, most reliable, highest-performing network. Our use of advanced technologies, our spectrum portfolio and our expansive own fiber footprint are critical to achieving that goal. Where we deploy our C-band, we see direct correlation to customer growth on both mobility and fixed wireless access. We are currently covering over 160 million POPs with C-band and on track to deliver 200 million within the first quarter of 2023. 
C-band usage is up 170% quarter-over-quarter, and fixed wireless access now covers more than 40 million households. Right now, more than 48% of our cell sites are connected by Verizon's own fiber. We're expecting to be about 50% by year-end with the majority of our 5G sites already on our own fiber. This not only improves network performance but also improves our owners' economics. 
At the same time, we're making efforts to take cost out of our business. We're constantly thinking about how we run our enterprise every day to enhance our performance while delivering on our strategy. In this period, we have designed a company-wide cost-savings program that we expect will save between $2 billion to $3 billion annually by 2025. A first step in these efforts is the creation of a global service organization under the leadership of Craig Silliman. This is one part of our larger program to leverage cross-functional opportunities across the business. 
Over the past 2 years, under unprecedented circumstances, we have learned a lot about how we deliver our services to customers. Verizon Global Services will help unlock significant efficiencies and reduce cost across the business. Keeping in line with our company values and strategy, we continue to practice financial discipline even in a competitive market and delivered solid financial performance quarter-over-quarter. 
Verizon is in a strong position, no matter economical environment with our high-quality customer base, diversified go-to-market options, including our value offering, the benefits from strengthening our organization through our cost-savings program and the best network that just keeps getting better. 
I will now hand it over to Matt to go deeper into our results.

Thank you, Matt. The actions we have taken are showing progress, but there's more work to be done. Our priorities through the end of the year and into 2023 are straightforward: continue our traction in Consumer wireless through the holiday season and into 2023; maintain and grow our momentum in fixed wireless access and Business wireless; implement the initial framework of a cross-functional efficiency program and improve our working capital efficiencies; and finally, continue our measured and strategic approach to the market with financial discipline and increased momentum for the quarters to come. 
While there's work to be done, I'm confident that we are well-positioned to deliver. So thank you. Now we're ready for your questions. Brady, back to you.

Thank you, John. I can start and Matt will fill in. I mean when it comes to the quarter and the gross adds and the churn, I think what happened is that we came out from the second quarter where the soft quarter on the Consumer side when it comes to gross adds. We added a couple of new products all the way from the Welcome plan to the price adjustments. And of course, the outcome we were expecting was that we continue to grow both ARPA but also our wireless service revenue. And as you heard, we grew the service revenue with 3.5% if we exclude TracFone, but then with TracFone. So that clearly is working for us, and we will continue to do that.
But we will do it in certain segments where we see weakness. I mean we also saw a very strong continuation in our premium segments, where we continue to have now more than 81% of consumers on unlimited and 42% on Unlimited Premium. So we -- that area is going well. So we just need to find those areas, and we will continue to do that. But I think that we have a very competitive pricing in the market.
We add that with values like the One plan with Apple right now,  Apple One Unlimited, et cetera, and we have more to come. So it's -- for us it's a grind it to see that we do the right in the segment. And of course, we have the largest consumer base in the market. So we just need to see that we're doing this in the right way. And ultimately, our goal is to continue to grow our EBITDA. And you saw this quarter, we grew our EBITDA with almost 3%. And that's what we're doing, and we keep our guidance for the full year.
So we -- that's our job. And then on top of that, we take out costs. So I think all in all, that's what we're working with constantly here. And it's a big ship we're moving. I think that this quarter, we saw all the actions we took in the second quarter having impact -- positive impact. That doesn't mean we're done. We think we can do more and we have more to do. So that's sort of the summary of where I think we are and how we're executing, and then we'll continue to execute this in this quarter and the quarters to come.

Thank you, Brett. When it comes to our national broadband strategy, first of all, I think it's working really good for us. You saw in the quarter adding 377,000. The Fios footprint continue to be extremely high-quality customers and continue to grow. We will continue to expand that footprint.
Outside that, we, of course, have a very high focus on fixed wireless access because the speed to market, because the demand in the market right now is high for broadband. And of course, we have a very disruptive model where it takes low single digits minutes to actually get broadband at home. It's a total different product when it comes to fixed wireless access. So we capture the market as soon as we can right now, and you see on our growth rates that is happening both for Consumer as for Business.
But as you rightfully said, we are deploying the network as we speak, and we are just into certain markets given on the C-band, we will have more and more markets. And as we stated in the remarks, I mean, we are now covering 40 million households with our fixed wireless access. So we will continue to expand that, and we have plans and execution. It's working well. The quality is improving. The customer satisfaction is really high on fixed wireless access. And of course, there are the competition in these areas are, of course, not equally good customer satisfaction.
So no, I think -- we think -- we are confident that this is a good strategy for us. Then when it comes to our fiber, you're absolutely right. We have done enormous investment in fiber. We want owners' economics on our network, and we are getting that because with the majority of all the 5G sites have our own fiber, and we're now passing 50% by year-end on all our sites.
Some sites will never need fiber. So it's not like 100% is the end goal. But in order to have a good experience for our customers, that's what we're doing. Then we want to see opportunities, especially for the Business side to use that fiber footprint outside. I'd like to see that some customers can get a better or we can substitute third-party fiber that we are getting from others. But clearly, focus on fiber in the Fios footprint, fixed wireless access going as fast as we can outside that.
So yes, we are confident about the strategy and it's working. We have talked about for several years. We come out with new products that's going to be multi-spectrum. That's going to handle everything from 4G, C-band, millimeter wave. So the resilience and the performance and quality of the products is even getting better. So yes, that's where we are. Matt?

Yes. I can start on the enterprise side with the mobile edge compute, which we -- and the private 5G networks. As I said a couple of times before -- right now, we had 3 different sort of use cases on the edge computing: one was private networks, another was public mobile edge compute, and the third was the private 5G mobile edge compute. We see clearly a very strong demand on the private 5G networks, which is the prelude to go into all others, and the funnel is strong. And we talked about a couple of examples this quarter, which we have gained.
And it's a normal typical enterprise or B2B cycle, where you start with one proof of concept, then you start deploying it, and then you roll it out. So that's going to continue to happen over the years is, of course, not going to be any significant revenues in the short term. But over time, we're building a totally new opportunity for [indiscernible] and his team to be with customers in larger sort of turnkey projects to reform and transform their digital asset for enterprises.
So we are still really confident this is a good strategy for us. And it's -- again, we're building on the same network. We built a network once, and we have several different use cases where the mobility and now the fixed wireless access, both are going in a high speed. And now we're adding the mobile edge compute that's starting to get off to a good start, especially with private 5G networks. And then we move into mobile edge compute. So that's how I see that market continue for us.

I can start on the Business side. We have seen strong business growth on the wireless side for 5 consecutive quarters. So clearly, what we see is that both from the government, from large enterprises, small and medium businesses, they rely on the -- on high-performing networks is extremely important, and that's what we're giving them. And that's why we are growing.
I mean we have had a really good run on it, and the team is doing a great job. I mean this quarter was 197,000 net -- phone net adds in the Business segment. And as Matt said, it's across over all the 3 segments: government, enterprise and small and medium businesses. So clearly, we have a good transformation there with our customers. And of course, adding to that, we have a great sales force out there every day with all these accounts because it's about the network, and it's about the go to market. And we are the strongest in both, so we feel really good about that.

Okay. No, it's the same -- it's normal. We see more, of course, as any company will go in more mobile. It's not like we're seeing secondary lines or something like that. And remember, we -- if it's sort of an IoT line, et cetera, that's outside this. We're talking about phone net adds here. So this is normal lines that is coming into our customers for normal usage. We haven't seen any difference in that compared to previous quarter that is something strange there. No, it's actually normal lines coming in that customers are transforming more to mobility.

Thank you. A couple of things, what drove the gross adds. I mean, first of all, I think, as Matt said, the Welcome plan drove -- because that was a segment we were softer in the first and the second quarter, and that's why we addressed it. And that was probably the quickest turnaround we have done ever to bring out a new plan dedicated and nationwide. And that should be a reflection of how we plan to work.
I mean we will be very agile. We will quickly move into segments where we see softness in our consumer base. And I'm happy with what I've seen so far. But also the marketing work because if you think about the growth we had both in gross adds, but also, as Matt said, when it comes to store visits, that was up more than double digit in the quarter compared to second quarter. So all that together work, and that's what we need to continue to work and see if there are other weaknesses in the Consumer portfolio.
Remember now, we're going all the way from the premium down to the lowest and most cost-efficient plans on our prepaid. And the work we're doing, we have integrated that in our Consumer group right now. And we're look into that we're doing the right things for every segment and see that we have the right offerings for our customers. That might be that we're aggressive in certain segments and not in others.
And that's sort of where we come with our size right now, we can do that. And I was happy with seeing what happened in the second quarter -- or in the third quarter with some of the actions we've taken. But we're not finished yet. We need to do more of this. We need to be more surgical. We need to attack the areas where we see weakness. But that was what's growing the gross adds in the quarter, clearly.

Okay. Let me start with the first one. As we said earlier, the Welcome plan worked very well for us, and we didn't see many of our customers trading down. Actually, it was more about softness in the marketplace there, and that's where we actually gained success. And then -- but on the other hand, we saw many of our customers coming into the store. And then we -- after a conversation, of course, we saw them actually doing a step-up and then going for another plan.
So it actually worked. We didn't see that step-down in the market has happened so far, where I think we're segmenting it up with the values we have in each and every segment. So -- but if they would do it over time, given the economic situation, we will be better prepared than anybody else. And when we are actually addressing all the segments of the market, so we can work with that.
When it comes to the prepaid -- to the postpaid migration, that is, of course, one of the pillars in our strategy to see that our customers can do that and part of our acquisition strategy to see that we can offer the customers. That will take some IT work. And as I said before, that will technically, meaning that you cannot eat more easily work in between prepaid and postpaid. That will take some time before it's finished.
But already today, of course, we have a collaboration in between our groups as this is sort of under one roof, the whole value and premium segments. So I think that's what we're going to do. But that's, of course, an opportunity for us over time to have more of that. But already right now, we're seeing good sign on our value segment as we start growing in the third quarter.
And we just added new products, including Total wireless, which is a higher end of the value market as well as adding now fixed wireless access to the -- to some of the brands. So there is much more to do. And we're encouraged what we have seen so far about the potential, and that was the reason we acquired TracFone, because we saw this potential to play in all the Consumer segment and adding products in different ways and scaling sort of our platforms. The more we can scale the platforms, the network and the products, the more efficient we're going to be on the return on capital invested.

Yes. I can start, and Matt will come in there as well. But when it comes to the C-band spending, you remember, we said we're going to do an additional $10 billion on CapEx. The year has not ended, but you have seen more or less where we are guiding. So it's going to be some portion left for the next year on CapEx, but that's a smaller part. And then it's going to be BAU because then we have done all our initial.
What has happened after that is, of course, we're getting a much more spectrum to the sites and we get some more markets. But then we're down to BAU as we have always been building capacity and network on 4G, 3G. Now we'll do it on 5G with the spectrum we have. So feel good about that situation and how we have been doing it. And this was part of the strategy we laid out for the network already 2017, in order to draw the benefit of a unified network with a strong sort of edge capability with different type of access technologies.
And now, of course, with C-band, we're adding that strength. So we're going to pass the 200 million POPs in the first quarter 2023, and then we will just continue to deploy as we're getting more spectrum. I mean still today, we're using mainly 60 megahertz. There are some places where we've started to trial out 100 megahertz. But as you know, we have 161 megahertz nationwide. And in some places, we're 200 megahertz. So we have so much more spectrum and capacity. But the guys have been building smart. So when the spectrum comes, we turn it up. It's not going out to the site again. So we are ready for that.

Yes. Our C-band spectrum is nationwide, every market, every state. So we're just going to complete that and see that we have a similar as the 4G network, as Matt says.

Craig, I think, first of all, we have seen some early steps of convergence in a market where mobility and home is going together. Of course, ultimately, the customers will define, is that the best model. I think we're in a great position for obvious reasons, where we deploy our fixed -- remember, when we deploy our network on the C-band, we start in urban and suburban. And that's, of course, also where the fixed wireless access opportunity arises.
So then the combination of fixed and home and mobile is emerging there. So we're going to play on that. And as you have seen we have offerings on that in the market and also working with our Fios footprint equally much. We have the optionality. And the customers will decide if that is a good way forward. I think we are in a very strong position. We have owners' economics on all our home broadband and all our mobility and being able to see that we can follow the market.
And it goes back a little bit to what I said before. We need to be agile and be surgical in different segments. If we see that, for example, convergence is happening in certain segments, we quickly come out with offerings and do that. And that's what the team is working with constantly right now. And if that is a trend going there and it's just accentuated, we're going to be super well-positioned for that. If it's not, we're also super positioned for keeping it separate.
We're going to see that the market. We're going to drive the market. We think it's a strength for us that we have owners' economics on both mobility and broadband. So we will drive it where we see a good traction on it. And as you have seen already, we have already our offerings out there, and we'll continue to do so.

I think when it comes to the consumer churn, as Matt explained, the vast majority in the third quarter was coming from the price adjustments we did, which was a deliberate decision we took in the second quarter, and it was as expected. That was the larger piece of it in the churn.
And as Matt said before, our job right now is to continue to drive this downwards and see that, that is evaporating out there. We have some leakage into the -- into October from it because -- given how the price adjustments come out in the market.