Thank you, Brady, and thank you all for joining our third quarter earnings call. We had a solid performance in the third quarter, growing total wireless service revenue by 3.9% year-over-year with earnings growth. This was supported by strong net additions in wireless and broadband, which are both translated to bottom line growth. This definitely confirms our strategy to grow our business with high-quality offerings.
As I said throughout the year, we have all the assets we need to extend our #1 position in the market. Our strategy remains unchanged, and we're delivering on everything we promised. And we're gaining momentum on all 5 vectors of growth.
We have more path to grow than anybody else, and we're confident with our growth targets for outer years based on our third quarter and continued momentum into the fourth quarter. As an evidence, we're updating financial guidance for the full year. We now expect total wireless service revenue growth of around 4%, which is on the high end of our prior guidance and adjusted EPS of $5.35 to $5.40, up from $5.25 to $5.35. We remain on track to achieve our targeted CapEx levels in 2021, assuming no further disruption in the supply chain.
Our team is working diligently and doing a fantastic work with vendors and suppliers to ensure we have adequate equipment to meet our C-Band build and that we have devices that our customers want. 
Our operational excellence and our partnership strategy is the best in the industry, which I have been so impressed by since I joined Verizon. And in times like this, it matters.
Let's talk about business. We continue to provide the best-in-class experience across the board. On the network front, third parties continue to recognize us as the best network experience. This includes RootMetrics for the 16th consecutive time and J.D. Power for the 27th consecutive time. Our network team is doing a great job.
On the commercial front, we've got great momentum in the 5G adoption, with over 25% of our consumer phone base using a 5G-capable device. This is tracking well ahead of the 4G adoption, as I've said before.
For context, 12 months after 4G launch, 10% of the devices were on 4G. Less than 12 months after 5G DSS launch, more than the double were on 5G devices, and it's growing at a rapid pace. This, combined with our millimeter wave strategy, is an important combination, and that is paying off. In the third quarter, the total millimeter wave users more than doubled sequentially. We're doing more gigabit of users in a month now than we did in all of the first quarter. In some of our more established build-outs, we're seeing more than 20% of users on millimeter wave. And we are on track to have 5% to 10% of all traffic in the urban millimeter wave polygons by year-end.
For our Business segment, we continue to add wireless subscribers and take broadband share in our ILEC footprint with Fios. And finally, we delivered significant value creation and strategy refinement with the sale of the Verizon Media Group in September, the pending TracFone acquisition and also the issuance of our third green bond, which is a vital step towards our net zero goal in 2035. All this was accomplished in tandem with a strong quarter results.
When it comes to the financials, we're on track to meet and exceed all our 2021 guidance. We expect to have a strong finish of the year as we approach the launch of C-Band.
We continue to deliver excellent revenue performance in wireless service and within Fios. We have a diversified path of revenue growth with all 5 vectors contributing.
EBITDA was up 3.3% year-over-year. And on an adjusted basis, EPS was up 12.8%. Our capital allocation stands firm. We invest in our business to create shareholder value. We continue to increase our dividend, which we did for the 15th consecutive year. And Matt and team are working diligently on our debt reduction. As we said last quarter, our guidance raise is broad-based and across all our 5 vectors of growth.
Consumer segment EBITDA increased by 2% driven by positive trends in customer acquisition, premium plan adoption, product and services and content as well as prepaid and reseller growth. The service revenue momentum in the third quarter was driven by continued execution of our migration strategy to higher-valued price plans as well as high-quality net adds.
But our growth is more than that. Much of our long-term growth is in fixed wireless access and mobile edge compute. Our strategy is becoming a national broadband provider with the best access to the tech for our customers include Fios, fixed wireless access on 5G, 4G, millimeter wave and C-Band.
When it comes to the mobile edge compute, we are the mobile edge compute leader, both in public and private, thanks to great partnerships. And we just announced a private mobile edge compute partnership with Amazon that we're pleased with. And this just scratches the surface on how we'll continue to utilize our assets. We're confident in our growth opportunities as we move into the investment cycle with C-Band.
Before I hand it over to Matt, I want to briefly touch on our broadband expansion. We are on track to meet our fixed wireless access household coverage targets with an expected 15 million homes passed by the end of the year between 4G and 5G. To date, 5G Home is in 57 markets, and the 4G LTE home in over 200 markets across all 50 states.
In addition to fixed wireless access, we're pleased with the great performance of Fios and continue to grow the open for sales volumes within our footprint. We're on track on exceeding all the commitments for 2021 and on track for long-term growth expectations outlined in our Investor Day earlier this year. You can expect us to provide 2022 guidance during our Q4 '21 earnings call.
And now Matt, over to you.

Thank you, Matt. As you heard, we delivered solid third quarter results, and we are on track to meet or exceed all our 2021 commitment to the investment community. Our strategy is working. And I'm confident in the strategy we have to deliver both strong results and premium experiences going forward.
As we look ahead, we'll continue to focus on expanding our 5G leadership, capitalizing on wireless momentum and work towards our C-Band launch, deploying differentiating experiences for our customers and execute our Network-as-a-Service strategy deliver all 5 vectors of growth. And we look forward to delivering on all fronts and sharing our results in the coming months.
With that, I hand it back to Brady.

Thank you, Phil. Let me start with the competitive landscape. Yes, there is, of course, a little bit more competitive landscape right now. But let me remind you on a couple of things.
First of all, as we have learned from the history, broadband and mobilities, 2 of the most important infrastructure for any person in this country and in the world. So it's not strange that there is competition here.
Secondly, we are in a moment where it's 5G scaling, the economy is strong. So of course, that's the moment where we see a lot of competition. But anyhow, if you look at our numbers, we are competing extremely effectively. We're gaining the high-quality customers regardless of the type of competition we have.
And not only that, I mean, if you look at our growth of 3.9%, we feel really good about that as well when it comes to our service revenue. And we have been going back and forth on our promos. And the reason is that Ronan and his team on the Consumer side, they look at long-term profitability, high-quality customers when they come in and doing a promo. And right now, we feel very good about how we compete in the market. So we're always going to have promos when we think it's the right timing of it. So we feel really good about it.
And as you also saw that Matt talked about our increased guidance as well. So all in all, we feel good how we compete in this environment. And if you look at the track record the last couple of quarters, been really strong in Consumer. And Ronan and the whole team are doing a great job. So I feel good about that.
When it comes to the capital allocation, I'll let -- I can just say that we -- our capital allocation is clear. I mean, we focus #1 on investing in business, and we are investing in the business this year and both in CapEx, the spectrum and all of that. So that's #1.
But we also have, as I said, our 15th consecutive year of dividend increase. And Matt and I, we constantly see that we have a position for the Board so they can continue to do that, and we will continue to do that. And then we have our debt reduction, which Matt will talk about.
And finally, we have buybacks that we can do all the time. What I can tell you is that we constantly have a conversation with the Board which is the best way of doing capital allocation, the priorities. And we'll continue to do so to see that our shareholders get the best out of Verizon. Matt?

Thank you, Simon. On the fixed wireless access, yes, you're right, it's a similar ARPU on fixed wireless access as on our mobility. And also when it comes to the numbers we have, as you said, it's a mix of 4G. It's millimeter wave in the fixed wireless access right now. And as I said before, when we talk about our 5G fixed wireless access, the usage of the network is very similar as of Fios. So they are even using more gigabytes on the fixed wireless access on 5G than they do on Fios.
So -- and we have a very, very good performance and quality. And remember, on the fixed wireless access, we are also doing a, I would say, a different model with the self-install and all of that, making optionality for our customers.
And ultimately, the vision is clear for Verizon. We're going to be a nationwide broadband provider. We're going to have different accesses in different places depending on what is right for the customers and how quickly we can deploy.
So -- and we are investing in the Fios and you saw the numbers this month. I mean, we're adding 130,000 in this quarter when it -- or 129,000, to be exact, net adds in broadband. So this is a great business for us, and we're just ramping fixed wireless access.
And then coming back to C-Band, as soon as we turn on C-Band, we're also going to augment the footprint that we can offer fixed wireless access. So -- and as we said in the opening remarks, we're on track for that to deliver the -- after 1 year, having 100 million POPs covered by the C-Band.
As I said, there are some challenges in supply chain, but I can only say the team is just doing an enormous work. And just to be clear on it, the long-term planning we have with our vendors, the projection of forecasting we have done for all our equipment vendors over 2 years before we start deploying, of course, it's paying off right now that we work very differently with our vendors and how we plan. We have also pooled resources and inventory higher in the network so we can easily see that we have access to it. So we have done a lot of things in the last 2 years, 3 years in supply chain, so we can be in a situation to mitigate challenges we have right now. So all in all, that's where we are. Matt?

Okay. On the customers on fixed wireless access, I would say there are probably roughly half and half. Half, meaning coming from our existing base and half were taken from other suppliers. That's basically how they come in right now. And let's see how the mix going forward.
But here, we have the optionality that we've talked about before. And we have the owners' economics to work with convergence if that's what our customers want to have. We basically have all of those optionalities right now. And I feel really good about that.
And then the second question on the Fios footprint. We have constantly, of course, deployed Fios, and in this -- in our ILEC to be honest. And what we see right now is very strong demand, and we're winning the business we're deploying. The team is deploying. And as I said, we are heading towards 400,000 open for sale this year. And we will continue with that because we see a great demand, and our win share is extremely strong in the Fios footprint.

On the C-Band, as I said before, there are, of course, challenges in supply chain, but our team has -- I think our team is the most outstanding operational excellence team in the world, and they are getting around all of it. On all major equipment, radios, et cetera, that are already secured. This is in a warehouse, and that's how we work. 
I mean, we do long-term planning with our suppliers years back. So we feel really good about that. There's been some challenges in the material. The team is working around them every day, finding new solutions in order for us to deploy, and they will continue to do so.
When it comes to resources, again, we secured our resources years ahead to be prepared for these type of deployments we have. And we're doing more deployment than we've ever done before.
You talk about C-Band. We do millimeter wave, 14,000 this year. We do fiber. We do augmentations on the 4G. We do Fios. The team -- so it's many things they're doing, and we have never done more than this. And I can tell you the team with supply chain and deployment are doing a great job.
When it comes to the 15 million households passed by year-end this year, that includes all the technologies we have. And of course, the second part that we guided for when we had our Investor Day was to get to 50 million households passed later on. So that includes all the technologies, including C-Band, of course, and also how we deal with different type of devices, having all the different technology in them.
So the team has been planning this, creating opportunities for us. And of course, without coming into '22 -- 2022 yet, but with the opening of the C-Band, we see great new opportunities. And as I said also at the Investor Day, that means we can accelerate and amplify our business cases on 5G. That was the whole thing with the C-Band, and the team is geared up for that and very focused.

Yes. No, there's a lot of moving parts here, as you talked about again. I mean, I think that what we have -- and now as we start with Consumer because remember also our strong position on wireless on the Business side. And basically, we are leading in every segment. So sometimes we forget to talk about how strong we're there.
But let me start with Consumer because I think your question is a little bit more geared to Consumer. Remember how we have built our possibility. First of all, we have the best network. We have kept the best network. We augmented, and we are, of course, adding more spectrum to it right now with C-Band. So that's very important.
The second part is that the value we are doing besides having the best network, of course, with all the offerings we have created over time with Discovery, Disney+, which all of them are giving us profitability and retention. And you see the share numbers in this quarter.
I think we have found a model with Mix and Match, and the things that we are offering our customers on the wireless side has really paid off with both the loyalty but also the step-ups. And remember, when Matt talked about that we are now 1/3 of all the unlimited, be on unlimited premium, but we still have, let's say, 1/3 on meter plan as well.
So we have so many steps to continue to move our customers upwards. And that has been a strategy from the beginning. And it's clearly different than anybody else in the market how we can do that and both offer the best network and the experiences that we have as well as the Mix and Match that we have in the network.
So I feel good about regardless of what type of competition is there and how it changes. We have owners' economics of everything we're doing. That was very clear from the beginning. We build our own fiber. We have the full network, and that's why we can have every knows on the network, which we also are benefiting from.
So the whole idea with the strategy we laid out is just playing straight into what's happening in the market where mobility and broadband is the essential infrastructure for every individual in the world at the moment. And hey, everybody wants to be here. We have the best assets. That's basically how it looks.

I can start with the second question. Matt will answer on the inflation. When it comes to our rollout of nationwide broadband and playing with that, of course, remember, we are doing a lot of fiber already right now. I mean, we're doing -- remember, we have been reporting on our One Fiber project, which is still ongoing. In the most metropolitan area, we are building on fiber. And of course, that is setting us up to have owner's economics on the broadband.
And then at the access point, we will do a different type of 4G accesses. That's what new. The reason we do that because they're so much faster when it comes to coming out to the customer. And we want to be innovative as well and having a self-install and all of that combined with it.
Then we're always on our fiber when it comes from outside our ILEC, we have looked into buy versus build all the time. We have come to the conclusion we want to build. We built our One Fiber network because we wanted the owner's economics on fiber. So that work is already done. So we feel really good about it.
We're going to have owner's economics nationwide on broadband over time here. And we can work with our wireless offering, our broadband offering. We created the 2 go-to-market Verizon Consumer and Business Group thinking about our customers, how they do products, how to do platforms, the user experience. This all comes into play right now. I mean, I couldn't be more excited right now because the momentum for mobility and broadband is happening.
We have prepared and worked now for 3 years to get where we are. And yes, we -- I feel really good about what we have. And the strategy is really working. And we look at the last couple of quarters here, when we talk about our net additions, talking about the revenue growth.
And as I also said when we spoke earlier, I mean, if you look at the second quarter, when everybody has reported, we also take the larger share of industry service and other revenue growth in the market. I mean, that's really what we're focusing on. We're focusing on getting the revenue growth.
And that's a little bit of the answer to your question on inflation as well that Matt is going to soon take over. Of course, we still have a lot on the wireless side where we can migrate customers up to higher plans. And that's, of course, the best way to see that we are getting incremental revenues from our customers but also give them more value and experiences.

Okay. Great question, Colby. First, on the mobile edge compute, we are -- first of all, we're doing great progress in mobile edge compute. And you have seen that we have made announcements in the quarter with the biggest cloud providers in the market, both on the private 5G mobile edge compute.
And as you remember, there are basically 3 use cases. One is the public mobile edge compute and then it's a private mobile age compute and then it's private 5G networks. All of them sort of are in execution right now.
We're working with customers. We have announced a couple of commercial contracts already like Corning, the British ports, et cetera. So that's already happening. And of course, it takes some time because we are actually creating a totally new market, and we are actually alone in this market. Nobody else in the world has launched mobile edge compute at this moment. So of course, we feel really good about that.
And the team is working through the funnel, all the way from proof of context to new applications. And that's how it works when you create new markets, et cetera. So we will come back as soon as we feel it's time to start reporting it as we have done with 5G fixed wireless access.
But I'm even more sort of excited automobile edge compute, what I've seen in the last year here with the technology solutions we have and also the customer interaction we have, together with the main partners. I mean, we have the biggest partners you can ever think about in this that are equally much vested as us because that was part of the strategy to bring different partners together.
So we will continue with that, and we will come back and report. And we will give you new deals and how it is progressing with partners over time. And ultimately, of course, it's going to be financials, and that's going to show up.
Initially, of course, it's going to be on Verizon Business Group that's going to have that as revenue. There is a B2B2C opportunity longer term, which can end up in Consumer, but predominantly in the beginning is a Verizon Business Group opportunity. 
Matt, on guidance, have you thought through what you're going to do next year? He hasn't told me yet.

Yes, I can start with the second one. I mean, first of all, I mean, we rely on the RootMetrics because that's the most sophisticated and scientific way of measuring the network. And it's -- we're undoubtedly the leader there. And without going into my competition because I never talk about them, but clearly, one is always lost.
So if we then talk about the TracFone, which is, of course, an exciting opportunity for us, we're still to be closed. We're not -- we're going to have the go-to-market and the brands that TracFone have. They are so good on prepaid, and they've shown that.
What we will, of course, support them with this all the back-end support all the way from supply chain, IT support, UX, customer care and all of that. But clearly, we want to keep the point of sales. We want to keep the offerings, and we want to serve the value market. So that's where we are. I cannot go further into that because we still have the pending sort of approval of it. But we will give you even more, Craig, as soon as we have closed this one.

Yes. If I talk about the fixed wireless access on the Business side, it's called business Internet on that side offering we have. And of course, we started off with our fixed wireless access on the Consumer side, and we later on added in our Business side to actually have access to it as well because that's what -- how we want to restart.
I would say we have really good traction on the Business side on fixed wireless access, small and medium businesses, clearly, where we have our stronghold and being the clear leader. So we see this as a great opportunity for our Verizon Business Group as well. And again, we are now adding products and solution for Verizon Business Group that over time should offset the wireline decline that we have, that Matt talked about.
When we talk about the Verizon Business Group, we haven't talked enough about them, but the momentum on wireless there is really good. I mean, look at the small and medium businesses are coming back. They're doing a great job. On the enterprise side, the wireless business is doing well as well.
The only area is a public sector is coming a little bit back. But that's a very natural thing because the sort of the increased demand of home education and et cetera, during the COVID, of course, had a spike in wireless connections, which is just naturally coming down a little bit right now. But the momentum on the wireless side on the Verizon Business Group and then you add the new opportunities, everything from application on top of the network, the mobile edge compute, the fixed wireless access and over time, also opportunities outside the ILEC on Fios or at least on fiber.
So that's a great opportunity for us, and that's what we outlined already in 2019 when we decided to transform that business to see that we are really well prepared for capturing those opportunities and those transformations that all the enterprise, small and medium companies will do to digitalize over time. So I think we're in a good place. Simon and the team are doing a great job.