Thanks, Brady, and welcome to all to this first quarter earnings call. 
We marked more than 1 year since the devastating effects of COVID-19. While we see significant progress in vaccination, customer sentiment and recovery of our economy, there's still a lot to go before we're back to normal.  
I'm proud of how Verizon has responded during this period for all our stakeholders as we have executed on our balanced stakeholder-driven strategy. And as I said during the worst period of the pandemic, Verizon will come out stronger as a company when this is over.  
During the last 12 months, we have progressed all our position with customers, employees and added great assets to an already strong position. And today, we stand stronger than ever to compete in the market and serve our customers.  
Looking back on the quarter, we amplified and accelerated our strategy through our average 160 megahertz nationwide position in C-Band. And as we laid out in our Investor Day, the combination of C-Band and our millimeter wave places us in a unique position of strength to execute on all 5G opportunities: 5G Home, 5G Mobility and 5G mobile edge compute.  
On top of that, we have all our 5 vectors of growth in play together with our network leadership and a strong Network-as-a-Service foundation. And the progress we made in the quarter confirms that our strategy is working. We had growth in all our businesses for the first time since the launch of Verizon 2.0. We had growth in both EPS and cash flow.  
With all this work by our great team, we have a head start in the post-COVID era with a clear and differentiated strategy, diverse go-to-market models, network leadership, industry-leading partner ecosystem and a strong brand, all of which together provides a great platform and foundation to achieve our growth targets for 2021 and beyond.  
Let me talk about some of the highlights from the first quarter. Our network team continues to do great things by leading the network performance in the market as well as deploying more assets than ever before: millimeter wave, C-Band, 4G, 5G and fiber. I have a lot of confidence that this team will accelerate our network leadership.  
Our unique Mix & Match model continues to deliver with the migration to unlimited and unlimited premium in the quarter as well as building on our exclusive offerings like Disney+ and the most recent discovery+ that was launched earlier in the quarter. And we are pleased with the discovery+ with the current enrollment rates we have seen so far.  
Our brand and responsible business framework, Citizen Verizon, continue to set standards in the industry. Verizon was recognized by Fast Company as the sixth most innovative company in the corporate social responsibility earlier this quarter. Brand Finance recognized us as the most valuable telecom brand.  
Within ESG, we have ambitious goals such as our commitment to be net 0 in the carbon emission by 2035. Our long-standing focus on diversity, equity and inclusion is evidenced by the fact that we have 100% pay equity by gender globally and by race ethnicity in the United States. And earlier this week, we also launched our 2020 ESG report.  
We continue with a high level of deployment of millimeter wave and fiber in the quarter. And we're on the track to deliver on our operational targets for the year. We brought 5G service to several additional cities. We currently have 30 5G Home and 67 5G Mobility cities live and more to come.  
We recently signed our first European private 5G deal with Associated British Ports. We also expanded our 5G Edge partnership with AWS with private 5G and edge computing to our customers.  
We continue to scale our Network-as-a-Service strategy across new markets and verticals through a diverse set of partnerships. We have partnered with leading brands across diverse verticals such as Honda to innovate connected and autonomous driving; Deloitte and SAP to create a 5G and edge computing retail digital platform that will provide retailers with real-time operations data; and Dreamscape and Arizona State University to build and commercialize immersive learning and training.  
At our Investor Day, we shared with you our plans and commitment for C-Band and Ultra Wideband deployment, which continues to progress well. Our intent is to invest $10 billion of incremental C-Band CapEx to accelerate the integration on this capacity into our network. We recently signed deals with Crown Castle and SBA to accelerate our C-Band deployment and look forward to providing further updates on the build status throughout the year.  
We have already ordered half of the total network equipment needed from our 5G suppliers to support C-Band deployments in 2021. And the satellite operators are on track to clear the spectrum between third and fourth quarter of 2021 for the first tranche of spectrum.  
In addition, we continue to expand our Ultra Wideband coverage in Q1. We deployed 3,600 new Ultra Wideband sites. And to date, we have close to 21,000 sites on air and on track to reach 30,000 by end of this year.  
One Fiber form the strategic backbone of our intelligent edge network, and we continue to expand fiber deployment. And to date, we have deployed more than 42,000 route miles. We were also pleased with the low rates we achieved for long-term financing of this critical strategic investment. We view the record investor demand as support of our strategy and our financial discipline.  
Lastly, we were also very proud to offer prominent roles to 9 diversity and inclusion financial firms as part of the USD 25 billion financing. 
As I outlined earlier, our investments in our network and customers are generating solid revenue growth across all 3 of our operating groups. Our success in Mix & Match continue to drive uptake of unlimited plans and higher ARPA, supporting year-over-year growth of 2.4% in wireless service revenue, up from 2.2% in the fourth quarter last year.  
Ronan and the team closed out Q1 with strong momentum. And I'm excited to see their Q2 performance now that almost all of our stores have reopened. In addition, we see solid growth in Fios and with Fios Internet reporting the best first quarter net adds in 6 years. Additionally, Verizon Media Group continues to contribute meaningful growth, including the second consecutive quarter of double-digit growth year-over-year on the top line.  
With that, let me ask Matt to provide some deeper insight to the financial of the first quarter.

Thank you, Matt. Let me sum this up in a couple of easy buckets. First of all, our strategy is unchanged. Our focus is clear. We're going to accelerate our multipurpose network strategy, including the C-Band that we have acquired.  
We're going to focus on amplifying, accelerated the 5 vectors of growth. And we're going to see with that, that we're going to deliver on our 2021 commitments, both operationally and financially. And as I said earlier, I feel really good about our position and the team that I have that they will deliver on that.  
With that, I hand it over to Brady.

Thank you, John. On the competitive situation, I mean, as you have seen yourself, it is a competitive market, and it's been for quite a while. But with our model, I can see that we are actually winning in any case because with our growth trajectory that we have in all our businesses and the unique bundle, especially on the Consumer side with the Mix & Match, the value proposition. And you saw in the quarter, we continue to do that. 
And -- but also, as Matt mentioned, it was a little bit light in the beginning of the quarter because stores that were closed to that, et cetera. And then we saw a very good sort of strength in our port ratios and our growth in the end of the quarter because we have all the stores open. So we look forward to the second quarter and the second part of the year. 
And as Ronan said when we had the Investor Day, we believe we're going to have a good second part of the year. Second quarter is really close to us. And what we have seen so far, we feel good about it. So again, we have an overall strategy in order to address the market for consumer that is really working with these step-ups, the migrations and all of that. So in general, we feel good about it. 
The team is doing well. You saw we came out with a new promo as well. And we have always had -- we have a lot of financial discipline. We do this because we know we can actually capture market at good high-quality customers. 
On the infrastructure, I mean, as you said, this is in the planning stages. So it's hard to say if this is -- will go through or not. So -- but on the other hand, I think that what we are telling the administration is, of course, that accessibility, affordability and usability are the 3 buckets to address the digital divide. 
And when it comes to accessibility, we have to recognize, and I worked in 180 countries with networks, that the networks during the COVID-19 in the U.S., they were really working well. There were basically no major issues at all. They could deliver even though traffic moved around. 
So I think that what we are advocating for, we want that private sector continue to invest in the network and leading that charge and then having government work more with the affordability of it. So we have plans that meets all needs for all different customer segments in the market. So that's what we're advocating for. That's the same as BRT is advocating for as well. We don't think that any price regulation would be -- that will be contra productive to the market. 
So in general, again, it's very early on. I mean it's a plan that has not been approved and submitted. But at least we're advocating, together with BRT and with ourselves, what we think should be the right. Matt, any more comments on the competitive landscape?

Thank you, Simon. Yes, we had a good Fios quarter again. I mean, overall, I think the broadband is in demand and our high-quality Fios, of course, a great opportunity for us to expand on them. 
We -- I think, personally, that this will continue. The demand for broadband will continue. We are just starting a total revolution of using technology, which is scalable and sustainable in the post era of the COVID. So -- and we are a great position. And that also is going to help me tremendously when we come with 5G Home, on millimeter wave and C-Band and all that because we know how to deal with home broadband. And that is an advantage we have to any others that is trying to do fixed wireless access, and we have been on to it for a long time. 
And as we show as well, I mean, now we're up to over 30 markets with 5G Home, I mean added some 20 very recently. So we are on fire on this right now. We have very big belief in our 5G Home. And then later the year, when C-Band comes, we're going to add even more coverage on that. 
And all is embedded in how we work with the ecosystem from the beginning and how we have developed our own IPRs on how to do self-install, how to do all the sort of grids when it comes to millimeter wave and having a great opportunity to see that our customer gets a fantastic service. So all in all, this is a full package that we are bringing to the market in order to have a fully scaled broadband for the country. And I think it's absolutely the right moment. 
But don't forget on the business side as well, we now -- it's called 5G Internet on the business side. We are using the same methodology. We are doing the scaling on the same platforms, and we address another market with it. It goes back to a strategy that we had for all the time. We have a Network-as-a-Service, and we scale it with different customers. And that scale will help us with growth, but it also means that with the platform thinking we have, that will fall to the bottom line. And if you see in this quarter, all 3 units are growing. And we're bringing it to all to bottom line, and we still have more to do. But we know how to do it, and we have the model.

Yes. When it comes to -- first of all, I can only say that we are on to a fast start on the C-Band. I mean, it's only some 6 weeks ago since we can start to talk to our employees, we could talk to our partners, we can talk to the satellite companies, our suppliers. And as you have seen, I mean, we have already ordered half of the equipment. We have made agreement with the tower cos. We have talked to the satellite companies that has reaffirmed that they believe that they can clear this first tranche of the spectrum in third quarter and fourth quarter. 
So we're -- and we actually made a press release yesterday that we're now starting deploying C-Band as well, and that's 6 weeks. So we are -- the technology team was on fire to make this happen. And as I said, when we had this see -- at our Investor Day, we said that we worked with the dates we've got from the FCC because we haven't talked to anybody. Right now, this is the best date we have. And of course, we are pushing as much as possible to see that we get this up for our customers as soon as possible in order to get a great experience. 
And then flowing that over to the phone question, I think that we have seen a great uptake on 5G phones and on unlimited premium. And as Matt said, in the quarter, over 20% of the unlimited new customers took unlimited premium. That tells you there's a lot of value in it and a lot of 5G unit. 
And with the new promo that Matt talked about, we believe that is going to also drive 5G. So we believe that what we have in the market right now will continue to grow the 5G base. And as I said, this is growing faster than what we saw in 4G. So we will continue to monitor, of course, but we see a good uptake on it. And we can also add that when it comes to the iPad that have been just recently launched, it's also another additional millimeter wave and how that comes into the whole ecosystem. 
So again, we feel good about the uptake, and we feel good about the line of products we have. And we have the promo supporting it. So that's going to also go well together with the C-Band deployment coming later this year then.

Phil, thank you. Yes, we -- one of the hardest-hit businesses during the COVID-19 has been small and medium businesses. And for the simple reason that they are most vulnerable of these type of things and the economic recession. 
And we had enormously strong wireless business with SMBs coming into the COVID-19 that actually came down quite a lot. We have seen over the year that we slowly are coming back on that. And in this quarter, we actually had a very small growth in SMB. 
So as the economy recover, we think our positioning is really good on the wireless side, but also with the 5G Internet, meaning fixed wireless access, I think we have a great combination to support our customers with that on top of some value-added services on top of it. And I know that Tami and the team is working with this every day. 
I don't think we're over it that SMBs are coming back immediately. But clearly, we see some signs of improvement in the base. 
On the enterprise side, on the large enterprise side, I think we have the tale of 2 cities here again. I mean, you have certain large enterprises that are really impacted by the COVID-19 and the recession. They are basically holding back on investments. 
Then you have certain that has been fortunate in these tough times to actually grow better and having a lot of demand. So they are investing. And that is giving the blended rate that we have right now. And of course, in the enterprise business, we have the wireline sort of secular decline in the wireline, which will not go away, but the wireless business is coming in. Our mobile edge compute is happening. You saw how many announcement we did in the first quarter. We start to see exactly what we have predicted, that this year is the year of building the funnel and making this customer commercial. And Tami and the team are working together with Kyle, our CTO, every day to see that the customers are really seeing the benefit of it.

I think on the enterprise side, of course, we have some opportunities with the fiber. But remember, our priorities was clear. It's getting fiber to our 4G and our 5G network. That's really where we get the most bang for the buck. And then we do transfer enterprise when we have them. 
On the small and medium, that's going to take some time, that's what I said before. But now when we have the 5G Internet where we actually have fixed wireless access, we have a really good product for small and medium businesses. So some possibilities in enterprise, but they are also still to come. As we said, it's more focused on building the network with fiber, right, so we can see that our customer get the experience that they need to have when it comes to our exceptionally great 5G with millimeter wave and C-Band.

Thank you. David, yes, I just want to reiterate on the Verizon Media Group, again, we got back to where we started the strategy in 2018. We reset the business plan and we start to cut costs, then we reshaped all the products all the way from the open, owned and operated, all the brands, we combined the ad platform. The work has been immense by the Verizon Media Group team. And now we see sort of the fruits of that hard work with the growth in 2 consecutive quarters with double digits. 
So I just want to shout out to the team that this was the plan we set, and they are actually delivering on the plan. So I think we have a great future with these guys. They have clearly a good product portfolio, and we know digital is going to be important in the future. So by that, I think we're in a good position.

No. And I just want to agree with Matt. I mean I think the structural changes on platform thinking and using -- making the network with the Verizon Intelligent Network. Some of those benefits, we haven't even seen yet even with those investments are done. But also the new structure we have in the group where we have the 3 strong CEOs running their businesses has also unveiled much more efficiencies than we have seen before and how they run it. 
So I agree with Matt, I mean this is part of our governance constantly to see that we find more efficiency because that means that we can be even stronger in the market and having the best cost structure for us is important.

Craig, I cannot go into detail to any commercial agreements we have. But what I can say is that we feel good about our Network-as-a-Service strategy where we have our value -- our own sort of premium brand with Verizon. We have the MVNOs addressing a certain part. And then we have the Visible and all of that. That's the whole idea. And for us, this is accretive. 
We have a good relationship with our MVNO partners. We see them as enterprise customers, but we also see that this is accretive to us because we have all this. I mean, nobody in the market has the same opportunity as we have to play all the way from our premium Verizon, which you heard Matt and me talk about how we migrate and we're doing it in a great job, Ronan and team. And then we also have the MVNO partners bringing in customers and revenue and the best return on investment. 
And ultimately, we start building new markets with Visible and later on this year, with TracFone. And then we have an unparalleled position to anyone else in the market to be growing. So I feel good about it. I feel good about the relationship with MVNOs. We treat them as important enterprise customers, and we will continue to do so.

I think what -- everything we said from the beginning is holding through. The process is continuing as expected. And as I said, this second half of '21 event when this is going to be approved. So it's a progression as expected. We don't believe it's going to be earlier. We think it's going to be somewhere in the third quarter, which we said also when we announced this. 
So we will give an update when we know more, but there's a couple of different events still there. So -- but again, it's progressing as we expected from the beginning.

Thank you. On the first comment, I mean, you have seen our strategy, how we address the market. I mean, I cannot comment on what our competition is doing. We feel good about our positioning with the promos we are coming out right now. And it actually resonate with our customers, the migration path we have and all of that. So I don't think that you're going to see from us anything like that. 
So on the BlueJeans and collaboration tools, we are integrating that every day here in new settings with new partners all the time because this is a great asset. And we're scaling it right now as we acquired it. So that feels really good. And we still have the whole 5G area and the mobile edge compute area, which is going to need video conferencing, et cetera, or communication services. So there's a lot more to be done there. 
And we build that into the C-Band solutions, where Tami and her team are continuously working with our customers that want to migrate right now. And we have great offerings in the market. So we feel good about that to be part of that transformation in the market, which is offsetting some of the wireline secular declines that we see as well. So overall, I feel that we have a good position and a good work. Matt, anything more on that?

Thank you, Frank. Our capital allocation priorities are the same, as we said before. Number one, we will invest in our business. And I think we've been very clear what we're investing in right now and the CapEx and the increased incremental CapEx for the C-Band. 
Then secondly, we have clearly outlined we're going to put our Board in the position to continue to grow the dividend. Matt and I feel really confident about that. 
And then thirdly is to do as we did after the Vodafone acquisition, to come down again to pre-Vodafone, we call that pre-COVID or pre-C-Band right now because we want the same share or a little bit [ fashionist ]. So we're trying to -- we're doing that. And we see a great moment for that. And we have basically a plan for that given how we're going to generate growth and cash flow over the years. 
And as Matt outlined, when we spoke about this last time, 4 to 5 years is what we believe is going to take us to get there. So that's what we have in play right now. And no other things are included or no other new updates neither. So we are just happy with the first quarter where we generated very good cash, which means that the first quarter is in there for us to start doing our work to get back to the pre-C-Band sort of financial metrics.