Thank you, Brady. Good morning, and thanks for joining us for this earnings call. It was great to see so many of you at our Investor Day earlier in March.  
During the first quarter, the team stayed focused and continued to execute on our Network-as-a-Service strategy. This strategy underpins our 5 vectors of growth and a diverse path to revenue growth that sets us apart and sets us up for today and tomorrow. To that end, I'm pleased with the progress we have made across our 5 vectors during the first quarter. We continued to make headway towards our long-term targets and delivered a solid start to the year, even in the face of competitive and macroeconomic pressures. Matt will go deeper on these topics later on.  
With that, let's get into the results at the high level. Our first quarter adjusted EPS results of $1.35 proves our ability to execute and deliver profitability. This demonstrates our unique position of having both a focused strategy and strong execution capabilities to meet the needs of our 4 stakeholders in the growing 5G economy.  
It all starts with our network expansion and execution. As you've heard me say many, many times, mobility, broadband and cloud are the essential pieces of the 21st century's infrastructure. We're already taking advantage of this infrastructure and capitalizing on an addressable market that is growing as consumers and businesses adopt 5G. We saw this growth in our wireless sales, our customer loyalty and the rapid expansion of our fixed wireless business in this quarter.  
Across the business, our wireless activations were up 11% year-over-year, and we delivered our best Q1 phone net add performance since 2018. Additionally, our fixed wireless started to benefit from the launch of C-Band during the quarter, helping to amplify our national broadband strategy and deliver our highest broadband net adds in over a decade.  
We continue to deploy C-Band rapidly, enabling more and more of our customers to enjoy our Ultra Wideband experience, while also accelerating and amplifying our 5G revenue opportunities. A strategic pillar in our network expansion is our C-Band build-out, which, combined with our continued millimeter wave rollout, further establish and strengthens our network leadership, with RootMetrics ranking us again as the most reliable 5G network in the United States, and we have just started with the C-Band deployment.   
At the Super Bowl, we demonstrated the power of 5G to deliver new in-stadium and home experiences. For example, fans streaming the halftime show had access to multiple camera angles over our network to fully immerse in the entertainment experience, only something that can be done with 5G Ultra. This is just a taste of the new customer experience we and our partners are beginning to build on 5G Ultra.  
This is all based on a strong belief in giving our customers maximum optionality like mix and match, multi-cloud partners that allow our business customers choice for the digital transformation on 5G mobile edge compute, choice on premium experience with Verizon Up, and choices of streaming services with exclusive deals only on Verizon.  
Just this week, we announced HBO Max will be offered on our +play platform. We're empowering our customers to choose the services they need and we're delivering on it. Our disciplined focus is reflected in our first quarter results as we saw continued momentum with step-ups and elevated device upgrades from our customers.  
As we previously mentioned, as technology megatrends further shift how we will work and live, 2022 is a year for Verizon to scale execution. The world continues to transition toward increased connectivity, and the telecommunications industry's role in building our future has never been more vital. Through our key investments across our portfolio of assets, we will continue to build on our unique competitive position in the industry and drive growth across all of our 5 vectors.  
As we said before, 5G adoption is already much faster than what we saw when we changed from 3G to 4G. A year after 4G launched, less than 10% of the users had a compatible device. A year after the launch of 5G dynamic spectrum sharing, about 24% of our customers were on 5G devices. 5G device penetration is significant, and we expect it will reach 60% of our wireless consumers by the end of 2023, up from 40% at the end of the first quarter.  
Let me now talk about the momentum in our business group. Verizon Business Group continues to have a very strong momentum in wireless. I'm proud to report that Tami and her team delivered the best quarterly phone net adds since we formed Verizon Business Group, and they are just getting started. 
We're also rapidly building our 5G mobile edge compute and private 5G networks. Verizon was first in the industry to offer MEC services. This quarter, we partnered with Cisco to deliver the low-latency connectivity necessary for autonomous vehicles. As a partner of choice across all categories, we also made our first 5G agreement with a premium global automaker, and we will bring 5G connectivity to the next generation of Audi models starting with their 2024 vehicles.  
This IoT momentum expands across all our verticals with another strong net add performance this quarter. We're also seeing very promising progress in our private 5G network capabilities, offering small, mid-market and large enterprise clients turnkey plug-and-play services. I'm also pleased to share that our C-Band launched an aggressive execution, generating nationwide customer enthusiasm for our broadband offerings.  
Total new broadband customers were the highest in over a decade, with 229,000 net adds, driven by a strong increase of 194,000 fixed wireless access net adds. And this is not a one-off. You can see from the current broadband trends that the demand for fixed wireless is extremely high and growing.  
In the consumer business, we grew postpaid average revenue per account by 2.6% as our users upgraded new 5G packages. ARPA growth is a major part of the strategy that we presented at the Investor Day. In the value market, the TracFone integration continues to unlock an addressable consumer market that we have only just scratched the surface on. We now have the ability to service customers in all segments regardless of the macroeconomic outlook. Manon and I are very encouraged by this opportunity and see tremendous value in the customer base Eduardo and his team have cultivated under the TracFone umbrella.  
The migration of TracFone subscribers from other networks continues according to plan. In addition to the result in 5G mobility, nationwide broadband, MEC and business to business and the value segment, we also see ongoing momentum in the fifth vector, network monetization, with growth in volumes driving incremental revenues. Of course, all of this opportunity is built on top of the best network in the industry and the deployment of our 5G Ultra Wideband technology. Kyle and team now have more than 35,000 millimeter wave sites on air and approximately 113 million POPs covered at quarter end with C-Band.  
As deployment continues and device penetration ramps, traffic on our Ultra Wideband is increasing rapidly. At the end of the first quarter, 14% of all traffic in urban areas was on 5G Ultra, the result of our combined millimeter wave and mid-band spectrum. We saw a 35% increase in millimeter wave traffic between Q4 2021 and Q1 2022. C-Band traffic grew 155% from the end of February to the end of March. Where C-Band is deployed, 30% of our wireless traffic uses that spectrum.  
We have achieved this network evolution in the face of ongoing supply chain disruption. As I mentioned in previous quarters, our supply chain management is world-class. And we have planned and executed extremely well to anticipate and meet the needs of our customers. We continue to work with our partners with a focus on our deployment targets.  
We remain diligent in managing a complex global supply chain and count on our expertise to help us to deal with the unexpected. As you come to expect from our technology team, progress is being made throughout our network. In March, we announced a major milestone in the advancement of our 5G network as we work with 2 satellite companies to secure early clearing of an additional 100 megahertz of C-Band spectrum in 30 additional markets. Rolling out our C-Band service on this spectrum will expand our 5G market by 40 million potential customers, a full year ahead of schedule. We expect to reach at least 175 million POPs by the end of 2022 on C-Band.  
Early spectrum clearance gives us the speed to market and accelerates the return on capital for our network investments. Having early access to these 30 major markets will support our entire business. It adds consumers and business to our addressable market. And we know from experience that we see customer interest for fixed wireless access as soon as it is available.  
Our network expansion also supports our mission of digital inclusion, which is key to how we serve our 4 stakeholders and execute our strategy according to responsible business practices.  
Let me spend a minute on our progress in this area. Today, we released our detailed environmental, social and governance report for 2021, and we are proud of our progress. The report covers our ESG strategy in detail and reflects how responsible business practices drive our business. During the first quarter, we completed allocating proceeds from our third green bond offering and issued our fourth $1 billion green bond, which is expected to be allocated towards renewable energy. We also continue to pursue our long-term carbon footprint goals, as described in previous quarters and in our ESG report.  
Third parties have taken notice. We continue to be recognized for our sustainability efforts. During the quarter, MSCI raised our ESG rating to AA, our highest rating to date. And Sustainalytics ranked us strong in ESG risk management and low in overall ESG risk, putting us above our U.S. telecom competitors. 
As always, what it means to be a responsible business depends on global conditions. I'm proud of Verizon's relief efforts to support Ukraine, including extending free calling to and from Ukraine since the start of the war.  
Taken together, Verizon remains well positioned to compete this year. Our first quarter performance puts us on track for this pivotal investment year, and we remain well positioned to achieve our long-term growth targets.  
Now I will hand the call over to Matt to address our results in detail as well as some updates on the 2022 guidance.

Thank you, Matt. Our priority for 2022 is to continue to execute on our Network-as-a-Service strategy and to drive growth across all our 5 vectors. This is a critical year for scaling on our strategic investment as we work to capture all of the promise that 5G offers, both from a customer experience perspective and for our future revenue growth. 
We made good progress in this quarter and continue to execute on our long-term plans. Our core business and our strategy showed strength, and we have a solid momentum going into the second quarter, all built on the strong confidence in our strategy.  
Now we're ready to take your questions. Back to you, Brady.

I'll start, Brett, and then Matt will support later on here. 
First of all, I mean if you look at the quarter, we had a very good wireless net add quarter, of course, because if you look at the combination, our Business side was very strong. Consumer also had a good quarter, but a little bit slowness, as we said in the prepared remarks, in March. 
However, if you think about it, it's logical. I mean the competition is higher as we have seen now for a while because we're coming into the second phase of the 5G era, and the acquisition of 5G customers are sort of an important piece in the market. And what we see is, of course, a really good traction for us. 
I mean our churn levels are still very low. We're doing well. We're doing upgrades and step-ups all the time. So -- and that's our focus. Then, of course, as we always say, we look into the market, and we will take measured actions if it's needed that we have done all the time, and being very financially disciplined when we come into the market with new offerings and see if there is something we need to do. 
But right now, I feel really good where we are. We're actually -- with our launch of our Ultra in the beginning of the year, it's really kept -- made us in a total different situation because our network is just fantastic. And that's what we see from our customers, both on fixed wireless access and both on Consumer and Business. 
And this was the whole strategy we laid out and when we met in the beginning of March when it comes to our overall long-term strategy. So now I'm pleased with what I see. That is going to -- that would be a competitive market, but that's how it is. And I think it's very logical. And partly, we are sort of coming out with some strong offerings, mix and match and all of that. So the market is responding to it. So yes, I feel good about the strategy.

Thanks, Phil. I'll start with the overall macro, and maybe Matt will fill in a little bit about the gross adds, the other question you had. 
On the inflation, I mean as Matt said in the prepared remarks, I mean we haven't seen so much impact so far of it. But of course, this is the high in 40 years on inflation. So we are planning for all scenarios. We have plans to be prepared for what it takes. So that will, of course, include different type of cost adjustments, but also looking into what we can do with pricing. 
But again, we don't know how this will impact us. But clearly, these levels of inflation we have never seen before in the wireless industry. So of course, that also -- the measurements need to be thought through in a good way. And we are doing that, and we have already plans ready for it. So we're going to see what's going to happen. But clearly, we are in a moment in the economy where we really don't know how this is going to impact finally. But the levels are, of course, very high when it comes to inflation. Matt?

Thanks, Simon. No, no. This is, of course, one of the 5 vectors of growth that we are very focused on. And clearly, you'll see the momentum growing for us even since we met in the beginning of March. So clearly, as we turn on more and more houses and businesses for sale, we have a good sell-through. And the quarter was, of course, good for us. And we're coming in with the momentum into the next quarter is really good. 
Then of course, as we say, we're now deploying sort of the C-Band in urban and suburban. Millimeter wave is in urban, LTE is in rural. So that is really now also where the customers are coming on to. But clearly, our C-Band is coming quicker in here. We're going to have even more opportunities. And as you heard me saying in my prepared remarks there, we now also have an additional 30 markets that we'll have early clearing on this year, which gives us even more frequencies, 100 megahertz. 
So this is adding all to this momentum we have. And remember, we have been working on this for a while. We know how to do it all the way from in the sort of provisioning of the network, capacity management, billing and propositions. And that comes to the pricing as well. I think we have a good pricing at the moment with a combined offering and also the stand-alone offering, and we see that making a good sort of wave in the market. 
But as always, we will always look into what is the right price point, which is the right type of value we're giving our customers. I think we are giving a great value, and that's what we see in the numbers. So yes, we have a great momentum coming out from the quarter going into this quarter, and we will continue to hammer this as we're hammering all the 5 vectors of growth constantly to see that we are reaching our long-term ambitions that we outlined in the beginning of this -- in the beginning of March, I think, that was our Investor Day. It was some time ago.

Yes. If we start with the fixed wireless access, I mean I can talk for ourself, but I'm not sure what the response will be from someone. But this is a high-quality product. The usage of the fixed wireless access is very similar to our Fios users. So this is a primary usage in the vast majority of all the cases when it comes to our fixed wireless access. 
So this is a high-quality product that definitely is going to compete very well in the market. And in our case, as we have said before, this means that we are nationwide with our broadband as we're expanding our C-Band and can address more and more households. That doesn't mean that we lose our focus on our Fios footprint because that is a very strong product in the ILEC we have. And you saw this quarter again, we're doing well and continue to grow our Fios. And this year, we're going to have more open for sale on the Fios. 
So for us, is we create optionalities, but we only create high-quality products that we believe that the customer wants and then that we are supporting. So that's why I feel good about our whole national broadband strategy that we laid out in the previous -- in the first quarter. So I'm really pleased with that. 
The second question, I think that when we look at our business, and I think we talked very well about it at our Investor Day our focus is to, over time, grow this business with 4%. And that we do with different levers, and of course, based on the best network in the nation, no doubt about that. And our network is just improving. And we have just started our C-Band, so we are super excited on the network we have. 
And then on top of that, of course, the different type of investments we have done in order to grow, and to grow the 4%. And that, I think, shareholders should be excited over. And that's what you see in this quarter as well. We are actually executing on those levers. We are ahead of plan on certain of the vectors, which is great to see. And that will translate both the top line and the bottom line, as we outlined in our Investor Day. 
So that's how I see it. And we will continue to see that we are a premium brand. But remember, nowadays, we can actually play in all fields on the wireless, all the way from the sort of the prepaid to the high-end premium and meet any type of conditions in the market with our portfolio, which is enormous strength. And on top of that, we have a scale of economy on all our offerings because we own our network, we have built our network and all of that. 
So I feel really good with all I have to say and where we're going, and we're going to compete well. I mean I just can tell you that we feel good about it. Matt?

I can start with the C-Band. Yes, for obvious reasons, we see more excitement in the markets where we are turning on the C-Band and also some more upgrades. But remember, we are just in the beginning of the C-Band and we started with it in the midst basically of the quarter. So we're there at the beginning. 
But clearly, when our customers and consumers see the C-Band turned on, they see enormous performance on the network, and that's easier to make a big difference all the time. So far, it may be not so much. But clearly, the excitement is out there.

No, I think that you're adding on, on the mobile edge compute, and we talked a little bit in the prepared remarks. But clearly, we see the market now with the whole ecosystem coming in there, and we, as the pioneer and the leader in the market, definitely have more engagement than we have ever had before. 
Pivoting a little bit to private networks, in the beginning, 5G private networks, and then you build on the mobile edge compute on that. So now, I see this as a traditional B2B. And not only that, it's definitely clearly a way for us to build new relationship with our enterprise customer. 
But I said before, this year, we are building that funnel. We're making it. And of course, when it comes to meaningful revenue or a little bit higher, that's going to be more next year. So -- but clearly, this year, we're going to talk a lot about and show you what we're doing, the solutions we have. 
And remember also, we have the smaller solution for SMBs when it comes to private 5G networks. We see so many use cases. And remember, all is built on how we built the network from the beginning where we basically, from the data center to the edge of the network, have one unified network which is fiberized. And then at the edge of the network, we can do different solutions for different type of customer groups. This is going to pay off big time the next 5 to 10 years. And I feel really good about how we have built the network. And seeing also the importance of mobility, broadband and cloud in our society for businesses and people, I think we're so well placed in this. So I feel good about it.

Yes, it is more ambition to continue. When it comes to our capital intensity, I think we outlined that very clearly that we will have the peak year now, then we're coming down. And then in '24, '25, we will have a BAU that is below 12%, which is of course, over a decade, the lowest we've had. But that is coming from the investment levels we have done and prepared the network. 
In there, of course, we have the BAU expansion of C-Band. So that's clear. And already right now, as you know, we have moved up. So now we will have doing at least 175 millions POPs covered this year. And then, of course, that means also that other pieces of the network will come earlier. And topping that with so far, we're only using 60 megahertz. Now we're adding 100 megahertz in the next 30 markets. But remember, in average, we are 161 megahertz nationwide. And in many and mostly in the rural areas, we're up to 200 megahertz. 
So of course, we invested in this spectrum in order to be extremely competitive and do things that nobody else can do. So we're going to continue to do it, but that doesn't change the profile that Matt and I laid out when it comes to capital intensity. That's included. But clearly, we're going to take advantage of the investments we have done. And the sooner we do it, the better it is.

I can start with the second one because I remember it, and I will come to the wireless customers. 
So on the Fios, you're right, 550,000 open for sale this year, which is an increase from 2021. And we will continue to look for opportunities to expand, as our customers are loving the product. So there are no limitation on that. That's, of course, the focus is in the ILEC where we're doing the expansion. Outside that, we're predominantly though working with fixed wireless access. 
So ultimately, we want to give high-quality products on broadband that can be used for everything you need in a home or in a business, and that's what we are catering for, either through fixed wireless access and Fios. So we're going to continue to see if we accelerate depending on customer demand. But clearly, as we're increasing Fios this year compared to last year, we see that happening. And our capture rate on Fios is, of course, magnificent. It's great. We're really strong on it. 
When it comes to the wireless customers, and I guess I don't 100% remember the question, so Matt will probably support me at the end there. But one thing that we need to remember, the strength of SMB, for example, that we have had now for many quarters, that is clearly a segment that is doing well on wireless. 
Then on the same time, as Matt has said, we see our customers continue to do upgrades and step-ups. That is part of our strategy and that we're seeing in our base constantly. So I don't think that is a big difference from previous quarters where we've seen before. But I'm not sure. Maybe, Matt, you have something more on that.