Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Our second quarter was not a good barometer for where Verizon has been or where it's going. While we are not satisfied with our performance, we know what the issues are, and we're already executing to reaccelerate in the second half of the year. 
As I said in our first quarter earnings call and reiterated since, we're seeing weaker consumer wireless volumes. The inflationary environment is clearly impacting consumer behavior, and we also saw intensified competition for consumer attention. The result was a significant impact on our gross adds. 
Based on our performance this quarter and analysis of the landscape, we're updating our financial guidance by lowering our expectation for service and other revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share. Matt will provide more detail in a few minutes.  
As you know, we have already responded. Last week, we launched our Welcome Unlimited plan for Consumer wireless that will meet the needs of budget-conscious consumers without providing device subsidies. In addition to these new plans, we took pricing actions in both of our business units to mitigate inflationary pressures.  
In Consumer, we also adjusted prices for some legacy metered plans, increasing revenue per plan while motivating step-ups to our Unlimited offerings. All of these actions position us for improved performance in the second half of 2022 and into 2023. 
More than ever, our leadership team is focused on executing our strategy through operational and customer-focused solutions. While I'm confident that we have the right strategy in place, we will continue to refine our approach as the consumer market evolves.  
Looking further into our business, we continue to see momentum that gives us confidence in our ability to improve performance over the long term. In our Consumer Group, we have consistently pursued a disciplined strategy of offering high-quality services at the competitive prices. We know the economic pressures that our customers are facing and are carefully bringing new offers to meet their needs.  
I'm personally working with the Consumer group to define our disciplined approach to the market while also looking closely at how we operate and do business. This is reflected in the plans and promotions we introduced in May, June and July. 
Mix and Match continues to drive premium plan adoption, with 78% of our consumer base on Unlimited plans and 39% on Premium Unlimited. We have seen healthy step-ups for 5 consecutive quarters, which continues to drive ARPA growth, and there is room for more. 
While consumer budgets are becoming strained, we continue to find ways of delivering new valuable services while recognizing that the handset subsidies we're seeing in our industry are not sustainable long term. Our new Welcome Unlimited plan is a great example of this. 
We have tailored offers for the full range of Consumer segment from premium to value across postpaid and prepaid to meet all consumer needs in this challenging market condition. In the prepaid value segment, our integration of TracFone is on schedule and provide us with another suite of offerings to bring consumers onto our network.  
Our fixed wireless access solution continues to bring us new connections. Across Consumer and Business, we increased fixed wireless net adds by 32% over the first quarter, driven by a 50% increase from our Consumer group.  
In our Business group, we again delivered excellent wireless volumes, with 430,000 net adds, including 227,000 postpaid phone net adds in the quarter. This marks our third consecutive quarter exceeding 200,000 wireless phone net adds.  
In the Global Enterprise market, businesses, government agencies and other institutions continue to recognize the power of Verizon's network and the importance of digitalization. This week, we announced an over $400 million project with FPI to help the Bureau meet its global bandwidth demands. We will provide direct access to their development team, and we'll advise on system enhancements like cloud computing, video and imaging transmission and data applications.  
We'll also offer private 5G solutions to optimize complex organizations. We recently partnered with the Virginia International Terminals to build a Private 5G network across its Seaports campus. This network is scalable to replace Wi-Fi with more secure connectivity. 
We're seeing new opportunities and increased demand for these network solutions from enterprises and other organizations. Verizon is uniquely positioned to take advantage of the moment and provide the highest-quality private networks to these customers.  
Private networks are the gateway to mobile edge compute, which can deliver game-changing customer outcomes, including revenue growth, new customer experience and cost savings. During the second quarter, we expanded our MEC ecosystem by bringing AWS Wavelength zones to Nashville and Tampa and now reached 19 metro areas. This means that 75% of the U.S. population is now within 150 miles of Verizon's 5G Edge.  
In partnership with Truist, we supported the launch of the 10,000-square foot (sic) [ 100,000-square foot ] Innovation Technology Center in Charlotte, North Carolina. As a founding member of the Innovators in Residence program, we will help create a global hub for the development of 5G and MEC application in the Financial Service segment. This trend will continue to create growth opportunity for us across a range of industries, as we are a market leader in 5G private networks and in mobile edge compute.  
The momentum in Verizon Business is a fitting send-off for Group CEO, Tami Erwin, who is ending her amazing 35-year career at Verizon. We promoted Sampath at the Verizon's Business CEO on July 1. Sampath brings over 2 decades of experience in digital networks, critical infrastructure protection and a deep understanding on how networks play a role in enterprise growth and global security. He has been part of the Verizon team for more than 8 years, and I know that he is the right leader to take Verizon Business forward.  
The power of our network gives us the flexibility to meet the needs of our customers across Consumer and Business. The continued and speedy expansion of our network and capabilities creates agility and optionality within our larger strategy. 
We ended the quarter with 135 million POPs covered by C-Band and remain on track to reach at least 175 million POPs by the end of the year. With the early clearance that we announced in March, we're expanding service into an additional 30 markets and have started deploying 100 megahertz of C-Band spectrum in many markets across the U.S., almost doubling the spectrum available for 5G. 
We're seeing the phenomenal performance we expected. Network usage is growing quickly, with C-Band users up 233% since the end of the first quarter and millimeter wave traffic up 49% year-to-date. Where C-Band is deployed, it accounts for more than 1/3 of our wireless traffic on average. Consumers are also equipped with the devices they need to use 5G. Currently, 47% of our consumer base has a 5G phone, and we expect that number to reach nearly 60% by year-end. 
Our already-best wireless network continues to earn recognition for its performance and dependability. This month, J.D. Power gave us the highest number of awards for network quality for the 29th time in a row. And RootMetrics recognized us for having the best overall network performance in the country for the 18th time in 9 years.  
Turning to the second half of the year. We will continue to listen to our customers and give them reason to sign up, stay and upgrade with us. This month, we also added, on top of our yearly business transformation, a multiyear program to enhance our efficiency measures and actuate the cost benefits delivered. This will ensure that our balance sheet remains strong for the market ahead.  
We are on the horizon with the goal of growing our business and controlling costs. We will never shy away from investing a portion of our cost savings in our growth initiatives. We are confident in our ability to deliver both efficiency and growth while creating long-term value for our shareholders.  
Before I turn it over to Matt to give you more details on our results and our outlook for the second half of the year, I want to mention that we reached a tentative deal with our unions to extend our collective bargaining agreement. This extension will provide us with labor stability focused on our customers and opportunities to grow our business over the next 4 years.  
By that, I hand it over to Matt.

Thank you, Matt. In summary, we view this quarter and second half challenges as short term. We have a strong and resilient business model that is well suited to deliver favorable financial results, even in uncertain economic times. 
In this environment, we remain disciplined and focused on delivering long-term shareholder value through improved revenue and profitability, with healthy cash generation that supports our network investments and dividend policy as well as a strong balance sheet. We also have the best team in the industry, and I know they are ready to deliver.  
The actions we have taken in our Consumer business creates an opportunity to solidify Consumer performance. Those actions include new postpaid plans and our continued integration of TracFone. Fixed wireless access for both Consumer and Business has proven to be a powerful connectivity solution. We expect our nationwide broadband presence and our fixed wireless subscriber base to grow well into the future. We will continue to drive Business wireless subscription and expand our MEC ecosystem. 
Taken together, and combined with our accelerated efficiency work, our actions during the quarter address our competitive challenges. And we'll continue to listen to our customers and thoughtfully respond in the marketplace. Our second quarter initiatives are designed to strengthen our Network-as-a-Service capacity, which uses the power of our network to drive results from our 5 vectors of growth.  
Thank you for all, and we're ready to take your questions. Brady, back to you.

Thank you, Brett. I can start with the second part of it. As you said, I mean, we have taken several actions in the quarter, aggressive all the way from the new Unlimited plan with bring your own device and no subsidy. And then, of course, we also have done our increases on the pricing actions we have taken. 
So we've taken that, but we constantly now evaluate if we need to do something more. But we will be very conscious about discipline in the market because I don't think that it's sustainable long term to continue with the subsidized model. So we will pulse in and pulse out, of course. It's a holiday season, of course, that will be there. So we will work with that one. But clearly, that will do. 
But remember, also, if you look at our value -- our premium segment, this is in the high end, we're doing really well. We have high-quality cost to customers. You see the step-ups continuing. So what we are addressing right now is the metered and low-end Unlimited, which are more price conscious right now. And that's what we're addressing with it. 
So we are more surgical than just making any blanket decisions here. So that's very good. And on top of that, we feel good about TracFone. Of course, if the market would turn even worse, I mean, we have TracFone. And then we can play in all segments and meet all the demand from different customers. But clearly, we're staying extremely close. 
With Matt and I and Manon and her team, we work weekly to see where the market is going, if we need to adjust. But we will always think about how we -- our financial discipline and how we preserve cash. Because we always need to think 2x before we bring in customers. We want high-quality customers. 
Matt, maybe you can comment on the customer base.

On the prices, let me start, and Matt will add in there. Of course, the pricing actions we took with price increases and on the metered plan and adjustments, that, we will see coming into play in the second half of this year. So that we will, of course, expect some of it. There might be some consumers that are cost conscious that will do disconnects and that we're calculating with. 
On the Welcome Unlimited, which is a segmentation of the Unlimited market, it's a little bit too early to say. It's only been in the market for, I think, 7 or 8 days. So it's a little bit early to say. We think we're addressing the markets -- a part of the market where we had some outflows in the second quarter, and we have taken that action aggressively with this plan. But clearly, we also see opportunities for having step-ups in that plan as well from our customers. 
Matt, anything more?

And maybe -- sorry, I didn't answer on the store traffic there, I realized that. So as we said in the first quarter and through the second quarter, we had a little bit less of traffic in our stores in April and May and the latter part of March. We saw some pickup in June, but still a little bit below earlier trends. But that might be just the market and how it's working right now. But other than that, nothing special.

Thank you, Phil. First of all, we feel really good about our network and the quality of the network. It's actually better than ever and as you hear us talking as well. We are just in the midst of the C-Band rollout, which is extremely strong and the performance we see on it. And we just are passing over 130-plus million POPs on it, and by year-end, at least 175 million. So we're going to have many more customers getting the benefit of the C-Band. 
So now we feel good about that. I mean, you saw the RootMetrics, you saw the -- both of the J.D. Power as well having us as the Best Network. So we don't feel that is a difference. 
What we're doing right now, I think that's -- we have to be clear -- very clear, Phil. We are segmenting the market. So where we now have the Welcome plan, that's a segment of the Unlimited and metered plan. On the high end, we have -- as Matt said, we have really good sort of loyalty. We see step-ups, exactly as we outlined in our plans. That's what we're see being continued. And that's why we saw the ARPA increase in this quarter, and we see continuous step-up. 
So I think, not only think, I'm confident our strategy is working. We're just addressing a segment in this economical time. So I feel really good about the strategy and how we do it. And we will continue to be very focused on cash flow and getting the right type of customers because we believe high-quality customers are important. And that means loyalty, it means also a very good base to build on. So we feel good about the strategy. I understand your question, but I feel really good about it. 
Matt, anything else?

Great question. No, first of all, we feel really good about our 5 vectors of growth. And in one of the vectors, of course, we have national broadband. This was exactly what we envisioned when we rolled out the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network in 2017, that we can have multiple opportunities to address the market. And fixed wireless actually is just timing for us, I mean, 32% growth, 50% growth in the Consumer Group. This is all about us deploying the network. 
Of course, we have millimeter wave and we have 4G in the fixed wireless access, but the C-Band, both, they gave a coverage and an enormous, good performance as well. So as we roll out and hitting more households, we are going to -- we can grow even faster. So our expectation that's in mind is, of course, we will continue to have that opportunity to grow right now from the base we have as we're opening most households. But remember, from the open household to [indiscernible] (00:47:09), et cetera, is a little bit time lag because the direct marketing and all of that is working through, but we feel really good about. 
We feel also good about our Fios, even though it was a little bit less of net adds on Fios because less movements, I guess, in this environment, nothing strange. But really good performance on Fios when it comes to the network and our customer base and your churn. So all in all, the national broadband is playing really good for us. And this was a strategy from the beginning. I have high expectations. Matt has high expectation on it as well. Our teams are executing from the network to our commercials. 
Matt?

Matt, start.

Yes. Thank you. And maybe also a comment on the supply chain because there's a lot of discussion around that. And I have to say that Verizon has done a great job on our supply chain, around the whole supply chain and secure that. I mean, you can see that in our rollout on our C-Band millimeter wave and everything else we're doing in the network that were way ahead of our earlier plans. And that's, of course, how we have secured our supply chain, I really want to say. 
When it comes to the unions, I mean, we have reached -- as I said in my remarks, we have reached a tentative agreement on the bargaining agreement with them. And we have a great partnership with the unions. So we think this is an important one. You have to see that we secured the workloads we'll have in the future and see that we continue to have a great working relationship with the unions. So that's why we have this tentative agreement.

Thank you. On the Business wireless, you have seen us now for several quarters having a really good run on it. Our conclusion and our confidence level is high that our mission-critical networks is so important for our customers, and that's why we see such a good traction on it. I think it's normally, there are probably some leakage in between Consumer to Small and Medium, but it's also from Small and Medium -- or Consumer to Small and Medium. 
So that, I don't think, is anything different than what I've seen before, but it's always some type of movements in between. So we feel really good about our Business wireless and how they are performing and how our customers like our network. 
On the second question, as I said also before, I mean, we think it's a short-term challenging times right now. Long term, we are confident that this is a great market. We have great assets, and we can execute on our plans. 
So I'm -- whatever we have done in the last 5 years here with the network, with our divestments and acquisitions, we have positioned ourselves for a really good long-term strategy in a market where mobility, broadband and cloud are the most important digital assets for consumers and businesses. I couldn't dream to have another position that we have today. So I'm confident about the long term of our business. 
Matt, anything else?

Thanks. I think I actually see both. I mean, we see -- we saw a trend over the years of bring your device from enterprises. But actually, in order to secure a more seamless experience for enterprise customers, we see more now customers actually going back and actually supplying the devices of our customers. It's a little bit dependent on what type of business they're into, I have to say. But we see a little bit of a trend going down the direction right now. 
Think about building private 5G networks, where you want everybody to have a seamless wireless -- 5G wireless experience inside an office and then going out on the street and having Verizon's commercial network. Then you need to deploy a handset that is actually coming from the company in order to manage it. So we see actually both. I don't think it's an accentuated trend, at least, as I can tell from taking the question on this level. 
On the other thing, I just want to give another data point as well. I mean, remember, I talked a lot about handoffs in the networks during COVID. It was sometimes down 60% in New York City that people didn't move. We are back to the hands off, that means -- handovers. It seems like people are moving equally much right now as we're doing pre-COVID. It's, of course, a different buckets. 
But on the high level, when we look at the network, handovers are back to normal and actually even a little bit more. That can, of course, depend on that how much more equipment we have deployed in 2 years. But that's what we see.

Thank you, Craig. If we take the 3 different business models we deployed in the network for 5G, I mean, fixed wireless access, so if I take that first, that definitely is happening all the way, that everybody was questioning if fixed wireless access is something you can do. We feel really good about it. The capacity in the network is if there's no problem. And as Matt said, we have deployed 60 megahertz of the C-Band. We have, in average, 160. So we have so much more to go. So that one is definitely happening. 
On the mobility, 5G mobility, yes, short term is a little bit more challenging. I think that comes from both economical situation in the market. Long term, I see the same. As I said before, the step-ups and going to higher plans is a great opportunity for us. And as you saw in this quarter, our ARPA went up. Our high-end customers continued to do step-ups. So both of those are happening. And 47% of our customers has a 5G phone. And by year-end, we would probably be near at least 60%. So I think those are happening. 
On the contrary, mobile edge compute and IoT, we also have a really good trend on that. It has pivoted a little bit right now and starting with private 5G networks and then it goes over to mobile edge compute when you bring in the cloud experience in it. So you saw that during the quarter, we announced several private 5G networks. We see more and more customers feeling that, that's a good replacement for them in order to have a secure high-capacity network instead of having WiFi in many cases. 
And the reason why it's happening right now is now devices are coming out. And the next couple of years, we're going to see so many more devices and not talking only about smartphones. So I feel that it is the same opportunity that we have talked about all the time. Given the economic environment, there might be always some changes to it. But long term, I see no difference to it, and that's how we build the network. 
And we are the world leader in mobile edge compute and private 5G networks. We feel that, that's a sweet spot for us. We've been all the time been very early with other 5G use cases as well and feel really good where we are. So I understand your question, Craig. But in general, I'm confident that, well, this is a great opportunity for the market.

Yes. Thank you, Kannan. First of all, when it comes to the margin, I mean, there are many levers to run here. Of course, one is, of course, continue to see that we have good opportunity to grow. And remember, we have 5 vectors of growth. And some of them might be more impacted if the economy and environment is turning worse. But many of them actually are playing well in the hands in a market like that, like fixed wireless access, like our value brand with TracFone and all of that. So again, I feel that we have opportunity to expand by having those performing, if it's going to be tougher on some others. 
And then, of course, cost. I mean, we always work with cost. And as Matt has outlined several times, we work with cost efficiency and programs constantly. And now we're adding efficiency programs or enhancing what we have in order to be prepared for tougher times and being able to invest in the market. So I think we have all the things that we should have. And I'm confident that we have a toolbox that we're working with, and the team is on it every day, and we will continue to be on it. 
It is an environment that's a little bit complicated, I think, for any company at the moment. But I also feel that we know what we're doing here. We are confident about our strategy. We are confident about our cash generation. And we are confident that we will be financially disciplined through this time. 
Matt?

Yes. Thank you, Frank. Let me start with the business -- with the government business. And of course, in government business, a little bit longer contracts. Of course, they come up for renovation now and then. I think what we see much more is the digitalization happens in that segment as well, equally much as we see with enterprises and much more about us supplying the whole -- all business models with digitalization and applications and support them with the ways we're working. 
So that has been good. And as we announced yesterday, one of them, with 1 governmental agency definitely included that. So we see the government going the same ways as an enterprise market going with digitalization, which includes applications, wireless technology, fiber technology in order to see that their employees and their services have the latest technologies. And that, I think, we are playing well into, given the network we have and the confidence that everybody have in our network. So I think that's really what's happening. 
Matt, on the Consumer side?

Thank you. First of all, on the different type of value services we have in the high end or in the premium segment, if it's Disney+ or others, we think that's very important still. And we see our customers really liking it. And we have been in the forefront of this industry with these type of exclusive deals with the most prominent brands you can ever think about. We will continue to do that for our high-end customers. And that has really turned out well for us and our partners. 
And in -- during the second half of this year as well as we announced at Investor Day, we also want to launch a +play, which is a platform for digital subscription aggregation for our customers. You have seen, basically, I wouldn't say everyone because there's many in the market, but the majority of the important brands has signed up with us. So we will continue to leverage both sort of network and service, but also distribution as a service for our customers and for us in order to have the best return on investment. So we feel good about that. 
And as you see in the marketplace, I mean, digital subscription services is just popping up direct-to-consumer all over the place, nowhere better to work with than working with Verizon that has the biggest direct-to-consumer distribution in the market. So we have a lot of inbounds. We're going to do it right. We're going to see that our customers and our shareholders are benefiting from it. 
When it comes to the question about subsidy and all of that and segmentation, and as clearly articulated, we try to be surgical in our changes, both on prices and on step-ups and all of that. And right now, the team, working diligently, has been on the segment that is hitting low-end Unlimited and metered plan. We're going to see and have opportunities there to bundle in other things. 
We are already working with our fixed wireless access offering for our customers that are wireless customers with good -- very good value proposition. So we will continue that and see if there are other things we need to bundle in. But right now, we have, I think, a very strong positioning. And we are taking aggressive actions in the quarter, some confidence that we will continue to see improvements here over time.