Thank you, Brady, and most welcome to this earnings call. This is an earnings call that is very different from all previous ones that I have done. I've been in crisis -- in the telecom crisis in 2000, bank crisis in 2008 and '09. This is something totally different. It's a health crisis with a pandemic that impacts each and every one of us wherever you are in this world. 
I'm proud of the team of Verizon, how we have been backing up in this crisis and how we work together. We decided very early on to split our team, in our crisis management team, and the leadership team continue to drive our business forward. In the middle of February, we made that split in order to see that we're actually attending all the things that happening in a company the size of Verizon. 
Our COVID-19 response has been based on how we manage our 4 stakeholders. We have taken decisive action, but they're all balanced and thinking about the long-term and the positive impact for all our stakeholders. Let me quickly go over what we have done in a different areas of stakeholders. 
On the employee side, the majority of our all employees are working from home. We moved quickly to a work-from-home environment. Today, we have high productivity in that setup. We have also retrained some 20,000 of our own employees to work with new tasks and work from home. And some additional 1,000 of third parties that is part of our delivery. 
But also, we need to acknowledge we have a lot of our employees in frontline, serving customers, keeping up the networks, at the same time as keeping some of our stores open. We have roughly 30% of our stores open, of course, with limited opening times and also only by appointment. But they are playing a vital role to keep up the most important infrastructure in this country right now, besides hospitals and first responders, and I'm happy to report the team is doing a great job.  
And talking about our customers, we have been attending all our customers with new demands during this crisis. At the same time, we are also part of the pledge of Keep Americans Connected, which means that we are waiving late fees or overages for small and medium businesses and the residential customers that have been impacted by the coronavirus.  
Our network has performed well. I will come back to that a little bit later.  
When it comes to our work in the society, helping communities, that's also extremely important right now. Large corporations need to take the responsibility. We have done some of it, like the PayItForward, which is our concert sides. Sometimes 3 times a week, which is gathering concerts or celebrities, bringing in people actually adding to and helping small and medium businesses. We call it PayItForward LIVE. But also work with WHO and other organization that needs help and ultimately supporting the most vulnerable in our society.  
Finally, on the education side, that we always have been focused on, we're not only supporting the schools that had already had their support for, but we're also adding together New York Times, offering all the content from New York Times to all the high school students across the country. So we're proud what we're doing in that area.  
And finally, on the financials, we have also worked quite a lot with what we're doing in our cost side. We're taking already cost measurements in the first quarter, everything from third-party spending, seeing, of course, that we're traveling less, but we're doing this prudently as usual. On top of that, we increased the CapEx guidance in the quarter because we felt that it was a good time for us to continue to see that we have robust networks as we went into a moment in time we don't really know how the network would be used. At the same time, of course, sending a message that we think is a good return on investment on that incremental CapEx. At the same time, I think Matt and his team has done a great job of seeing that our balance sheet is in the best shape, added liquidity in the middle of the quarter through very cost-effective bond costs that we had. 
And we are also working with scenario planning. Nobody really knows how this is going to end, but we have several scenarios and actions that we're working with as a leadership team.  
Let me talk about the network a little bit, and we have been reporting every week the development of our network since the outbreak of the pandemic. And you have seen some staggering numbers, like over 200% up on gaming, 10x up on collaboration tools, 40% up on video. 800 million calls a day, which is twice the amount of what we have on Mother's Day, which is the biggest day a year. All that we have been managing very well with the network. We have built a robust network, and we can deliver high quality.  
If we then look now week-to-week, you can see on the slide that we have much less of changes. We feel that we have settled in on the type of usage of the network and where it's used. So it's very small variation.  
I just want to point out the mobile handoffs, which is basically how our customers are moving between different cells, down 35% since the outbreak of the COVID-19. And in certain places like New York City, it's over 50% reductions on mobile handoff.
So how our network hold up then when it comes to all those changes? This is how we show during the Investor Day, the -- how our capacity versus the busy hours in the wireless network. As you can see, we continue to keep the same headroom in the network when we come into the COVID-19. And the main reason is that, first of all, we were prepared. We have added capacity. But also the network is using different time frames and with different applications. And this exclude any use of the AWS-3 temporary spectrum that SEC so greatly lended to us in the beginning of this crisis as an insurance if usage would go somewhere we wouldn't know. But however, I can report that our technicians and our operations team has done a fantastic job, and the network is keeping up very well with the changes and the enormous usage of the network.  
Let me finish up before I hand over to Matt and talking about the progress towards our 2020 commitment. They are intact. We work to see that we can both handle this crisis, which is unprecedented, but we also continue to execute on our strategy. When it comes to strengthen our core business and grow our core business, of course, we, right now, have more digital sales than we had before, which is, of course, very encouraging. But we also strengthened our core business by adding a very good and nice piece of millimeter wave spectrum that gives us very good holdings for [indiscernible] strategy. 
When it comes to leverage our assets, and we're growing in the future, our 5G plans and our fiber plans, the build-out of those are on plan. We were also a little bit ahead of plan when we ended the first quarter. And can I report still today, we are on plan with the 5G and fiber. Of course, our challenge is out there when it comes to COVID-19 and so on. But our team are finding new ways and innovative ways to actually do the deployment. There are ways of dealing with approvals from the municipalities set by new ways. And we have great collaborations from many of the municipalities to do it. There might be problems going forward, but I am also confident that my team are very innovative in the field and see that we continue to drive hard on this.  
We also added an acquisition just recently, the BlueJeans acquisition, adding to what Matt and I said in the fourth quarter, talking about the investment we want to do in our Verizon Business Group, where we see a great opportunity and, of course, we accentuated in this COVID-19 where we now add the BlueJeans capabilities, both to our existing distribution, but also for the future of 5G, where we think there are video capabilities that's going to be extremely important. On the financial discipline, we continue to drive that. Matt is leading that work, both preplanning and what we're doing.  
And finally, about our purpose-driven company, which is so important this time to see that you have all your employees with you. We are doing a lot of impact in the society. We have virtual volunteering right now, where a lot of our employees can actually contribute to the society in these tough times. And finally, we also actually communicate with our employees basically every day on a live webcast in order to see that everyone knows what we're doing and where we're going in times of uncertainty. 
Quickly, on the first quarter. Matt will cover it much better. I'm proud of the team, delivering strong growth in wireless service revenue but also the 5% growth on our adjusted earnings, which includes the impact of COVID-19 and then a strong cash flow, up 26% year-over-year. The segments all had their challenges, but also their strength in this quarter, mainly, the challenges came from COVID-19. 
Finally, on the guidance, we decided to continue to do certain guidance, even there are certain unclarities in the market and of the future. We decided that revenue, we will not guide on the revenue because the hardware is so hard to predict at this moment. But we actually are guiding on EPS and continue with all other items as well. And Matt will go through that in detail, but always with the understanding that we don't have all the knowledge what will going to happen. We may need to make assumptions about it. 
By that, I hand it over to Matt.

Thank you, Matt. Let me just round this off with our priorities going into this year and in the future.  
First of all, I feel that we're very well positioned to execute both in the near term and the long term to create more value for all our stakeholders. We have the Verizon 2.0 transformation, which is a new leadership, a new network technology, a new go-to-market, and we are delivering on that. And I feel that we have good results already right now, but more to come. I think we also have a very good strategy around the COVID-19 response that is covering all our stakeholders in a balanced way in order to create long-term value for all of them.  
The 5G is still a very much in the middle, the center of our strategy. And as you heard me saying before, we're in the middle of the execution, and we're not halting that. We're keeping it up all the time, and the team is doing great work there. And we see opportunity with 5G going forward, both with building all the cities, the 5G mobile edge compute as well as making this nationwide 5G still this year.  
Matt talked about our discipline and the financials and our capital position and our capital allocation, I feel good about that. We have done tremendous, not in the last 12 months, but also the last 3 months, in order to put us in a good situation to continue to meet all the demands in our capital allocation, all the way from our business, to our shareholders, to our debt holders.  
And ultimately, I think the strong brand that we have has been reinforced in times like that, both by the talent we have, but also by the response to our business practices and the way we're dealing with our society.  
So all in all, I feel good about our strategy. I think that we are in the middle of execution of it. We need to have a multipronged strategy where we're managing the crisis at the same time, but that doesn't mean we should not execute on our strategy.  
So by that, I hand it back to you, Brady.

Thank you, Matt. And John, let me say one thing that we have been balancing all the time is, of course, safe and -- safety and health for our employees. And that's why we were very early on to actually close down almost 70% of our stores and go to new sort of visiting hours and all of that. 
The same we have done with our engineers in the field, very important for us to see that they are safe and healthy. And in the beginning here, we were very restricted on visited on homes. But we've also seen a lot of innovation. And the last couple of weeks here, we have actually innovated, so we can start installing Fios without going into the homes with both what we call the Fios in the box, which is where the consumer or the customer is installing themselves as well as we also have a virtual agent right now where the customer can be guided how to do the installation. That innovation, we have been able to do in 2, 3 weeks, and now we start ramping that up. And I'm confident that over time, we almost can be back on a normal levels of installation, but with the safe and healthy of our employees and as well for our customers.  
And I think that, again, just coming back to the importance on balancing, in a crisis like this, you need to balance all the different stakeholders and see that you really have the priorities right. And our priority has been from the beginning, the safety and health for our employees. That's very important. 
Second is, of course, to see that our networks are staying up because of the importance of our infrastructure in these times. Because we know that the country is needing our network and our technology staying up and having the highest quality as Verizon always has. So we are managing that every day here, and I think we're managing it very well. And as said, the innovation is now piling up and we can go back to something that is normal, but in a totally new way of doing it. So I'm grateful for my team.

Something about the Verizon Media Group. As Matt reported, of course, that we have seen an impact lately on our advertising. We're, of course, encouraged about the increased activity and the growth of engagement because that's ultimately going to pay off later on. And I think that, first of all, our Verizon Media team has been extremely innovative with new products and new ways of delivering services the last couple of weeks here in a time of this time pandemic.  
I have to say that I have a lot of confidence in my Verizon Media Group to work with different scenarios, given how this pandemic will develop and how it will hit Verizon Media Group. We have seen the last 18 months or, I don't know, 6 quarters that our Verizon Media Group has found ways to both reduce direct cost and find new ways to innovate. But all in all, we need to understand that, of course, advertising these days, you are restrictive, you're cautious given the pandemic. 
But again, I think that, as I said in the beginning, we are working with different scenarios that can happen, and we have different levers and activities that we can do, given where this is going. That goes for all our different businesses, which, of course, they are in different form and shape at the moment, but it also goes for the whole corporation.  
And then just adding on what Matt said about our wireless business. I think that one thing that worked in the brand, since we embarked on the unlimited some 2 years ago, we have constantly built a model which can actually meet all the different scenarios, all the way from our Mix & Match, our -- in Visible, Yahoo Mobile, the work we're doing with TracFone, the network as a service. I think that regardless where it will go, we will have opportunities to actually serve our customers with the plans that they need. And I think that few others can do that in this market as well as we have the best network. So I think we're well positioned in the world that might be uncertain, but we have all those different type of opportunities to serve our customers.

Yes, you're absolutely right, Matt. This is -- we are clear on the strategy of the Verizon Business Group. I just want to remind all of you, we brought together several different groups on wireline and wireless and this go-to-markets. Tami and the team has very clear strategy of doing the transformation, that has not slowed down. We continue with that because when coming into this COVID-19, we see even a more importance of Verizon Business Group and me and Matt talked about. This is one of the areas we see that we have a great opportunity going forward as we build a Verizon Intelligent Edge Network, as we come with 5G and the trends in the industry. I mean, digitalization, all of that, which, of course, has been accentuated in this COVID-19. 
So I feel good about what we're doing here. The team is running as fast as they can with this transformation. But as Matt said, this is not the 1 quarter thing, but we're not holding back on the transformation. And in that transformation, we said we will invest, and one investment was, of course, the BlueJeans, which we have had in our portfolio for a couple of quarters as a distributor. But as this turned out, we felt that it was a good opportunity to actually make the acquisition, and we have been testing them. It's a great product. And we stitch that into our go-to-market in the Verizon Business Group. But I also see it as a great opportunity for the 5G. Because ultimately, 5G at the edge, we will have a lot of low latency, enormous throughput where video and transcoding will be important. So adding that asset is also important for the future.  
So once again, we feel good about our strategy in Verizon Business Group and how they have performed. And we have some more work to be done, and we're not holding back on that transformation as that will put us in even stronger position when they're done.

So let me just lay out how we're running the company right now. We're basically running the company in a three-pronged strategy. The first prong is, of course, the crisis management, where we have a team that is dealing with all the challenges with pandemic for our employees, for our customers and for the society at large.  
Secondly, I have the majority of my leadership team running business as usual. We have our 5G governance early this week, where we went through all the deployment, all the 5G mobile edge compute, all the new business cases, just running as normal.  
And then we have a team, which also think about the new normal. What will be the new normal when we come out on this pandemic? And one of the question, which is, I think, I believe is going to happen, we're going to see much more digital sort of omnichannel from our customers, and we are ready for it. We have already pivot to it. We're probably going to see another environment -- work environment that we need to think about. We're probably going to also see a different type of product that we need to put forward. 
So I try to see that we have all these 3 prongs working at the same time in order for us to come up even stronger from this crisis as well as managing the today and not missing our target put up as well as managing the crisis at the same time. So I can only confirm, I have the same feelings you have. We're going to see much more of digital usage of ordering. But we're also going to see things that we never thought were possible. I mean telehealth will increase over time. People are now and still, they don't need to go to hospital. We're going to see education -- remote education growing because people see that it's actually working. All that's going to be new normal where we -- our assets are extremely important in that delivery to all our customer groups. So you need to work on all 3 of them, and we are working all 3 of them to come even stronger out on this crisis.

Thank you, Craig. It's still to be seen, first of all, of what will be the social patterns for the time. I feel pretty confident that dense urban areas will continue to be dense urban areas. At the moment, we still see a lot of usage in dense urban areas. It's just that we see less movement of people because they are staying home. So people live where they live today. So we are not changing the strategy, how we execute, both on the broader nationwide as well on our city deployment. And ultimately, we see that as being a very compelling offering going in the future.  
On the mid-band, as I said before, especially on the C-band, we think that is an attractive spectrum because, first of all, as you said, it is a good coverage. But also, it's a global roaming standard for 5G. And of course, we want to be part of that. And we are encouraged by FCC's plan to conduct a C-band auction in December. And we will always do our normal return on investment between the different densifications, buying spectrum, putting more software and keeping in mind that we want to continue to have the same headrooms in the network as we always have in order to have the best network. 
So yes, it plays in. It's a little bit too early to say that we're going to have a changed total social pattern in the United States. Initially, I don't think so. People live where they live, and that's going to continue to be the same.

Yes, I can, or at least having some views on it. We, of course, are following what FCC has come out. We still feel that are several challenges with L-band. As -- first of all, it's not used. That frequency is not used anywhere in the world. That means that there are no equipment, no handsets and things like that, which you need an ecosystem. That's so important. But as with all frequencies and all the spectrum we're, of course, looking into it, and we have done it for 7 years. This is nothing new. I think that Ligado has been around for about 10 years. So it's nothing new. 
So we are continuing -- our engineers are always looking into new development if something can happen. But so far, we have seen a little bit more headwind than anything else on that band.

You can start if you unmute.

Yes. First of all, I think we talked about where we stand on the balance sheet and the great work the team has done with the balance sheet, not only the last couple of years, but also in the first quarter. And we feel that we're in a very good position with our balance sheet, and that can be seen, that we both increased our CapEx this quarter as well as made the acquisition of BlueJeans. We have our capital allocation priorities, very clear for us: number one is the business; number two is the shareholders; three is the debt reduction; and number four is the buyback. And we feel that we're in a really good situation to continue to put our Board in the right position to serve our shareholders with dividend. But as we said on the Investor Day, when it comes to buybacks, that's probably unlikely happening this year, given the situation. But all other priorities, we are definitely in a very good position to serve at this moment.

Yes. First of all, we want to thank the FCC for so rapidly come out and lending out spectrum to all the players in the market because nobody knew how the usage will be on the network. As you can see, when we exclude the temporary spectrum that we lent from FCC, we have the same headroom, and the network has performed going well. On top of that, we are, of course, adding capacity right now and also put in the DSS, the Dynamic Spectrum Sharing, which I can report that the tests are going very well. We're on plan for putting that opportunity in the hands of Tami and Ronan to decide when they want to turn on nationwide. So I think we have a very good spectrum strategy and with the spectrum we have, and we're very happy with it, and we're going to continue with that. So I think that's where we are right now.

Thank you, Jennifer. First of all, we feel good about the dynamic spectrum sharing. It's -- we are continue to do the test and deploying equipment and the hardware in the field that is needed for doing that. I'm certain that Kyle and his team will put it in the hands of Ronan and Tami and decide when they turn it on in the second half. That's where we are today. So we're not have any supply issues to doing that or supply chain issues. 
The same go for the 5x more -- 5G ready base station this year. We continue to just accelerate. And Kyle actually said publicly that we were ahead of the plan when we ended March. I can say today, we're still on plan on that 5x. We have no supply chain issues. We have, of course, complications with some municipalities, but our team is all around that and working with municipalities, finding new way, digital approval, things that we never thought were -- digital permitting processes, et cetera, which we never thought were possible.  
So all in all, we are not giving up on those targets. And so far, it looks really good. And that's how a company should execute in times like this, managing the crisis, seeing that it will be a new -- and rethink how the new normal will look like. And that's what my team is doing every day right now, and we are very focused on doing that. And the good thing is that we feel good about our strategy where it stands.