Thanks, Brady, and thanks, everybody, for joining this second quarter earnings call. We had a strong second quarter. It was fueled by a very good wireless service revenue growth as well as a strong EPS -- adjusted EPS growth as well. So I think the team had a good quarter with a lot of focus on the execution. 
At the same time, our operation metrics was good with net additions on the wireless side as well as a very low churn. That, in combination with a very solid capital allocation, as well as efficiency coming out from our capital allocation process, all in all, it ended up to a very good cash flow. 
So if I sum it up very quickly, a very good quarter from us financially. Together with our work in the network, which is so important to us when we're building our network as a service, we also won all the top third-party measurements. We won from J.D. Power the 23rd consecutive time; when it comes to RootMetrics, the 12th straight win there as well. So we are really getting the right feedback from the market and the measurements that is really valuable in this market. 
At the same time, we won some more spectrum in the millimeter-wave auction, which is now adding up to our portfolio, which means that we have a portfolio for the 5G era where we can build capacity and we can build coverage, which we have said all the time. We're going to be in the real 5G with all the 8 currencies that I've talked about before. 
We also have launched quite a lot of cities here lately, adding up, so we are on track for the 30 markets that we have said we will do this year. 
At the same time, we continue to add new devices to the portfolio. The latest one was the Inseego MiFi 5G device that we launched recently, and we have now 4 different devices on 5G. 
We're also very focused on the fiber because, ultimately, if you're going to do 5G, you need fiber. Our fiber deployment is now in more than 60 cities, and we had 1,400 route miles a month in average in this quarter, which means that we increased on the first quarter, continued this so important build for our overall Intelligent Edge Network and for the 5G deployment we're doing. 
When it comes to Verizon 2.0 transformation, one of the proof points is, of course, today that we now are reporting Verizon Consumer Group and Verizon Business Group as segments in the earnings release that we're doing today. 
I can also say that we get a lot of good traction with our customers, especially with enterprise customers with the new support and the new go-to-market we have, where we can show the full portfolio of Verizon and seeing that we have the right support also for the people in the line, meeting our customers every day. 
At the same time, we continue with the network-as-a-service concept, where we have now announced our collaboration with YouTube TV, where we're going to offer that both to our Fios customers, but also the wireless customers. Again, working on the model where we outlined earlier this year how we can partner with some of these content players instead of investing ourselves in it and seeing that we can bring a seamless service for our customer, but also making it very efficient for ourselves and for our customers. 
We also have continued and finalized the Voluntary Separation Program in the quarter, and we have done quite a lot of that. And that, in total now, puts us up to have a competitive cost base, and actually done quite a lot of the changes recently.
So I would say that we are doing this transformation from a position of strength, and I'm really proud of the team that have done all of these changes and transformation in the last 12 months and delivering these results at the same time. And it really sets us up for continuing to be very competitive in this market and definitely continue to be the leader in this market. So I'm proud of the team and what we're producing this quarter. 
By that, I hand it over to Matt to go over the financials more in detail.

Thank you. Let me start with the wireless service growth and then Matt will come back on that. But I think that the team has shown a really good work here in the last couple of quarters since, I would say, we have this new structure. So we're -- I'm confident we have a good momentum in our business. Ronan and the team probably have some more chords up their sleeves, thinking how they will continue to compete in this market. So we think it's -- our -- at least, I have a lot of confidence in the team of Ronan and continue to progress on the service revenue growth that we have done so far. 
On the fiber build, yes, that's a very important build for us, and we have been on for that for quite a while right now. And the speed in this quarter was 1,400 route miles per month in average in the quarter. Remember, in the first quarter, we talked about 1,000, so definitely we're coming up. Right now, the majority of the fiber is going to our own sites, to be honest, if we -- if I may say. But over time, of course, when we roll in later in part of this year, next year, we're also going to be able to offer that to our enterprise customers and wholesale, et cetera. So that's how we're working right now, and we're building it in 60 more because it is just so essential for the whole Intelligent Edge Network. It's so essential for the whole 5G play that we have to have this fiber. So we have a good speed now. The team has been [ there on ] for quite a while. And so it will take a little bit longer before we can offer it to all our customers. But mainly, I would say, we're -- right now, we're taking it to our own sites, which is a very important improvement for our efficiency. Matt?

We have been starting, but of course, today, on the total cost that we have, it's not significant yet. But this is all part of the Intelligent Edge Network, the multipurpose network we're building, and that's what you have seen in our CapEx the last 2 years, the efficiencies. So -- and as you remember, Kyle talked about that the Intelligence Edge Network build is going a couple year more. So we, of course, believe that we have more efficiencies that will come out with them, and one of them is definitely the fiber, which we are now building. That definitely should get us a better owner economics long term. And also remember that also that this is a growth opportunity for us as well in certain areas.

So let me start here because this is, of course, something that me and Matt is working with constantly. Remember of what we outlined in February, we're very clear and disciplined with our capital allocation. Number one, into the business, the CapEx, you have seen what we have done with the CapEx the last couple of years. We do everything we need and we are on historical levels, and we will continue to be very disciplined there. 
Secondly, we want to put our Board in a position to make dividends that we have been working and ultimately, we'll work with our debt. That's how we work all the time. So it's business, dividend and debt. And we also want to continue this commitment that we made to get into this range. And remember that was a commitment longer for me. But as you know, we are a company that always deliver on the commitments. So that's why it's important. And ultimately, we will get there. We will get optionality to our Board to have a great conversation on what we're going to do with it. That's how I see it. And then of course Matt is working with this daily to see that we have the right balance sheet structure and the capital allocation in the company. 
Matt?

Thanks. Great questions. So on the 5G, you have seen our progress in the quarter. We have basically now launched 9 markets on the way to get to the 30 that we have talked about for the full year. You can also see on the 5G Mobility how the improvements has gone extremely fast. I mean, take a couple of the cities where we basically have doubled the footprint in this since we launched the markets, and that's the pace we're onto. At the same time, we have gone from roughly having 600 megabits in speed on the handsets, now we're doing easily 1.3, 1.5 and averaging up to 2 gig. What I want to tell you is that the development we're doing on technology is actually extremely fast compared to what I saw in 4G. And remember, I was part of 4G as well. I mean, we are just a quarter into all these 9 markets we have launched. We have launched with all the 3 infrastructure vendors we have, which means that we are coming out from sort of your scaling in the beginning, getting all the technology to work and now can start scaling. At the same time, we are now 3 handsets, and we have the Inseego MiFi that we launched, which is sort of a business proposition as well for 5G. So I think that that's what you see. We see a great improvement. But still, it's a lot of the intelligent antenna sort of technology that we're developing. The team is out in the field every day. So I'm confident that we will continue to do well here. And remember now, in the 5G Ultra Wideband that we're doing right now, we're doing that in the most dense populated areas where, really, 5G is coming to its rights with a fantastic sort of performance there. So that's it. 
We then talked about the 5G Home, you're absolutely right when I said that later this year, we're going to launch 5G or 5G Home with the NR chipset. So that will come back. There's no changes to those plans. Ultimately, your question about DSS, which is dynamic spectrum sharing, which is an important piece for anyone that wants to do coverage on 5G, that is still coming in the first half of next year. But in our case, what I said before, the most important is to get that customer the best experience. We have the best experience on 4G right now. We are just giving them an extraordinary experience on the Ultra Wideband. We're going to be in the position to give optionality when we turn that off -- on -- then we're going to turn it on with coverage and capacity when we see it's a benefit for our customers. But I would say the activity level in the engineering team, the team working on the ground in every city doing the fiber is extremely high in Verizon right now. So I think our focus is absolutely in the right place to see that our network is the #1. Now remember also what I said previously, the 4G network now continue just to win all the third-party awards. I mean, RootMetrics, J.D. Power in this quarter, so we're not neglecting that part of it neither. So you need to think about that when you have a customer in front of you.

Yes. I can start with the last question there about the business side of it. And I think that when it comes to what you call the wireline business, I mean, it was a little bit blended, a little bit tougher on the enterprise side. But on the other hand, the governmental and -- the governmental business and the small and medium had a good growth for us. So I think we see a very good possibility. We continue to see that with the actual rates also on the decline in enterprise. We have a great funnel in the enterprise business as well. And remember, I mean, there's no impact of the reorganization we've done. I mean, I would go the opposite. I will say that, hey, the changes we have done the last 12 months compared to what we've done the last 5 to 10 years, and we delivered these results in all the units, I think it's a really strength of the company that we are doing a transformation from a position of strength and -- which would set us up to be even stronger going forward. And of course, Tami and her team are working daily with our customers. And as I said also in my -- previously, I mean, the excitement from our enterprise customers when we come with a full portfolio, so be it fiber or UCCaaS or if it's coming with the 4G or 5G solution, mobile edge compute, I think we have a good and compelling story to continue to work harder. So that's how I see the business. Then of course we still have some legacy business declining on the enterprise side, which we'll have for a couple of quarters right now. Our work is to see that we accelerate it all the time. 
Matt?

Okay. On the 5G Home, I think, remember, we have the limited sort of 5G Home in 4 markets right now. And we capped both the development on our software as well on how many cities we'll have. That will be the proprietary solution. The only thing I can say, our win share is really good in those markets. There seems to be good appetite for 5G Home. We have a good performance of it. And then we're going for the second half of this year -- or this part of the year, we're going to come back with an NR sort of 5G Home CP equipment. And I think that what we're going to do, we need a certain size of market that -- so it makes sense for us. So I think, as we said before, I mean, this is 2021 when it's going to have a significant impact on our revenue. So 2020 is going to be an important year for us. And of course, coming out now in the latter part of this year and starting adding markets all the time will be very important. 
On the spectrum side, I mean, I think that we always have the headwind that people don't think we have enough spectrum and all of that. I mean, what this organization and this engineering team is doing with the spectrum, it is, I would say, is magnificent. And remember, sometimes, when we talk about spectrum, it's so much more. It is softer, how you plan, how you build the network, how you get [ it to the phase and ] out of it. And I think that that's -- that the team has done very good all the time. As I said previously, we have a very compelling position when it comes to millimeter wave for Ultra Wideband, but we also have spectrum where we can deploy 5G in the other band. Ultimately, 5G is going to be on all bands. And I have a high confidence that my team is going to be doing that well, continue to have the leadership in the market when it comes to network performance. There might also come up opportunities all the time where it could be added spectrum. But right now, to launch both capacity and coverage, we feel confident on the assets we have.

Thank you for the question. I would say this is not an easy work. This is -- but this is really what Verizon is great at. I mean, we have people all the way from working with the municipalities, working with engineering, planning, working with the third parties. And remember, in the couple of years since we have decided to invest together with Corning in the fiber factory, we have come to actually running 1,400 route miles a month. So yes, you're right. We are scaling right now. And the team is really, really responding to the demands we have on them. We're always going to have even higher internal demands on them. But as you can see, we definitely have a good roll right now, but that doesn't mean that it's easy to do it. But I think we have put the machine in place with a team that I have lot of confidence in to do it.

Not so much. I think we start forgetting on the volumes we are, and that's really important to understand because there has been questions on the market, the CapEx will go up and all of that. Remember, we are almost on the highest sort of volume where we believe we need to be in order to serve this market because there are, of course, technicalities of doing it. So I think we have a machine right now that is actually executing very well on the high volume. There might be some increases, but maybe not so much more. I think now it's more about the broad deployment in all these markets where we are right now deploying fiber.

Okay. Thank you. On the MVNO side, no, there's -- there are no major differences. But the important is that we believe it's good model. Remember, we outlined our network-as-a-service strategy where we -- sometimes, we're doing the connectivity and then we have others being on top of this MVNO. Sometimes, we do the connectivity, do platforms. And in some cases, we do the whole strategy. So I think that, that continue to be important for us, and we're happy with our partnership with the cable MVNOs, which is part of how we are actually doing a monthly usage of our assets, getting maximum utilization of the investments we're doing. So for us, this is playing straight into the long-term goals as we have -- as a company. 
On the wireline optimization, we -- I would say that the biggest assets we have here is, of course, all the infrastructure we have, but also the customer relations we have, and we are working. Of course, we are looking into all the areas we need to fortify or all the areas we should drop, which was the market is not demanding. And I think that's a very normal way of reviewing the strategy all the time. And Tami and her team that now has been in place for this quarter, they are constantly talking to the customer, what we need to do and where we need to fortify in some areas where the products may be not hitting. But it's not major. It is just the daily grinding that you do in order to optimize how you work with your customers and how you optimize your capital and efficiency. And I can also add, of course, that in this quarter, we announced then that we're going to work with YouTube TV when it comes to the sort of the linear TV, both for the Fios optionality as well as for the wireless customers. So again, working with the model that we outlined in February and just continue with that.

Now that's a great question. I think, first of all, DSS, which is dynamic spectrum sharing, is the same for all, and that's a standard solution coming out in the market of software. So I think that we're not disadvantaged by anyone if you want to deploy your coverage. And I think that's [ how on ]. At the same time, you also want to see that there's enough handsets and things out in the market when you start turning on 5G, so you get -- because we want to do a transformative feeling about 5G. We don't want to rebrand them and say it's 5G, and you don't feel the difference. We already have the best 4G network. And for us, the customer is the most important. So you're right. I mean, I see that we will have a coverage map whenever it's going to be needed for our customers and there's going to be enough handsets in the market and not disadvantaged for anything. So I think that, historically, we have had those feedbacks that we are not in the right position with spectrum, et cetera. I come from the outside. I worked and seeing what Verizon has done with spectrum and with new softwares and with the optimizing how you build the networks, and I'm confident that we have a good path here. I'm not feeling that we're disadvantaged. I feel that we're executing right now. We're launching markets where others are doing other things.

Let's see how that turns out. Because again, that's a lot of promises. I think that Verizon has had -- and I actually inherited a fantastic sort of DNA in this company, that we first do the things and then we start marketing it. And I think that's what we will continue to do. Others might have other strategies. So I'm not going into that contest about who is talking most right now. I'm working with a technology team myself weekly to see that we are doing this right for our customers, and that's the consumer, it's an enterprise customer, it's a governmental customers, it's an IoT customers. We think it through and that's why we built the Intelligent Edge Network, already started 2 years ago. And I think that the significance of understanding how important that is for the success for Verizon, I think has not really been understood yet. And we will just continue to execute on that. But there's going to be a lot of message in the market, and you know it as well. Just be confident that our company, Verizon, will continue to execute on the real 5G with 8 currencies and seeing that we can actually give the right sort of performance to all our customers in the right moment.

I can start with the fiber, and Matt will [ start on that ] one. 
So the fiber, remember, it's a multiuse fiber, and I have several different customers. I have the network guys that need this for 4G and 5G. I have the enterprise. I have the small and medium, and I have wholesale. And that's, of course, very important when we build that we can have owner economics on fiber, and we can build it as we had all those customers. But of course, initially, quite a lot of the fiber is coming and going to the small cells. And that's why we are able to turn up the 9 cities we have done so far. And -- but again, the question earlier was about how much are we now actually gaining on it. I think this is an early indicator about how we're building the network because you need to start with the fiber and getting the permits in the cities before you can deploy the 5G. So this is early indication that we have a high speed in the organization to be prepared for the 5G and whatever other use cases we have for fiber. 
Matt?

Yes. On the Business side, when it comes to wireless, we are taking share. We feel really good about it. I think that Tami and the team are doing a great job with relationship we have and of course, with the network quality we have. It's very important for businesses. I mean, there's no doubt about that. Coverage and capacity becomes even more important. And there's no enterprise company that is not in a digital transformation. So I'm pleased with that. We want to do even more. So yes. 
The second question was about the ARPA, and I will hand it over to Matt. But I can also say that the team with Ronan, especially on the Consumer side, has been since the Unlimited was launched. Continue to lean forward with new offerings, with new ways of dealing with the market, segmenting it up and actually, continue to have a good service revenue role. And I think that's what I'm pleased with, and I look at the team. I know that they have more chords up their sleeves, as I say. And what Matt and I are doing together, we're transforming the company to have a disciplined approach to that, to be prepared for that marketplace, to continue to do well. And so I feel good about Ronan and what his team is doing. 
Matt?

Yes. So you need to split a little bit when we talk about the Consumer and Business. But let me say, I mean, if I look in the second quarter, it was a little bit more competitive than the first quarter when it comes to competition in the market, and that tells a lot about our performance then that we gained all those net additions. At the same time, we had a low churn. So I think that on the Business side, as I said before, we are doing well on the Business side. And again, I think that the wireless part of the Business side is important. And the network performance there is of critical essence, the coverage and the performance. But of course, there's competition for those deals as well. I think we're doing well in that area, and we will continue to do well. We have new offerings coming out. And we'll continue to build the network even more robust and getting more quality on it. So again, I think the team is there. Matt and I are working with the transformation of the company to enable us to continue to compete and do well in the market, and giving both Tami, I would say, and Ronan the -- sort of the tools to work in the market. And that's what we're doing. And I think we have done it well in this quarter and preparing for the rest of the year.

Thank you, Brady. I think we've covered quite a lot of ground in this call because, basically, questions has ranged for all our business. 
But just a couple of things. First of all, I'm really proud of the team, of what they achieved. I mean, remember, we have changed the structure. We have changed how we build the network. We have done a large voluntary program. We're reporting in new structure. We're putting the new structure, and the team is executing well. I think that's the way we want to work here, continue to lead the market and continue to transform to be a strong company with a strategy we set out in February. So then it comes back to execution on fundamentals. That's what we're doing and will continue to do so, to be disciplined on our capital, also continue to lead to the market. And then, of course, I think a lot of questions are circulating around the 5G. What we laid out in the February Capital Markets Day is still valid, and that's what we are aiming for and we are executing on. And I think that the team is doing a great job there. 
So I think to sum it up, I'm proud of the quarter and the changes we're doing, at the same time, delivering this quarter so -- on the financial earnings. So thank you very much for attending this call, and I guess I'll see you out there soon.