Thank you, Brady, and welcome, everyone, to the first earnings call in the 5G Mobility era. Once again, Verizon has led the world in the development of new technologies with the launch of our 5G Ultra Wideband Mobility network and the Motorola 5G smartphone. We launched our first 2 cities, Chicago and Minneapolis, and continue to deploy infrastructure in more cities, prioritizing cities that have made it easy to build there. Our initial launches are performing as expected on a brand-new technology being deployed for the first time in the world. As more features within the network enhances, become available for deployment through ongoing software innovation, we will provide increased coverage, improved capacity and greater throughputs. 
For our 5G Home product, we're on track to launch additional markets when new customer equipment under the global standards becomes available in the second half of the year. This enable us to apply our learnings from the initial commercial launch in 2018 to a broader base of customers. I'm super proud of what Verizon team has achieved so far, and I'm pushing our teams for many more milestones and industry first that will give our customers the best experience. 5G has been a huge focus for us, but it hasn't taken away from our ability to enhance and improve the best-in-class 4G LTE network and superior customer experience. The network team continues to deploy leading technologies that improve our customers' experience. We have 4G LTE Advanced capability in over 1,500 markets across the U.S. and continue to be recognized by third parties for our superior network performance. 
Our One Fiber deployment is rapidly expanding the multipurpose fiber network outside our landline footprint. This will enable new revenue opportunities in the large enterprise, small businesses, public sector and the wholesale businesses while also delivering expense reductions opportunities. We have ramped up in installations to a run rate over 1,000 route miles per month, which puts us at the top of all major U.S. fiber providers. All of this is being accomplished within the current levels of our CapEx guidance. We are now 2 years into the implementation of our next-generation Intelligent Edge Network, which we expect to be launched and completed by 2021. We're realizing significant efficiencies and cost savings from our network transformation initiatives and expect the CapEx and the OpEx benefits to extend well beyond their investment period. 
With our unique set of assets, including our wide portfolio spectrum, dense fiber network architecture and software-defined network capabilities, Verizon remains the clear network performance leader in today's marketplace, and we're best positioned to capitalize on all the opportunities that 5G will bring to bear. Our ambition remains to provide the most advanced, next-generation network performance in the world. As I have said many times before, the combination of our Intelligent Edge Network and the 5G technology capabilities will deliver 8 network currencies to our customers and open up a new world of innovation that will transform the way we work, live and play. 
We're leading in the world in 5G, extending our leadership position in 4G, executing on the fundamentals and creating new ways to leverage our wireless distribution capabilities through our network-as-a-service strategy and focus our partnership and key elements in driving increased value for our customers. Therefore, we are excited to announce we partnered with Google to offer YouTube TV to our customers wherever they want it and on whatever platform they choose. Our new partnership allows our widest mobility customers to take their YouTube TV with them on-the-go, our wireless 5G Home customers to add premium content from YouTube TV to their Internet bundle and gives our consumer Fios broadband customers even more options when it comes to content and services. 
2019 is shaping up to be an exciting year for Verizon. We have started the year with a solid financial result for the first quarter, led by strong growth in wireless service revenue and earnings per share. We're confident in the current state of our business, and we have good momentum going into the second quarter. I'm proud of the team's flawless execution in times of so much change and transformation in the company. We have maintained our disciplined approach to capital allocation, focused on investing in our networks, supporting a consistent dividend policy and strengthening our balance sheet, as shown by our recently announced leverage target. We're well positioned to deliver on all of our capital allocation goals in the years ahead. We're highly confident in our underlying business and go-to-market strategy as we now have moved to our new Verizon 2.0 structure as of 1st of April. The new structure positions us to better serve our customers and provide solution to their needs regardless of their underlying technology. We will begin reporting in the new structure starting with the second quarter results. With that said, I will now hand the call over to Matt to discuss our financial results.

Thanks, Matt. As demonstrated by our strong results, we have carried forward the momentum that we saw into 2018 through the first quarter of 2019 and are focused on the execution in the Verizon 2.0. We're committed to creating great customer experiences as a result of the investment in our networks. We're extending our leadership position in 4G, driving innovation in 5G and expanding our high-value customer relationships while creating value for our shareholders. We're building momentum for our Ultra Wideband 5G network. Our launch of the world's first commercial 5G smartphone signals the beginning of an era that would transform the way people live, work and play. 
Our strategy lays the foundation for the future through investments in our Intelligent Edge Network, enabling efficiencies throughout the core infrastructure and delivering flexibility to meet customer requirements at the network edge. We're excited about the current position in the marketplace, our financial strength and our opportunities ahead of us. With that, I will turn the call back to Brady so we can get to your questions.

Thank you, Brett Feldman. If we start with the mobile 5G, as we said before, we see, of course, an opportunity when we're early on the customer experience like 5G, you have a chance. And we have high ambitions here to see that we can grow with subscribers, but, again, we're very early stage on 5G. I mean, we're absolutely the first in the world. At the same time, of course, we will see that we have an offering that responds to the enhanced sort of technology and experience you will get from 5G. So that's what you saw on the first commercial offerings we did on the 5G Moto. We will soon as well announce earlier come with our next phone, and that we're going to discuss or announce how we're going to deal with that. But clearly, the team has high ambition in this area. We think that our leadership and experience is giving us a way to monetize 5G for mobility. When it comes to the initial launch on the mobility in Minneapolis and Chicago, it meets our expectation, what we have seen from the software. Remember this, we are first in the world to adjust from all the way from the network, to the chipset, to the handset and actually have an experience, and we have a great experience out there already right now in the Moto model, basically constantly updates on the software improving the throughput, the speeds and all of that and features. And of course, we're part of driving the improvements on 5G in the world and giving our customers the first experience. So I would say that I'm really excited on what I have seen so far. It's meeting our expectations, but we have much more to come out from when it comes to speed, throughput, coverage and all of that from the deployment on our Ultra Wideband 5G. And then not forgetting that we also as well said so many times before, when we launched 4G, we didn't even know about carrier aggregration, which, of course, changed the whole game on 4G LTE Advanced, which we now enjoy 1,500 -- more than 1,500 markets on that, and that will happen with 5G as well. And one of the most important features that I haven't talked about is, of course, the dynamic spectrum sharing that will come during next year, where you basically also can use deploy wherever you are with 5G, and then you don't need to allocate certain spectrum to certain technology. So I see a lot of technology innovation, and we work with the most advanced partners in the world here to actually stay in the lead.

If I thought, and as you rightly pointed out, the first deployment of 5G Home that we did last year was based on our own proprietary of standard. And thus, it was limited and now development on the software. However, what we have seen is, of course, a consistent speed, keeping up 300 megabits per second minimum to our customers, which is great to see. Second, of course, the installation times has been reduced significantly since the beginning. So we have great, lot of learnings when we come out in the second half of this year when we have CPs on the global standard for 5G Home. And again, it's sort of a multi-deployment, so it's the same equipment doing mobility in Home. So with all improvements we're going to see on 5G Mobility, it's going to go to 5G Home as well with the software. So a lot of great learnings, especially on the coverage installation times, and then keeping the consistent on the speeds, which has been very good.

So first about when it comes to the ecosystem of handsets, et cetera, I think that, as was alluded during our Investor Day, we see a majority of the handsets coming out next year having the millimeter wave spectrum. Many of the phones, as already I've talked about, meaning the Samsung phone, both the Note and the Galaxy coming this year, we'll both have it 5G. We have the Moto ready. We're going to see also an LG phone coming out. So we see a much quicker ramp-up on ecosystem in that area to be clear. At the same time, the whole ecosystem from chipsets to equipment is ramping up quickly. But again, we are in the forefront of technology here. So of course, we are being on the edge of the demands and the supply on equipment at the moment. But we feel good about that. Secondly, the question around our capital allocation. We remain very solid in what we have said before. I mean, number one, we invest in our business; number two, we see that we can serve the dividend to our shareholders; and thirdly, then we have our targets that Matt talked about on the balance sheet. That's really where we have the main focus. Then we talked at the Investor Day, there could be tuck-ins, et cetera, but nothing else in that at the moment.

On the spectrum, I think that, first of all, where the team has continued to do excellent, as I said, we still are gaining the majority of all the performance metrics in the markets. So the team is doing good work. And when it comes to the refarming all the 3G spectrum, we have said that's going to be ended by 2020, and we are on plan for doing that. And the team is working every day to see that we are doing most out of our spectrum.

Thank you, Craig. So when it comes to the millimeter wave, as I said before, I mean, that has lived up to our expectation on performance. And again, we're very early on in improving the software, how we can deal with it. We all need to remind ourselves this is not a coverage spectrum because we will do it as far as the economic is sustainable, of course. But still, it's very good, the ranges we can come up with. And, of course, the throughput and speeds are enormous. And again, we're very early on, on the journey. I think that no one else in the whole industry knows more than Verizon about it. We have been onto this for 2 years, and what we have seen on it is a good strategy. And topping that, which I've said before, the dynamics sort of spectrum sharing will be the next step for us to see that we have all the assets to deploy our strategy on 5G to meet the different type of use cases we outlined at the Investor Day sort of the mobility case, the 5G Home case and the mobile edge compute case. So that's what we're working with every day here to improve, et cetera. So the engineering team feels good about it.

Thanks. Okay. Rightfully mentioned, we started with 300 megabits per second in our offering in the cities. Of course, we have said that we will sort of meet all the customer demands. And that's why we, of course, are trialing out different type of speeds as well. And as you rightfully said, I mean, if you have an enormous speed and throughput, of course, the range of coverage will go out and go further. But again, we need to meet the customer demands in the markets where we're into. And the team will run down, will see that we are competitive in every marketplace we go. But of course, you can see possibilities for having different ranges of speeds on 5G Home as well. But we're not there yet. We will come in the second half of this year and see what offerings going to have. On the YouTube TV, I think that what's most important is that we are committed to support our customers with the optionality. Here, we're creating, as we said from the beginning when we decided not to pursue our own investment in OTT, that we will have partners in order to work out our strategy network and networking strategy and give our customers optionality. And that goes also for our Fios customers. And there, YouTube TV will play a role for us.

When it comes to the YouTube TV and what we offered in our initial 5G Home loans, that was sort of a stand-alone offering. This is -- what we're doing right now, we're doing an overall agreement with YouTube TV to offer to our home and mobility and Fios customers. And the final commercials we have not decided yet, but, clearly, we will do a competitive offering for our customers, but we're also creating the optionality for our customers to get YouTube TV. And again, it comes back to our main strategy that we are focusing on doing the network. We're doing the platform and we're doing the integration, but we're not taking sort of the investments of TV platform, nor for the content. We see that is our role in this ecosystem. And remember, we have the best distribution, the best network and a great brand. And that's what can attract a partnership like with YouTube TV. So that's a little bit different thinking.

If I start with the first question there, I don't think we have changed anything about what we thought about millimeter wave, how we're going to deploy that. And we're deploying massively at the moment. Remember, the majority of all the traffic is in dense urban areas, where we now initially are focusing, of course, getting an even greater experience for our customers in the 5G experience -- the real 5G experience. At the same time, we get the owners economics of having the best spectrum position there. When it comes to dynamic spectrum sharing and which spectrum we're going to use, et cetera, and when it will come into play. It will come into play next year. Right now, we're in discussion. But of course, it's going to be whatever low band you want to have, mid-band and high band. That's how it works. But over time, all of the spectrum will be sort of exposed to dynamic spectrum sharing. The good thing is for being a leader like Verizon, we can impact on the ecosystem how this will be done, and that's why we are in discussions with the chipset manufacturers and the equipment manufacturers to have the best solution, and, again, using the engineering skills of the Verizon team.

Thanks, Brady. Thanks, Matt. Just to sum up, I mean, the 5G era is here, and we're positioning the company for long-term growth by taking advantage of the full array of opportunities it has to offer. I think during the first quarter, again, we delivered solid financial and operational performance in a competitive marketplace. We remain confident in our strategy and priorities, led by building the best network, creating platforms to further monetize data usage, maintaining a disciplined capital allocation model and creating value for our customers and shareholders. By that, I would like to thank you all for attending this call today, and have a great day.