Thank you, Brady, and thank you for joining our second quarter earnings call. It is remarkable, the difference a year can make. We're quickly resuming prepandemic norms. And at Verizon, our network and in-store traffic is almost back to prepandemic volumes, and our office employees are gradually coming back to office.  
Of course, some behaviors are changed permanently. The mass shift toward online activity speed up the time line for work from home, distant learning, banking, entertainment, telemedicine, et cetera. All of these societal and behavior shifts have had an impact on the business. And they reaffirm our Network-as-a-Service strategy and our focus on delivering on our 5 vectors of growth.  
Finally, after a year of virtual meetings, I've been spending time in the field with customers and partners, and importantly, with our frontline workers, who have done such heroic work throughout the past year serving our customers. All in all, we have a very enthusiastic and cautiously optimistic stakeholder base.  
As we conclude the first half of 2021, I have to say I'm extremely proud of the achievements we have made to strengthen Verizon in all aspects. Let me mention a couple of the milestones.  
We strengthened our strategic focus with our divestment of Verizon Media Group, which we believe will close around the end of the quarter. We invested in the best portion of the C-Band in order to accelerate and amplify our multipurpose network and service model.  
We have also improved our 2.0 organizational structure, and we brought in a diverse slate of top leaders. Our finance and treasury team did an outstanding job of strengthening our balance sheet with low cost of borrowing and maturity for our debt. We also laid out a long-term financial goal with focus on growth.  
All this focus on strategic execution and to deliver profitable growth by our teams have paved the way for a continued great financial performance. And in the second quarter, we not only generate our strongest earnings on record, we also produce good growth and profitability in all our units and segments. We demonstrated continued strength in our wireless service revenue growth. And combined with our scale and operational efficiency, we produced 5.6% adjusted EBITDA growth. Given the strength of our first half results, we are raising our full year guide, and Matt will provide details later in the call.  
When it comes to our operations, our recent investments in our customers through the biggest 5G upgrade promotion and innovative trading, coupled with a Mix & Match for both wireless and Fios customers, have led to strong performance across both our offerings. 
On the network side, we just continue to offer our customers the industry's best network experience. For the 16th consecutive time, RootMetrics awarded Verizon the best overall network performance. And for the 27th consecutive time, J.D. Power named us the #1 network quality. Our C-Band build, we're on track to build 7,000 to 8,000 sites by year-end, and we're on plan to launch the first 46 markets. And we are also strengthening our network by expanding our fixed wireless access reach.  
If we look to the traffic in the network, the customer activity is near pre-COVID levels. And as mobility traffic comes back, we have seen millimeter wave usage increase 290% June year-to-date. And as we continue to deploy millimeter wave sites and we get more device penetration, we expect these numbers to continue to increase fast and track towards 5% to 10% of traffic in most dense urban areas by year-end. We are making progress in executing across all our 5 vectors of growth.  
On the 5G adoption, approximately 20% of our wireless phone base are now on 5G devices with a majority of them C-Band-capable. In the second quarter, the step-up rates were very, very healthy, and this reflects value and differentiated experience for our customers. We also had a record high new accounts that opted for a premium unlimited plan.  
The next-generation business application, we launched the first commercial available private fiber network solution in the U.S. It's an on-site private 5G that brings on-premise 5G capabilities to large enterprises and public sector customers. The team in Verizon Business Group continued to make very important partnership. And one of them in the quarter was with Mastercard, where we will work together with Mastercard on 5G mobile edge compute, transforming the contactless payment for consumer as well as small and medium-sized businesses.  
The customer differentiation that we continue to develop further strengthened in the quarter when new content and experience to our Mix & Match platform with a broken device trading, the biggest upgrade ever promotion, and we also added through partnership, content with Apple Arcade and Google Play Pass.  
Expansion into new markets. We have been focusing and continue to have broadband nationwide. And we expanded our 5G Home services, which is now available across 47 markets. On the 4G Home, we expanded to more suburban and urban areas and is now available in parts of all 50 states. At the same time, we launched a new home router, which is compatible with the C-Band. Finally, we have recently expanded our 5G business Internet also to parts of 42 cities.  
In summary, our strategy is working and is more relevant than ever, driving value for our investors and to our customers and society as they embrace new ways of living and working. We have great momentum on all 5 vectors of growth, delivering on profitable growth with alignment to our long-term growth targets.  
With that, I'll now turn it over to Matt to discuss the financial results.

Thank you, Matt. At our Investor Day, we laid out commitments for 2021 and beyond to scale our Network-as-a-Service strategy and generate GDP-plus growth. We made transformative investment over the last 12 months through acquisitions, divestiture and customer innovation and creating a strong platform for growth in the second half of 2021 and beyond. 
Our priorities for the second half continue to build on our current network and customer initiatives to further amplify and accelerate 5G adoption, further cement our network leadership through industry-leading millimeter wave and C-Band assets. We expect to close our TracFone and VMG transaction later this year, increasing our focus on what we do best and bringing innovation and best-in-class customer experience to the value segment and overall, drive growth across our 5 vectors with discipline and customer-focused execution. At the end, the great [ transform ] in the first half, we competed very well in the marketplace. And we're very confident and excited on our opportunities ahead. 
With that, I turn it over to Brady for the Q&A.

I can just start, and Matt will fill in. But I think that on the service revenue, I think you have seen the last 4 quarters right now, I mean, how the team has done a fantastic job to differentiate our offerings all the way to see that our customers are doing step-ups. They are taking the unlimited premium. And that said, I mean, 60% of the new accounts in the quarter was taking unlimited premium, and the penetration of 5G is happening. 
So we just continue the team with Ronan on the Consumer side, if we talk about that, they have this model, we have had it for several years, where we do the Mix & Match. We have a differentiation, and it's clearly resonating in the market. And at the same time, we see, of course, the economy coming back. The stores are getting almost back to prepandemic. 
So all in all, it's a good timing for us, and that's also why we feel good about our guidance and how the service revenue grow -- growing. And remember, we are always focused on profitable growth. That's what the team is doing. 
And if Matt and I see opportunities, we support the team to do it. But as long as it's going to be a profitable growth. And that's what we are seeing right now with all the momentum in the market. The team is taking advantage of that, and that also translates back to the guidance. But all in all, I would say this is our strategy we've been having for a couple of years and has been very successful. Matt?

Yes. I mean, as I said before, I mean, we have this formula right now that we had for -- since we launched unlimited, with both Mix & Match and then our value proposition that we have done. And you saw in the second quarter that now we added also gaming with good traction with both Google and Apple gamings. And this is a unique model for us. At the same time, of course, we have excitement around 5G, what we have, and our network is performing extremely well. 
So I think that our team, they have a very, very good model for continuing this. And I think I said it in the first quarter, there will come more of this value proposition and differentiation. And yes, it came. We went into gaming. 
So I say it again. I have a lot of confidence in the team and Ronan's team to continue to come up with things that our customer loves and using our distribution, our network and the brand to continue to grow this. And then, and that is the whole strategy. 
And remember the 5 vectors of growth, we are playing all 5 of them. And that's why we're also confident of our long-term guidance are done, and you see part of that in this quarter, that we already are executing on all of these vectors.

Thanks. When it comes to broadband in general, I will start in our vision, as we have outlined, we want to be nationwide broadband provider. And we're going to use access technology that is best suited for our customers in the mix of everything from fiber to 4G to 5G, millimeter wave, C-Band and all of that. And this quarter, so we open up even more opportunities for that. 
We open more 5G Home markets. We open more 4G Home markets. And then, of course, as Matt's outlined as well, we took more Fios subscribers than ever in the last 3, 4 quarters. 
So this is playing out well for us. We're opening up all of that. We are very excited about what's going to happen in the second half with the new CPE that has C-Band as well. So we executed everything we said we should do in the Investor Day in the second quarter, and we look forward to the second half of this year. And we will continue to report out what we're doing. 
The second question, I think that, I mean, we are open for business, but we don't comment on any particular deals in the market or something like that. But we are happy with the customers we have on our MVNO.

So on the TracFone, I think nothing has changed since we outlined or we proposed the acquisition. It's tracking according to plan with the process that we need to go through. The team is responding to all the questions we have. So it's going to be in the latter part of the second half of the 2021 as we thought all the time. So nothing strange. It's actually on track, but that's where we are. Second question was...

C-Band, yes, the 7,000 to 8,000 sites. Yes, we can definitely say we're on track. When we reported the first quarter, we had just started everything. Now we feel we have a full funnel in the supply chain. We -- the guys in our supply chain done a great job with our partners. We have all the gears we need to deploy the 7,000 to 8,000 and then our team executing very well. So we feel very good about being able to have 7,000 to 8,000 sites up by year-end. 
And when it comes to the long term, I mean, we have the same ambitions as before. We haven't changed those, and we continue to execute. So we will do it as fast as we can, given the different type of milestones that are involved in the spectrum. But as so far, we are executing on that plan, and we are on or ahead of the plan of executing right now for the end of the year.

When it comes to the Consumer group, and Matt explained a little bit why the margin is lower because the hardware part of it is included there. And we think that's a -- it's a good sign of what's happening in the market. 
I would say that, I mean, we constantly think about profitable growth, and that has been our strategy as long as I have been here. And Ronan and team, they think about that. But of course, if they see an opportunity, as we saw when the traffic came back in the stores and the economies coming back, we did some offerings in this quarter, which was good timing. And we will continue to support Ronan where we see he has a good solution for the market and our customer going to love it. 
I can tell you, our differentiation is really resonating with the market, and that's what you see in the second quarter. And we will come back and see if there's something he wants to do in the second half. But clearly, we're focused on profitable growth, and we want to have -- we are writing high-quality business in high quantity. That's what we want to do. And I think you see that coming through in these results.

Thank you. Now, of course, we see some changes in behavior when it comes to our customers. But we had already started building our omnichannel that our customer can start on the web, and they can end in the store or they can start in the store and end on the phone and all of that in order to see that we do this as seamless as possible. 
But clearly, we see much more digital than before. But also when the economy came back and the vaccinations in the United States were coming up on high levels, we also saw the traffic coming back in the stores. And so we have had, I would say, all our stores opened in the second quarter. And we see much more foot traffic than we have seen in the previous quarters, not really back to prepandemic days but clearly fairly close. 
So we think our customer is still going to want to come into a store and see our technology and our products, but they might be wanting to finish the delivery and the purchase in a digital fora. And that's how we build our stores. 
So we are working very closely to see that the new behaviors that we can meet, that's why so our customers really feel good about dealing with us. And I think that our team are doing a great job in that area.

Hey, when it comes to specific deals in the market, we don't comment on that. And apparently, this is something that AT&T won from T-Mobile. So I cannot comment our involvement in itself or not. 
But as I said, we are open for business. We have a networking strategy model, which is paying off well for us with the 5 vectors of growth. And part of that is monetization of MVNOs, and we are very happy with what we have.

Yes. Now I can start with the C-Band. For obvious reason, we think it's an important moment. We are both amplifying and accelerating our 5G in the network, amplifying the opportunity. However, giving away our commercial ideas at the -- when we're going to launch this right now, we wouldn't do that. But of course, we're excited over it. 
We think it's going to be great for our customers. It's going to be fantastic performance, and it expands our 5G mobility options, our 5G fixed Fios access options, and it also extends our 5G mobile edge compute options. So it's just playing straight into our -- to our strategy. So we are excited over it, and we will come back, how we will bring that to our customers. So they are equally delighted as they are with our network today, but just getting something that is so much superior than anybody else.

Okay. On the first one, on the -- if you have been listening to what I've talked about around 5G before, first of all, 5G as a technology is better to handle data than 4G, and that's obvious. 3G (sic) [ 4G ] is better than 4G (sic) [ 3G ] as well. So that's happening. 
Then you need to add, too, that you're not only talking about spectrum, you're talking about how you engineer and how you build the network. So in our case, of course, we see great opportunities for being able to handle much more data. 
And remember, I mean, today, on the millimeter wave, we might use 400, sometimes 800 megahertz, but not more. And we have 1,600 megahertz nationwide. So there's so much more we can do. And as Kyle showed at the Investor Day, our headroom in the network is bigger than before, and that's before we start building what we're building right now. 
So we feel really confident how much -- how many [ X ] we are doing. And remember, I mean, our 4G is already the best in the nation. And then we're adding up right now what we're doing in 5G, that is also extraordinarily good. So others can talk and we usually execute, and we will continue with that.

I can. Matt will talk about nonpay churn. When it comes to the content deals, I mean, I think I've said it a couple of times now. I mean our whole idea is to offering exclusive offers for our wireless customers. And we also want to offer that partnership to brands that we really think resonate with us. 
And the model, as we have spoken about before, is that this is incremental revenue for us. It's not only loyalty. It's actually incremental profit for us. So it's a totally different model that might sometimes not been in the market before because suddenly, we use the best network, the best distribution and the best brand to work with companies like Disney+, et cetera, to give our customers a premium experience on top of the differentiation we already have with the Mix & Match. 
And ultimately, when we make this customer to paying customers, we get our fair share of that because we, with our assets, have created it together with the asset for Disney+, Discovery or gaming, et cetera. So that's how the model is working. And as I said before, we are very pleased with the -- with, I think, we have 6 or 7 of these offerings in the market right now, and all of them are very positive to us and to our customers. And we will continue to see if we can find more. And I think it's a unique model that we have created that nobody else has in the market. 
And I said, again, it goes back to Ronan and the team being very, very innovative and creative to see that we bring the best to our customer, not only the best network, but also the differentiation in offering. So I have to say I'm very pleased with that. And I said, we have more in the funnel.

I can make a quick answer on the promotion, and Matt will come back. We have already pulled the biggest 5G upgrade from the market, that we did.

Today. Yes. So yes, we see it as coming in and out when it's the right moment, but Matt will probably comment a little bit more on it. 
On the Business side, I mean, in Q4 2018, Matt and I talked about that. We think that this is one of the great opportunities we have over time with the Business side. And remember, we have never consolidated our Business side. It was compartmentalized in between all the different business we have. 
Tami and the team have during that moment -- and remember, we said we're going to invest in order to see that we have the platforms of products of CX and UX for our customers to be harmonized in order to be able to scale this to be a good business. And that they are doing, and they probably are halfway through it. They're doing a lot of transformation in the business. 
At the same time, there are some headwinds as we have seen before. I mean that would be the wireline sort of cyclical or -- no, it's not cyclical. It's a sustained decline. And then we have a wireless business where we take more than our fair share. We are leading in all segments. And that balance, of course, is coming into this quarter. Of course, we had more hardware this quarter as well. 
And then we're building off -- for the new opportunities with 5G mobile edge compute, private 5G networks, the 5G business Internet, which is using fixed wireless access. So we have a lot of new products coming out as we're building, and we have the same ambitions when it comes to financials, then we will be realistic what's happening in the market and how the team -- but I'm proud of the team of what they are transforming to and what we're aspiring for. And seeing the progress on mobile edge compute and business Internet, that's, of course, new opportunities that we have not seen coming into the P&L yet, but we're building it together with the transformation we're doing.