Thank you, Brady, and good morning, everyone. This is the last time I'll have to discuss Verizon results with you. So I'd like to take a minute and offer some perspective after serving as Verizon's CEO for the past 7 years. When I first took over from Ivan in 2011, the company was well positioned for the future. We were leading the charge in the wireless industry by pushing the ecosystem and driving new user experiences with our robust launch of 4G LTE service. We were growing our fibre-to-the-home business, Fios, and expanding penetration in highly competitive markets. The company had a strong balance sheet and financial profile, so that we had the flexibility to execute whatever strategy we chose. If I look at where we are today, once again, the company is well positioned for the future. Our financial and operating results for the first half of 2018 are strong as evidenced by our service revenue, earnings and cash flow growth.
Verizon has 100% ownership of our wireless business, and its industry-leading network and customer base. We have driven the 5G ecosystem by pushing the industry to adopt the next generation several years ahead of original expectations, and we are positioned to be the clear leader in the deployment of 5G services based on our technological expertise, asset base, engineering talent and spectrum portfolio. This leadership position is attracting opportunities in areas such as over-the-top TV, smart cities, transportation, education and health care, just to name a few.
I believe the impact of 5G on consumers will be much bigger than any previous generation. But the biggest impact will be on businesses as we provide the platform for the fourth industrial revolution. We know the consumer requires a mobile-first digital information experience and the new businesses that we have added such as Oath and our IoT platforms are poised to be at the forefront of enhancing our ability to meet this growing customer demand.
Our Fios business and our recent One Fiber expansion have proven that fiber-based network solutions will continue to be in high demand and can take significant share in mature markets. The cornerstone of our strategy will always be network leadership and customer experience. Verizon has an outstanding leadership team, unique portfolio of assets, solid financial profile and a strong balance sheet that enables us to deliver on the promise of the digital world.
I'm also pleased to mention our recently announced tentative agreement with our unions to extend our labor contracts through August 2023. This will give all of our employees the ability to focus on our customers and execute our strategies without disruption.
One of my least fond memories as CEO was a strike 5 days after taking over. I'm glad Hans won't share that experience. What Brady didn't tell you when he started the call this morning, is that the 4 of us are in Houston, Texas. It's an honor for us to be in Houston today to talk about our second quarter results, spend valuable time with our employees in the area and celebrate the quality of our customers in this great city. We have an excellent relationship with the city, with Mayor Turner and with the greater Houston area. And we are very proud of our overall customer experience, network performance and community involvement, especially, during some of the hardest times like Hurricane Harvey.
Verizon and the nation's best wireless network worked tirelessly to provide customers, loved ones and first responders with an unparalleled level of reliability and quality when it matters the most. It is with great pleasure that we announce here today Houston as the third of our 4 initial commercial launch markets for our 5G residential broadband service that will be rolled out later this year. This is an exciting time for our company and the industry. I couldn't be more pleased with the progress that Verizon is making and our recent appointment of Hans Vestberg, as CEO, solidifies the leadership of this great company for years to come.
As I've said before, I'm confident that Hans is the right person to bring Verizon into its next chapter and he's the energizing force we need to position Verizon to lead the upcoming fourth industrial revolution. Matt will now take you through the details of our second quarter financial results, which highlight the strength of Verizon. Hans will then outline our strategic priorities and talk about the opportunities that lie ahead.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Matt.

Well, thanks, John. I think your strategy is based on the assets that you have in your portfolio and where you think you can go with a high degree of success. We talk about competing to win. We don't want to play to play, we want to play to win. And we've looked at the things that we've done. Network leadership is at the core. It's part of the values of the company. Every individual here is proud of what we do on network leadership. And we've stayed close to that core, branching out though into things like Verizon Connect and Oath is a very logical near progression for us and we see the advantages that will strengthen the core going forward. If I look at the things I'm the proudest of, it's the things that you've mentioned that we've done and pushing the envelope on 5G and 4G is -- are some of those. I also have to say a little bit with a smile on my face, I'm glad we didn't follow a lot of the things the analysts and the bankers told us we had to do. And that's put us in a position now that Matt outlined, where we've got a strong balance sheet, we've got a clear strategy. And I think we are going to put a significant distance between us and the competition. And the first mover on network generation changes usually gains a significant amount of market share. And with the assets that we have, we think we're in that position with 5G.

Yes. David, we're really pleased with the relationship that we built with the union. During the last contract, we get together at the senior level very frequently. We've been able to deal with some issues that had been thorns on the side for both the union leadership and members as well as the company. So when we decided -- attempt to get a contract literally a year ahead of expiration that was a major change in our relationship. And I would like to thank the union leadership for the way -- the approach that they took during this. As far as your financial projections, I would say just continue with the projections that you've seen. We do have increases in contributions and that sort of thing, but it's not a significant change to the bottom line trajectory that you've seen the way it was after our last contract. But the beauty of all of this is now the management and all of our employees can focus on our customers, and deploying 5G and deploying fiber, and they can all focus on work and their families and the customer instead of getting ready for a strike. And so we're very, very pleased about this outcome.

And Mike, I think I'd just add one thing. It's funny, when you're at this point in your career, you get to look back and you see an awful lot of similar questions, but just asked in a different way. I remember when we brought Verizon together back in '99, and we had about 20% market penetration on postpaid, and there was no smartphone and people were saying, where's the industry going. You can't possibly get anymore penetration than you've gotten. And at that point, I pointed to areas like Sweden, Hans' home country, that was at 50% penetration, and we thought see, we got all sorts of headroom. And now we're over a 100% penetration and you see wearables, and with 5G, Hans mentioned this and I mentioned it in my opening remarks, you're going to see so much more penetration on all of the different business applications that are going to change people's lives. So I really don't think much about postpay or smartphones or any category you want to look at as an opportunity for future growth. There are so many things that we have literally 0% penetration in today that are going to be big businesses 5 years from now. That's why I'm so excited to see the way we're positioned and the leadership team's philosophy around dealing with customer pain points and providing them the products that they're going to need -- that will be indispensable 5 years from now. So that's my perspective on that.

Yes. So let me deal with those in reverse order there, Craig, and then I'll let Hans come in and put a period on it. The questions around Oath, I don't know where they're coming from. There is no intention of spinning out Oath in any particular format. We see the synergies that we expected to see and we see the future that we'd hoped for. Matt talked about in his remarks, the integration efforts that are going on, they're on schedule, and so we see no reason to do that and there is no credible report out there that otherwise in my view. So I'll be clear about that. On the video side, look, that is the major driver of traffic that we see on the network today. We only expect that to go up over time. We're not fans of linear, but I'm not trying to criticize anybody else's strategy here. It's just the fact of the assets that we have and the investments that we want to make. It's much better in our view to do digital. So we're, as we've always said, skating to where the puck is going. So that's where we're focused. I was very heartened by our time in Sun Valley 2 weeks ago. Hans went and we met with all of the major content providers, the sports leagues, the health care, education, gaming all of those segments and every one of them when they know what is going on with 5G, and especially, the latency, certainly, along with the capacity, but when they see the latency, their eyes light up about what's possible. So my view is, and I know Hans shares this, we've developed these strategies together. He's always been one of my go-to guys over the last 5 years to see where the industry is going. But it's our belief that we're positioned perfectly to have the partnerships that we need to be successful. We're not going to be owning content so we're not going to be competing with other content providers, we're going to be their best partner from a distribution perspective. And I think that makes great sense for the company going forward.

Okay. Tim, thanks for the question, and I'd just say to all of you that asked questions today, thank you for your best wishes. First on customer data. Our hallmark on this, Tim, is transparency. We don't want to use data though I -- unless customers know how we're using it. And so far, we've been able to do broad data analysis and target our advertising not based on individual customer data, but overall data. And I think that, that anonymous usage, we're very clear with customers about, and it's certainly got a lot of value to the Oath assets. On the convergence side, we're honoring the contract within the footprint, and we're very open with the union about what we're doing and we're very clear that areas that we manage outside of the union contract will stay clean as we go forward. So we're -- again, transparency is important to us. We think we can do exactly what we need to do without causing any footfalls and we're open about it. We don't view that as a hindrance to our strategy going forward.