Thank you, Brady, and thanks for everyone joining this third quarter earnings release from Verizon. I would like to start to reflect over the current situation we have. Of course, I mentioned several times before, we are in multiple crises: the pandemic is continuing, the economical downturn and the racial justice. We, as a corporation, have continued with our 3-pronged governance to see that we're managing this in the best way.
Of course, our team is very focused on the crisis of the pandemic and having a team working on that. But the majority of my executive team are working with business as usual to see that we continue to move this company forward. And finally, we're also working a lot with new opportunities that arise from these crises to see that we are actually coming out of a stronger company and actually serving our customers in an even better way.
I would like to say a couple of things on where we are in all this when it comes to our responsible business practices. Starting with the COVID-19, we all the time put our focus on our employees' safety and health. That has been so important for us. In this third quarter, we have seen our retail stores coming back to full operations, of course, with new procedures and processes. We have also seen our engineers being back in full force in the field to make installations. And you're going to see that later on as we had a really great quarter when it comes to Fios installations.
On the racial injustice and what we're doing here, I would just want to highlight one important thing. This quarter, we published our 2020 Diversity Representation Report. We disclosed on different levels and different units where we stand on one of our core values, which is diversity and inclusion.
I want to highlight the work that our treasury department did in the third quarter. They issued the second $1 billion green bond, which was led by minority-owned underwriters, continue our work with the climate change and seeing that we do our contribution. And finally, we also decided in the quarter to provide our employees with paid time off for employees to vote in these times, which are unprecedented.
Moving on to where we are, and I talked a lot about as we came into this quarter and the second half of 2020, that this was the year of execution. And I cannot say anything else that our team has been executing just fantastically. And if we talk about our Network-as-a-Service strategy and our network, starting with the 4G network, what can we say? I mean the team continues to take all awards. I mean the RootMetrics, we're winning the best overall mobile network. And on J.D. Power, we're awarded for the 25th consecutive time the best network quality. So the team is continued to augment and improve our 4G network.
At the same time, we entered in the CBRS auction, as you know, and we gained some 34 megahertz covering 140 million of the population. And all in all, that is going to help us to augment the capacity in the network, especially on 4G.
Another area which we're very proud of, that the team has done in the quarter is, of course, continue the relentless execution on our 5G network. And we launched the 5G nationwide last week. And as I said through the whole year, that we're going to launch the network when it commercially makes sense. And it made sense last week when the iPhone 12 was launched in the market. So now we have nationwide covering more than 200 million of the population of the United States, more than 1,800 cities when it comes to our 5G nationwide based on the DSS technology. 
We also continue our expansion on the Ultra Wideband, and we took a leapfrog with 19 more cities, and we are now 55 cities for mobility. We have 43 stadiums and 7 airports. Just continue to augment our Ultra Wideband Network, which is just giving a huge, new experience when it comes to capabilities, when it comes to speed, latency and, of course, throughput.
We also, in this quarter, launched some home cities when it comes to 5G Home or we added -- so we have now 8 5G Home cities when it comes to fixed wireless access. And finally, one of the core assets for our network service is, of course, our fiber and the fiber richness of our network is a core element in the Verizon, the Intelligent Edge Network. We're on plan for that. In these times, it's just great work, what the team has done all the way from the 4G network to the 5G network and OneFiber. They're executing tremendously on our commitments for the full year. 
All that network service strategy is based on us being able to monetize on top of that network. And a couple of very important events this quarter and a little bit after is, of course, setting us up for that monetization. Starting with the 5G adoption and the ecosystem that we're creating. We're, of course, extremely pleased with the launch of the 5G iPhone, the iPhone 12 that came out in 4 different models, all with Ultra Wideband. That is, of course, setting a precedent how important Ultra Wideband is for an unprecedented or unparalleled experience on 5G, bringing out all the currencies or capabilities that were talked about before.
Also this quarter, we added now the high-power CP for 5G Home, which we have been talking on for quite a while. So now we're on the right track for that as well, continue to be able to monetize on 5G fixed wire access, which is one of the different services, we believe, is going to be important on 5G.
And finally, the 5G mobile edge compute, which is the third business case we have on the same infrastructure. We have now 5 mobile edge compute centers together with Amazon. We also announced that Microsoft is now joining us on the mobile edge compute as well, focused on the private side of the 5G mobile edge compute. So we are actually gathering in some of the most important partners in the ecosystem to see that we can actually monetize this investment work done in the Network as a Service.
We also have in the network continued with our Mix & Match. And as we earlier reported, Ronan and his team has done Mix & Match 3.0. Very important in times when there are so many choices, we give our customers the choices to pick their offerings and their way of dealing and getting services from Verizon.
Finally on that area, our collaboration within the company is very strong. And as you saw during the iPhone launch, we launched with NFL the super app or the super stadium app, which was created by our Verizon Media Group, which is basically 7 concurrent video streams at the same time that you can enjoy either in the stadium, which you cannot be today, or at home if you have 5G Ultra Wideband. Once again, we are part of a much wider ecosystem and to delivering new services.
We're strengthening the core as well with a couple of new things. First of all, we are now going into the LTE Home Internet. We are covering 189 markets in 48 states. This is one way for us to continue to use our great network to offering new types of services.
In the quarter, we also announced our ambition to acquire TracFone. That is adding new opportunities for us in the value segment to support that segment of customers.
Finally, on the business-to-business applications, which is the growth on top of the 5G mobile edge compute, we now have 5 mobile edge compute centers. As I said, we are committed to do 10 by year-end, and we both have now Amazon and Microsoft as partners to build that.
Finally, we have seen great opportunities based on our investment in universal communication services, where we have added our BlueJeans acquisition, especially in health and education. And as you're going to hear from Matt later on, we have great growth in our public sector very much based on that. I'm really proud of my team, that they can deliver this strong financial performance in the third quarter in these unprecedented times as well as with the strong execution of our platforms and our strategy.
On the consumer side, we added some 142,000 new postpaid phone net adds and continue with a very high loyalty for our customer with a very low churn levels. As I alluded to earlier, we are also very proud of what we achieved in the Fios. In the total Fios, we added 144,000 new Internet net addition. That's a 5-year high, which is just great work of our Fios with the Mix & Match as well as their offering and the quality we have on Fios. Of course, there were some pent-up demand. But all in all, it also showed the support from our customers for our Fios offering.
On the business side, we continue to do well on the wireless side, both on the wireless gross adds and net adds. We have still in the business side the secular decline in wireline. We had good profitability in the quarter even though we continued to invest, and we are not done with the investment we talked about in the fourth quarter last year that is so important for us to see that we are really supporting our customers when it comes to new digitalization and new offerings. But all in all, good work by our business group.
Finally, the media group had a sequential improvement. They were down 7% in growth in the quarter. They had very good improvements during the quarter when it comes to the growth trajectory.
Finally, they continue to add a lot of new opportunities, especially around the owned and operated, where we have good growth in the monthly active users. If that is in news or in finance, we clearly see that our content is really aspiring and doing well with our customers in those areas. And finally, our ad tech, especially the demand platform, is adding quite a lot of new customers in these times, which also shows proof of all the transformation that we have done in the media group.
So looking at the financials. We had a growth in our service revenue, wireless service revenue in the third quarter with 0.3%. We clearly have been very focused on that one, and it exceeded a little bit also what we said when we concluded the second quarter.
We also had an improvement and growth on our adjusted EBITDA margin with 100 basis points. And that includes, of course, the COVID impact. So we clearly see that even though we have a decline due to hardware, we are managing our P&L in a good way in all our units.
The cash flow continues to be strong. We have continued to add cash flow in the quarter even though we have the dividend and some outlays for some acquisitions of spectrum.
Finally, we are doing a positive update on the EPS guidance that Matt will talk about later on. So we feel good about going into the fourth quarter with a very solid third quarter when it comes to financial and execution and how we're dealing with the different crises that is happening around us here in the U.S. and the rest of the world.
So I will then hand it over to Matt to go into more details on the financials.

Thank you, Matt. Let me just quickly summarize where we are. I think we are in a moment where we are executing against our strategy in a really good way, and we are creating the opportunities for our growth that we're aspiring for.
And let me start with the 5G. There are so many things we have done in the last 3 months and into this quarter that is really paving the way for our best network and for our customers to enjoy this tremendous opportunity to be on 5G. 
When it comes to strengthening our core, new partners are important for ecosystem, but we're also looking into new segments. You heard me talking about the 5G mobile edge compute that we continue with, but also ambition to acquiring TracFone to see that our Network as a Service is really the fundamental strategy that we can monetize on top of and seeing that we continue to be the leader in this market.
Finally, new revenue models, many of them have been discussed. But clearly, we see a new opportunity, especially in the business group with 5G mobile edge compute, also based on what's happening with health care and education. And we are taking care of some of them already but more opportunities coming with partners that we have announced this quarter, but also with partners in the future. 
So all in all, a very good quarter. I think we're in a very strong position to continue in the fourth quarter and into 2021 as we're executing on our strategy. 
With that, I hand it back to Brady for the Q&A.

Thank you. I mean let me start by saying that we feel really good about our position and, first of all, with the network we have, the offering that we are doing based on the Mix & Match, but also the offering you're alluding to and then, of course, the position we have when it comes to the iPhone 12, where we have Ultra Wideband in all of them. So I think we're operating -- we're in a position of strength. We feel really good about our offerings.
We also feel good about the response. I mean it's very early. I cannot say so much about the preorders. Remember, it's only 2 phones that is in preorder right now. There's coming 2 other iPhones the 6th of November when it comes to preorders. But we're happy with the preorders so far.
And as you've seen from Matt talking about the guidance, we feel also good about the quarter and how we're going to handle this. And as you know, I mean, this is not the first time we're into a cycle of iPhones. And our guys, they know how to deal with this, and they are very financially prudent seeing that long term and medium term, this is going to be very positive for our customers and our shareholders. So we feel really good about it. Matt?

Thank you very much. Let me start. And first of all, I mean, our strategy has been consistent over years and -- when it comes to the Ultra Wideband. And the deployment has also been very consistent. And remember, when it comes to the Ultra Wideband, it's just an unparalleled experience. I mean, you might have seen that yesterday, we actually made test that will come up to 5 gig right now. So this is just giving some totally different experience.
And that was the whole idea when we started. We wanted to build something enormously transformative. And that's what we have. And that, of course, is playing into the whole rollout of the iPhone 12 as well that is all capable of Ultra Wideband. 
When it comes to our rollout, I mean, last week, we added 19 cities, and the majority of the cities who had already launched were almost double the size of the footprint. So we are in an enormously big rollout on Ultra Wideband. And as we said, 5x more base station this year compared to '19. 
I will give you one number. I mean the last 2 months, we deployed more radio base station than we did in entire 2019. That's the pace we are up to. So our footprint, this is growing. And even though there's no people or spectator stadiums, with the super app with NFL, what we're doing is, of course, we have 5G in the stadiums, and we can project that out. So you, as a user, you can get that experience by not being in the stadium with 7 screens. 
So I see we are continuing to do transformative things, and the whole ecosystem is around us. As you have seen, we're now up to 5 different sites with Amazon and commercially. We're on the mobile edge compute. We're building a lot of great opportunities and transformative business transformations with it.
So we are really excited about it, and we can see the consumers are excited about that as well. But we're augmenting every day, and I'm extremely happy with our technology team are deploying this together with the fiber we're doing at the same time. So you will see more and more. We're just augmenting the Ultra Wideband Network.
And as -- I just need to also state that, remember, we also launched our nationwide 5G, covering more than 200 million people, which is on par or better than our 4G, which clearly is the best in the nation. As I said, we -- I'm not sure how many times have won the RootMetrics, J.D. Power, and now we're adding that nationwide. So we feel really good about our situation when it comes to network and what we can give to our customers.
On the 5G Home, you're right, we are now on 8 cities. We have -- we're also augmenting, of course, those cities with Ultra Wideband, and we have 2 more cities before year-end. But I said before, I mean, there's no reason why any city that we have mobility in will not be a 5G Home city as well. 
And now with the CP that we came out with early in the fourth quarter, we also have a very compelling offering, very transformative, with a self-install, with a CP that is much more powerful than the previous ones, much easier to detect and all of that. So we feel good about that. 
That doesn't change what we have said before when it comes to our revenue trajectory for 5G and the different business cases we have. But what it shows is that we are really in execution mode right now and bringing monetization on top of our 5G investment that we have been on to for the last 3, 4 years or as long as I remember because I have been here for 2.5 years because we have all the time been on this strategy. 
So I'm very pleased with this third quarter. We have more to do in the fourth quarter, but a lot of things are coming in place for us right now to really talk about our strategy.

Thank you. Let me start just hitting a little bit on service revenue and then millimeter wave, and then I will hand it over to Matt. So on the service revenue, I just want to reiterate the strategy we have had now since we launched unlimited and the work that Ronan and the team are doing as well as Tami when it comes to our Mix & Match, et cetera. 
This has been a journey where we are differentiating our customer experience towards any of our competitors. I mean first of all, we can Mix & Match. Number two, we have offerings with partners that no one else have, everything from Disney+ to Apple Music. We have just put a totally different way of dealing with our customer. And thus, you see the payout.
And remember, in the fourth quarter and the third quarter last year, we were in a fantastic trajectory on the service revenue. Then we all know what happened in the pandemic, and now we are showing that we're back. And as Matt said on the service revenue, we had better trajectory in the month of August and in July and in September. So the guys are doing a great job. I will leave it back to Matt later on for the service revenue comments, but that's how I feel about it, how good these guys are doing this.
On the millimeter wave, yes, I agree with you. We are just creating a competitive advantage with the whole millimeter wave and the Ultra Wideband. And you can see that all the partners we're lining up are really excited about it, if it's Apple or if it's Wild Rift, which is the biggest game in the world that will be exclusive with us. All of that is happening at the moment. 
I'm pushing the team every day to go faster. Now we have also unconstrained supply. I mean we didn't have that last year when we were so early on this. And some might not remember that the conviction or the word was that 5G will start to be deployed in 2020. We have commercial networks. We have 55 cities. We're nationwide. And we have pushed the envelope of technology with ecosystem since 2015 to be where we are today. 
But don't worry. I'm pushing, and I'm going to push us well, and we are managing this within our CapEx as well. So the team is doing well. We are giving all the resources they need because we understand what competitive advantage we are creating. Matt?

On the broader economy, I mean, I can only say 2 things: I mean first of all, I mean, the public sector customers and the large enterprise customers, in general, very high activities. There are, of course, certain large enterprises that are a little bit subdued because there are industries that are having very tough times, like the airline industry and tourist, more transport. 
So -- but all others, I would say the activity level is higher than ever. Many are taking advantage of digitalizations and actually changing the way you're working. And this is playing straight into our strategy that we have been deploying for years, both with the technology but also with the go-to-market we designed 2 years ago or 1.5 years ago. 
And finally, I think the small and medium business, that's where we see the challenge because we still have companies that have closed down and are waiting to see if they're going to get back. It's not getting worse, but we still have that concerns for small and medium businesses that are hard to say. So when I talk around with my colleagues in the industry, the CEOs, they see the same a little bit. 
We don't know where the small end business will go after this. It depends on how long this economical downturn will be, but we haven't seen a worsening yet, at least lately. So that's where we are.

Craig, first of all, as we all know, there large MVNOs in these countries together with us, and we are very happy with that. They are very good customers to us. We have a good relationship with them. And they have been taking some share. 
And again, it's playing straight into the strategy we designed for 2 years ago, the Network as a Service to actually monetize the network and the capital spend better than anybody else in this market. And I'm just happy to see that what's happening. I cannot go into any contractual things we're doing. But again, we are happy. I guess they're happy as well. So that's how it works.

On the first question, first of all, I'm happy that we've answered all the iPhone question because that's an important piece for us, because it was such an important event for us last week. So thank you for that. 
On the horizon on investment, they're, of course, different depending on what we're investing. And so it's hard to just make an answer. But clearly, we are trying to monetize as quickly as we can on all the investments we're doing. And that's why we're talking so much about the monetization right now as we have done quite a lot in the network, all the way from the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network and with all the 5G. And all the 5G use cases that we outlined, the 3 business cases are now up, running commercially.
So now it's up to our sales team to sell. I mean it's Ronan, it's Tami, it's Guru, the 3 CEOs that now needs to get out with a sales force to sell on it. Because, Kyle, which is running the technology, has bumped this network up to something that we have never seen before. So that's how I see it. So it's really execute right now.

As we outlined, I think already 2018, when it comes to 5G Home and mobility, we would start seeing something in 2021. And then 5G mobile edge compute is for 2022. That's what we said already, I think, at the Investor Day at 2018 or '17. So we stick to that, and we execute on it. And this team, they are a phenomenal group of executors I have here in Verizon.

Okay. On the TracFone, our strategic intent is, of course, going back to the Network as a Service and seeing that we monetize the network in the best way. And of course, the value segment is a growing segment that is also giving us growth. 
So we are hitting on 2 of the main objectives here: one is, of course, to monetize our network better than anybody else in this market and the capital invested; and secondly, be part of the growth and seeing that we are actually playing in all different segments of the market when it comes to wireless. So that's the objective. 
And as you might know, the majority of these customers on TracFone, they're already on our network. So that's -- we have the synergies from it. But clearly, that's how we see it. But we need to close it first. We have said that it's in the second half of 2021. So it's a while until we get there. So we will definitely give you more updates on that as we go on. Matt?

Thank you. On the fixed wireless access customers, as I said, we are now 2 offerings in the market. We have one, which is 4G, and then, of course, we have the 5G, which is the big push for us. 
We have said we're going to address 30 million households over the 5 to 8 years. That's where we -- what we're addressing. And hopefully -- not hopefully, our ambition is to take a fair market share of that one as we have done with the Fios. So that's what we're pushing for. 
And our team is always geared to do better than the expectations. So of course, we are pushing them hard. And as we are releasing more and more sites and more and more homes for sale, we're going to start reporting it.

It is a step change. I would say, it's clearly a step change when it comes to both the self-install, but also how much more we can cover with that CP because it's is bringing in so much more of the signal compare. 
Remember, the first CP we had was basically a smartphone chipset sitting in the CP. That's what we had. So basically, we had a smartphone being the CP. This is catered for being indoor or outdoor CP. And as we have reported before, we have a lot of indoor installations right now because this is working very well. So it's a step change and mainly because we can address so many more households from one radio base station. That's the importance of it.