Thank you, Brady, and happy new year to all of you. This past week has been one of the best since I joined Verizon. On January 19, we successfully launched 5G Ultra Wideband on C-Band, which will enable more Americans than ever before to experience a transformative speed, reliability and power of our multipurpose network on the go, in their home or for their businesses.
Our work throughout 2021 brought us to this moment, and I will spend this call discussing how we got here and how our accomplishment will accelerate our growth. I want to thank our incredible V team for all your hard work and dedication throughout 2021 and for delivering for our customers and our communities. 
We have never executed so well on so many strategic and operational objectives as we did in 2021. This was a catalyst year for Verizon, and I'm very proud of our work. We have a clear and disciplined strategy based on our multipurpose network that creates economies of scale and new business models in an era where broadband is essential to our customers and society. 
Our results clearly confirm that our strategy is working and that 2021 was a transformative year for Verizon, and it clearly sets us up for a high-impact year in 2022. We have now assembled the industry's most comprehensive portfolio of high-quality assets, leveraging our best-in-class technology to extend our network leadership to address more opportunities than anyone else in the market.  
We're widely being recognized for both what we have accomplished. And for the 28th time in a row, J.D. Power ranked Verizon first for network quality. This is our 175th J.D. Power Network Quality Award in 18 years. At the same time, we continue to support our 4 stakeholders: shareholders, customers, employees and society as a responsible business. 
Verizon leads the industry in sustainability. We are ranked ahead of our peers, both by the Drucker Institute and Just 100, and we are confident that our multi-stakeholder strategy will lead to long-term shareholder value.  
We have a team and expertise to lead the country into a vibrant mobile computing future. Verizon has the best engineers in the world, and they have built a world's foremost reliable and scalable network. This asset is the foundation and the catalyst for our accelerating growth. 
So we begin 2022 with a strong portfolio of assets. We're executing our 5G strategy, making great progress on our 5 vectors of growth and delivering a premier customer experience. This significant momentum sets us up for 2022 and beyond.  
Let me give an update on the financial and operation metrics. During 2021's first quarter, we set clear targets. As we close out 2021 and enter in 2022, I'm proud to report that we delivered on all of them plus some, and our achievements will only capitalize even greater value creation in 2022.  
On our January 19 C-band deployment, we covered more than 90 million POPs and millions of homes in more than 1,700 cities, well ahead of plan on making excellent use of the incremental capital spend to augment and accelerate our business opportunities.  
Today, we cover more than 95 million POPs, as the team is progressing. We also brought more than 15,000 additional 5G Ultra Wideband small cells in service, exceeding our annual goal and nearly doubling our total 5G millimeter wave presence, increasing our fiber footprint to create a state-of-the-art multipurpose network. 
At our Investor Day last year, we said we would have 5% to 10% traffic in urban areas covered by millimeter wave. Today, we're almost at 10%. It's exceeding our expectation. This confirms our millimeter wave strategy.  
All this sets stage for last week's Verizon Ultra Wideband launch. We're excited and pleased with what we have seen so far from customer reception to network performance. We have grown our network significantly. We finished 2021 with over 20 million households covered for our fixed wireless access solutions, and C-band adds millions more homes.  
For business, our initial C-band expansion will cover more than 1.7 million organizations with the Verizon 5G business Internet across 900 cities. We will reach new retail and business clients by offering a breadth of plan options that make our capabilities relevant to their lives. 
Our new mix and match 4.0 offerings allow customers to pick the 5G plan they want with options for savings on home Internet. For businesses, we offer business unlimited offerings that bring choice and power to the professional market. 
In addition to our network achievements, we closed on 2 large strategic transactions in 2021. We sold Verizon Media Group to Apollo Global Management for $5 billion in a transaction that closed in September, retaining minority ownership. And in November, we completed our strategic acquisition of TracFone, positioning Verizon as the #1 provider within the value segment. This opportunity enabled us to deepen our relationship with new customers, while delivering more enhanced services.  
TracFone is being rapidly integrated into our operation. The acquisition added 20 million customers to our prepaid model and cements Verizon as a leading prepaid vendor at Walmart and Best Buy, forming a strong foundation for our retail efforts.  
We also continue to reach new customers through bundled Internet telephone and television services. Fios Internet adds in 2021 were our best since 2014, and we continue to expand availability of the best-in-class service.  
Importantly, we strengthened our relationship with our customers, adding more connections, including more than 0.5 million new wireless postpaid phone net adds, while maintaining and cultivating our loyal, high-quality relationships. 
We provided additional value for our customers through our unique partnership strategy with the best brands that are meaningful to people, lives and businesses. This includes content partnership with NFL, Disney, Apple, Discovery and Niantic, to name a few. 
For businesses, we offer mobile edge compute capabilities, something we're first in the world with, alongside industry leaders like AWS, Google and Microsoft. 
Disruptions to consumer and industrial supply chains throughout 2021 and extending into this year have affected all industries and brought digital connectivity to the central focus in the lives of our stakeholders. That said, Verizon has executed effectively under these conditions, as demonstrated by our successful network expansion and network service launches. 
Once again, our financial performance demonstrate that our strategy is working. Our focus on profitable volume continues to drive wireless service revenue growth of 4.7% in 2021. And in the fourth quarter, 74% of our customers subscribed to an unlimited plan compared to 71% in Q3. Just over 1/3 of our unlimited subscribers have unlimited premium. This leaves room for continued step-up expansion. 
Our multipurpose network and flexible plans will also encourage customers to upgrade handsets and devices. We saw quick adoption of 5G handsets throughout 2021 in anticipation on new services. 1/3 of our customers' handsets are now 5G-enabled compared to about 25% in the third quarter.  
We raised our earnings per share and wireless service revenue guidance during the year and delivered on both, including 10% EPS growth. We promised also $10 billion in cost savings, and we delivered ahead of schedule. However, we continuously strive to more efficiently manage our business. 
We generated strong cash flows to support our investments and financial commitment, and we delivered our 15th consecutive year of increased dividend payments, while maintaining a healthy balance sheet. 
As for our focus on ESG, Citizen Verizon has also delivered on its promises. We took action towards meeting our 2025 goals, including spending to support technology education and adoption to bridge digital divide and contracting for significant renewable energy capacity, positioning the company to achieve over 50% renewable energy goal by 2025.  
Matt will elaborate on our performance and 2022 guidance in detail. But we will target organic service and other revenue of around 3% as well as EBITDA growth of 2% to 3%.  
With the right assets in place and a sound strategy to reach consumers and businesses with 5G capabilities and mobile edge computing on our multipurpose network, Verizon has unlimited potential. 2022 will demonstrate this.  
Now I will turn the call over to Matt to walk you through our fourth quarter and full year performance in greater detail.

Thank you, Matt. The assets are in place to make 2022 Verizon's best year yet. Coming off a catalyst year, we are excited to execute on our 5 vectors of growth and deliver the financial targets we laid out at our Investor Day back in March of last year.  
We have clear priorities for the year. We will continue our legacy of disciplined execution and look forward to delivering against our operation and financial targets that Matt just outlined. 
We expect organic service and other revenue growth of around 3% in 2022, and we also expect to increase EBITDA by 2% to 3%. 
We commit to strengthen and growing our core business and commercializing our unique assets. By combining our Verizon Ultra Wideband with the new mix and match plans, we can supercharge 5G Ultra Wideband adoption to enhance customer experiences and to increase average revenue per user.  
At the same time, we will continue to expand our fixed wireless access, positioning Verizon as a premier nationwide broadband provider. We believe that Verizon's fixed wireless access offering will drive the next leg of broadband growth, increasing our market share and reach. 
We will innovate in our business of business offerings, bringing mobile edge computing to our enterprise clients and transform the Internet of Things from a vision to reality. You should continue to expect us to sign new clients and provide examples on how the mobile edge compute is addressing the complex needs of our customers. 
We will benefit from our leading position in the value segment. The integration of TracFone will form the basis of deep and productive relationships that can grow to meet our customers' changing needs throughout life.  
We will continue to run Verizon as a purpose-driven organization. We will pursue C-band and 5G leadership because these technologies are critical for economic prosperity and driving innovation for all, not just for Verizon. We will continue to serve all of our stakeholders, shareholders, customers, employees and society. And lastly, I also hope to see you all again at our upcoming Investor Day on March 3.  
With that, I hand it back to Brady.

Okay. Thank you, Brett. Let me start and I will get some addition from Matt there. When it comes to the growth in 2022, first of all, I think we're coming in with a great momentum from 2021, both in our Business and in our Consumer units. 
Both of them have done a great job at the end of last year topping that, of course, with the C-band launch, which we're very excited about, and we see a very, very good performance with our new offerings, both on the Business side and the Consumer side, with mix and match and all of that. 
That's all great, of course, for us. What we feel is a great momentum coming into this year. And we also have the step-ups and, as you heard me and Matt talking, even though we are continuing to step up our customers, we even have more to do there. And we have a couple of years of more growth coming from that ARPA expansion.  
So coming into the year, we feel really good about the momentum we have, but also about opportunity in the market on the wireless market. Matt will come back.  
But on the broadband piece, just quickly then. We, of course, are very excited over the Fios broadband. What we saw last year was the best year since 2014. We will continue to expand the footprint, and because we have such a good performance on it and customers love it. 
And then on top of that, as I said, fixed wireless access is now coming into a totally different model. We have it on 4G. We have it on millimeter wave. And then, of course, turning on the C-band earlier this month, it just opened up new opportunities for us. Of course, we want to see fixed wireless access continue to grow for us, and this is a super focus for the team.  
And you asked where the customer comes. First of all, all the fixed wireless customers we have, they use this as the primary broadband solution for them. That's very important because that we see on the usage on them. So you saw backup for secondary line on fixed wireless access is the primary broadband usage.  
And secondly, these customers are coming from basically cable and DSL areas where they are using that, so that's where we take them from. They are new to us as broadband customers, and sometimes they are new. They're not even wireless customers. So that's where we get them from right now. So -- and I think that, that's our sweet spot right now when we're a national broadband provider. 
So all in all, excited over getting into '22 with all the assets we have right now. And hey, what this talk over the year, we do all of that coming together so early in the year for us with C-band.

Thank you. On the -- compared to the environment, yes, we saw that in the fourth quarter. And when we are saying that we have the guidance for 2022, we continue to believe it's going to be competitive, but we have great assets. 
And of course, what is different in the first quarter this year for many other years is, of course, called 5G Ultra Wideband and C-band. That's a big difference. We are really excited over that announcement. And as you saw, we now cover more than 95 million POPs, and we have great offerings more for our Business customers and for our Consumers, and then topping that fixed wireless access and the mobility case. 
So -- and later on, we can come to talk about mobile edge compute because this also augment our potential in the mobile edge compute. 
Before I let Matt comment on the CapEx, I just want to say what Matt and I said at the Investor Day last year. We're going to see over the years right now that our capital intensity going down. And partly what you see in the BAU guidance, we do right now. 
We have done our fiber for a couple of years. We have done the majority of the long hauls, so to say. And we also see that with the 5G expansion on C-band, we clearly see over time an offset on the 4G that we can reduce on that. And much of the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network that is commonality from the data center to the edge, that also has been ongoing for a while, so that's why we are feeling good about the BAU coming down. 
And then on the C-band, you're absolutely right. $10 billion is the amount we decided, and we told Kyle and the team to spend the faster you can because we want these assets up and running as soon as possible. And that's what you see the 5% to 6% right now, we do last year. 
So that's with a normal calculation that is roughly 2 left in the year to come. But when it comes to future guidance on CapEx, I think we have to wait with that. But clearly, our target is to continue to be very capital efficient all the time here. 
Matt?

I think this is sort of the full strategy of Verizon coming together. This was what we envisioned when some of us was in a conference room in New York in 2018 and talking about Verizon intelligent Edge network. I wanted to build that in order to serve a market where capacity and connectivity is needed all across the network for all type of customers. And clearly, the C-band is just adding enormous lot of capacity for us. 
But don't forget the millimeter wave now. I mean, that strategy is really working for us as well because we take a lot of the high-volume areas with millimeter wave, which unleashed out the spectrum. And hey, we haven't even starting to do a carrier aggregation and using part of our spectrum yet coming into the 5G. 
So I would say, clearly, we will be more aggressive on it, especially on fixed wireless access because we feel so good about the capacity management, and we have the best engineers in the industry. They have never failed the strategies that were put up. 
So I feel really good about our capacity. We can go wherever we want. We have Tami and Manon, the 2 CEOs of our units, going hard on to all the products we have in all angles of the network. So yes, I think we feel really good about our capacities right now. And what the team is doing is  just amazing.

Thank you. So first of all, on the -- as you heard, our deployment on C-band has been extremely successful, basically deliver a quarter ahead, and the guys has brought up so much site that's just amazing. 
Then you know also that voluntary, we agreed to not turn on some portion of the sites close to the airports, which is a smaller portion of the totality. I would say this is good progress. Everybody is focused. We have the highest assurance from the White House that this will be resolved very soon. 
I follow this person myself. But again, it's a smaller portion on the network. The big thing is it doesn't impact our business at the moment, meaning our customers that we can serve. But clearly, we want this to be resolved as soon as possible. So the pressure is on everybody involved to make this fixed. 
When it comes to fixed wireless access, yes, you're right. I mean, we have now, for a couple of years, learned all the way from billing, customer care, how to work with fixed wireless access. And I think that's a really good way for us to learn going into the second -- or into '22 when it comes to fixed wireless access. So of course, we have high ambitions internally for fixed wireless access, and the team is really well prepared.

Okay. I just need to correct myself. It's going so faster. So I said 90 million POPs covered with C-band. We have 95, as I said, as of today. So I just wanted to correct that. My colleagues here comment that I didn't remember that. It's going fast for us here. 
On TracFone, when we talked about the integration, as we took this over end of November, the team is doing a great job together. What we are doing from the Verizon side is, of course, bringing our platforms, the network, the products, the experience in IT and all of that. That's what we're bringing. That's where we bring synergies. 
Then, of course, we're going to have these brands serving their market in their way and seeing that we coexist together with them. So that is really what is bringing out then is some investments in the beginning as we have said. But over time, this should be a really good addition to us, and it will be incremental from the beginning. 
So I'm really excited with TracFone because now we serve the full market and being #1 in that segment as well. So it just plays into the overall thinking about our 5 vectors of growth, having more places to grow than anybody else in the market, and this is just another vector for us. 
Matt?

I'll start with the second question, and then Matt will walk you through a little bit on TracFone. 
Yes, on the market, as I said before, I mean, we compete well in a competitive market, and we prepare ourselves for that. And we think our offerings, both on wireless and fixed wireless access, including Fios, of course, is very strong. 
Ultimately, we have a different recipe than many others. The best network, then we have all our partnerships that nobody else have. And finally, we have a great value proposition to our customer with mix and match where they can pick and choose. So that's why we feel really good going into this year. 
And with everything we have been doing in the last couple of years, we know it's working. Our strategy is working here. And clearly, we have also the owner's economics on both wireless and broadband, which is different from anybody else basically, that we actually have this owner because we have built a network from the data center to the edge with commonality, the same type of equipment. And then at the edge, we decide what type of access points we have, depending on customer and solutions. 
And then we give them different applications and bundles with Disney+, whatever or if there are other solutions. But I think that's unique for us. We have created that in the last 3 years, and that's why we sit here right now and feeling we're going to compete well in this market, even though it's competitive.

Yes. I'll start with the mobile edge compute. Now, as you have seen, we have a great progress on that. First of all, we have 3 different business cases on the same infrastructure again. We have the private mobile edge compute. We have the public mobile edge compute. And we have 5G network. 
That's what we're working on right now, and they are a little bit different use cases, of course, of all of them. Some are a little bit more B2B to C and some are really B2B. 
What we are doing right now is, of course, bringing all that live together with our partners, and we have the 3 largest web-scale players in the industry working with us on all of these. And suddenly, we start seeing, with every announcement that you see in the market, if it's IoT solutions or metaverse solution, I mean, that's what we built the network in mobile edge compute. So this year, I'm looking for taking many of our proof-of-concept together with large enterprises and application developers to commercial deals. 
If you would put that in timing, I would say the fixed wireless access is a little bit earlier, as we said all the time. The mobility case is first on 5G, then fixed wireless access, and we talked a lot about that and then mobile edge compute. 
So you're going to see more about us gaining and winning a lot of businesses because we are the only one in the market in the mobile edge compute. So that's what you're going to see in '22. And then, of course, we're going to build up our revenue base going into '23.

Thank you for the question. First of all, I think what we have designed this network and our go-to-market is optionality for our customers. If the market goes to more convergence, definitely, we will be there. We're going to be nationwide with broadband, and we're going to be nationwide with wireless. 
If a standalone business, we can do that as well because we have the scale right now, all the way from our network to our capacity, to our IP, to our go-to-market, customer care, all the way we have scale. So we are just playing with the -- where the market is going and giving the optionality. 
The same goes for our content deals. I mean, trying to see that our customers can pick and choose what they want and see if they want it. They can keep it or they can continue with it. 
So all in all, with our mix and match, our network, everything is set up for optionality of a customer choice. We are the company that can give some customer choice, and then we have economies of scale in either of the solution. 
So if the market go convergence, we're going to be there. If it's go separate, we're going to be there, and we're going to have economies of scales of both of them. And it will increase our leverage when it comes to profitability because this One Network is one way to go to the market for us regardless of.

Yes, I will answer on the fixed wireless access. First of all, I think we have not changed our long-term strategy to be financial disciplined when it comes to our customer acquisitions. We are focused on high-quality customers, and we will continue to do so. 
Our team is extremely methodical when it comes to do these offerings and see the long-term benefit for us and for the customer and what we give them. 
As I said, right now, in our fixed wireless access, we have this bundle to see if that is what the market wants to have. But again, we have optionality with the pricing. We can do it standalone or we can do it together with our premium on wireless. 
And I think all in all, again, we have owner's economics on both of them, so it should be possibly financially for us. And again, the team is very convinced that we have a really, really good formula here. 
And I have all the confidence in my Consumer team, but don't forget the Business team. The Business team is doing fixed wireless access as well, and they're doing mobility as well, and they have a great opportunity. Again, we use our platforms, the long-term strategy we put in, in order to be using sort of the same type of solutions to our customer base and that we can scale, and that's why we can do the guidance we do right now for 2022 and feeling good about it.

I'll let Matt start because I forgot the many questions. I have so many things in my head.

No. The only addition I would do is, of course, that when it comes to this initial build, I mean, the vast, vast majority is on sites we already have. We have said it before, it's the same grid as the 4G, which is great for us and how we do this. And then we have normal expansions over time, but that's nothing unusual. It's BAU.
When it comes to the performance of the C-band, this is a perfect sort of cliff hanger. It's a little bit early. Of course, we're excited, but we have Investor Day 3rd of March. And I think that if we tune in there, you'll probably get something about the performance on our C-band. 
But early into it, I'm really pleased what the technology team have done and our partners have done so far. But stay tuned for 3rd of March, and we will talk more about that.