Thank you, Brady, and a Happy New Year to all of you. First of all, 2020 was a challenging year. And I can only say that I'm super proud how Verizon responded to the changing environment during 2020. And we supported our customers, our employees and the society in a way that I've never seen before. So all in all, a great year. At the same time, we executed well on our strategy and saw that we had really good financial performance as well.  
When it comes to our 2020 strategic priorities, let me just walk through the execution of them. First of all, strengthening and grow the core business, I'm really proud to announce that we continue to have the best network in the nation. We just got for the 15th time the overall best network with RootMetrics on all 7 different categories. That includes 5G, which is so important to us that we continue to have that lead. I'm also happy to announce that we won for the 26th consecutive time the J.D. Powers Award. It tells a lot about our network and technology team, how they have been building a network and how we continue to lead this market.  
When it comes to the customer innovation, you have seen us working with our customers to give them richer offering and also even better performance of the network. This year, with Disney+, discovery+, also adding in the iPhone 5 from Apple has, of course, supported a lot of innovation that we're doing in the Verizon Consumer Group. And we see a great migration of our customers to unlimited and to the premium unlimited.  
Finally, you can see also that Verizon Business Group has a year of investments to see that we are putting a foundation to be even stronger for the future, had good growth in the wireless and also in some areas like the public sector, a very good performance and also adding a lot of new customers on the enterprise side. 
When it comes to us leveraging the assets to drive new growth, the commitments we did in February 2020 when it comes to 5G were all met or exceeded. I'm extremely happy with that. We now have 64 Ultra Wideband cities. We are more than 10 cities on our home 5G Ultra Wideband. We have 10 mobile edge compute centers public with Amazon. All in all, we deployed more than 5x more Ultra Wideband sites during 2020. And we launched the nationwide 5G that now is covering 230 million POPs in 2,700 cities.  
On the financial side, a strong year ended, where we had more than 2% growth in the wireless service revenue. We also have growth on our EPS in the fourth quarter, over 7%. We had an operational cash flow full year of USD 41.8 billion, which is a growth of 17%, a very strong year that put us in a good position when we go into 2021.  
And finally, we have a really large focus on how to include all our 4 stakeholders in the work we're doing. And I'm really proud of the Citizen Verizon that we launched during last year, which is a great way for us to see that the society aspect is part of our strategy, where, of course, our focus on being carbon neutral is very important. And the second green bond was launched at the second half of 2020. So all in all, I have to say, it was a very different year but a great execution, where we hit all our strategic milestones at the same time as we pivot and supported all our stakeholders.  
At the November sell-side event, I presented the 5 vectors of growth. Those are the vectors that is based on our strategy of Network-as-a-Service. Those are also the enablers for us to get to GDP+. We have great traction on them and we also have done quite a lot in 2020, all the way from the 5G adoption to the customer differentiation that I talked a lot about, the new markets that we're addressing, still pending the acquisition of TracFone, but we have other segments we are addressing as well as the next-generation business-to-business application based on our unique mobile edge compute offering that we have with Amazon, also now with Microsoft and many other partners. And finally, the network monetization with our MVNO partners, which are enjoying the best network that we have and we're building.  
All in all, this is built on the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network that we outlined some 3 years ago and giving us the opportunity to have great execution in the future. With that, I would like to hand over to Matt to go through the financials in a little bit more detail.

Thank you, Matt. Let me review the 2021 priorities based on the 4 pillars of strategic priorities. Starting with the core business, and as you heard Matt talking about accelerating the service revenue, I'm pleased that we're guiding for a plus 3% wireless service revenue growth in 2021. That's based on that we will continue to differentiate our value proposition for customers. We also will continue to invest in our Verizon Business Group to capture that potential we see in the Business segment with a new platform that we're developing together with our customers.  
When it comes to our 5G and investing in our business, we have a big year in front of us in 2021. Again, we're going to almost double the amount of 5G Ultra Wideband sites. We're going to have 14,000 new sites coming in during 2021. That will enable us to continue to increase with plus 20 cities when it comes to 5G Ultra Wideband. And we're also going to add some plus 20 5G Home cities, at the same time, focusing very much on the 5G mobile edge compute with 10 more sites when it comes to the public side. And then on the private side, we will scale that network together with the demand that has come as we know already, all underpinned with the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network and the fiber that we are deploying.  
When it comes to the financial, Matt talked about that we continue to focus on the accelerating the earnings per share growth, now with a guidance of $5 to $5.15 earnings per share. The year 2020 solidified our balance sheet. And we will be continued focused on the cash flow generation.  
And finally, when it comes to our culture and our purpose, we have very much focused on the customer-centricity and the brand strength that we have built in the market. That will continue as well as we will have also the Citizen Verizon totally included in the overall strategy. You see that we are managing all the 4 stakeholders that is making the success for Verizon in the future.  
So very clear, a year of execution. We have progressed 1 more year on the Verizon 2.0. We're in a great position. I'm really excited to go into 2021. I'm pleased to announce that we will have our normal Investor Day in the early part of 2021. We will come back with the exact date in due time.  
And by that, I would like to hand over to Brady for Q&A.

Thank you, Phil. Let me start by the subscribers then. I mean, first of all, we came into the third quarter already, I mean, we have our model with the migration of customers, giving them a better network and a better experience. And that is really how we are managing our base. And we came with a good momentum in the third quarter. And as you saw in the fourth quarter, we had service revenue growing more than 2% as we said also in the guidance. 
That's so important for us because we have a model, where our net addition is part of our strategy, how we move them up. And as Matt said, we have now more than 60% of our customers on unlimited. But more important, I mean, if you look in the fourth quarter, 90% of the new net adds took unlimited. And out of those, 55% took premium. And the premium is, of course, where we are adding in the 5G, we're adding in discovery+, Disney+. The way that our -- that Ronan and his team has worked with this migration pattern, we believe -- and as you heard in the guidance that Matt talked about, we believe that we can continue that work with organic service -- wireless service revenue growth with the model we now have. And we have proven the model over the years.  
And let's also remember the Business side has performed very well when it comes to the wireless account. I mean we are so strong with the public sector, with the large enterprises on the wireless side. So that is giving us a lot of positives going into 2021 with the guidance we have of continued service revenue growth on the wireless side. And we'll constantly measure what the actions we're taking, but we feel good about it. 
When it comes to the fiber question, yes, we continue to roll out fiber. We are probably in the year 3 or 4 right now. We -- I would say with the majority or vast majority of all the 5G sites, they have our own fiber. We are migrating our 4G sites also, where it's a good return on investment to our own fiber. And over time, we will also open up opportunities for resell to our enterprise customers and wholesale. So I think that we are seeing that benefit already on the 5G build because we are using our own fiber.  
To get the full impact, we also have a couple of years left in order to have it in all the areas. But we have come a far way on the fiber build, and we will continue to do it where it makes sense for a return on investment. So we feel really good about that. And that's part of our Verizon Intelligent Edge Network.

I can start with the latter question, and Matt can come back to the first. So when it comes to our guidance for EPS in 2021, of course, there are uncertainties of the pandemic and so on. But some things we know. I mean the roaming charges will continue to be a headwind. We also think that as the pandemic and economic recoveries is coming back probably latter part of '21, the public sector will not have an equally strong year as they had in 2020. We also believe the SMB will continue to be subdued and have a challenge in '21. And as we saw during the full year, the switcher pool has been lower due to the traffic in the stores, et cetera. So that's were factored in.  
But on the other hand, we have line of sight to what we're doing because we're executing on a strategy when it comes to migration of our customers, what we're doing in Verizon Business Group and also Verizon Media Group. As Matt said, I mean, they were now, for the first time ever, have a year-on-year growth with 11%. All in all, that is giving us the confidence that we can live up to this guidance. But there are some uncertainties and there are some headwinds from COVID. But we think that with those assumptions we have, we can actually do this. And this is continued work with the EPS growth and acceleration that we have talked about for so many years right now. And we continue to show that we can do it with the assets we have and how we're executing. Matt?

Yes, absolutely. No, we're excited about the 5G in 2021. I mean, on the mobility side, we're already seeing monetization happening. I mean, in the fourth quarter, with so many customers taking the premium and going for unlimited, that's sort of where we have our sweet spot with the 5G. And of course, with the Apple iPhone right now in 5G, that has now kicked off that. So that you will see through the year when it comes to our mobility case.  
When it comes to 5G Home, we have very solid progress in 2020, came out with this new city. We added some 12 cities now with 5G Home with the NR technology. And our plan is doing 20-plus markets more in 2021. So now we're starting to get a solid foundation for the 5G Home. And as you heard in my remarks, I mean, we are doubling the amount of sites almost in 2021. So we're now getting to a very, very solid positioning there.  
But I said before, on the Ultra Wideband build, we're building it mainly in the dense urban areas and then in stadiums, et cetera, in the beginning. So we covered less of houses or residentials in the beginning. But as these continue right now, we're capturing more and more. So I'm really excited. We also know that the CPE is really good. So -- and the self-install is working well. So we're looking forward to seeing that happening over the year more and more.  
On the 5G mobile edge compute, we have a great funnel of customers on the Business side. And we are not expecting that will be in significant revenues in the '21. But you're going to see a lot of customers signing up for the 5G mobile edge compute, both the private and the public, in '21 in order for us to have a very solid base going into '22. 
So a lot of excitement around 5G. I think we have built it absolutely right. We have an opportunity in front of us that we have been working on for a couple of years right now. So I'm happy with my sales team. I'm happy with the technology team. And we have a big year in front of us.

Let me start. I mean on the 3% growth, I think we have our strategy when it comes to how to grow it with the migration of customers and all of that. And as always, the team is validating how to make offerings, if we should be more aggressive or not. But we always think about doing long-term positive impact for our shareholders financially. And you have seen us now working for the last 2.5 years since we launched unlimited, we are doing the right things in order to make a long-term impact positively for shareholders and for our customers. 
And so especially Ronan and the team there have quite a lot in the portfolio, but we have now proven that this model is working when it comes to migration of unlimited with the best network and adding in also new value-added services, everything from Disney+ to discovery+, Apple Music, and it might be more coming up in the year as well. So I'm confident that the guys have that in the portfolio. And as you heard about the Disney+, it's -- I think it's just unheard of how we can help direct to consumers. I mean 2/3 are signing up or more than 2/3 are signing up to continue the service after 1 year. I think that is something standing out.  
On the EBITDA, I will -- Matt will come back later on. But I can say that we continued with efficiency. And it's a reason why we are giving a guidance that we will grow the EPS again. And the majority or all of it is basically above the line, as Matt said. So this is operational improvements and improvements as we are growing our top line. Again, we have proven the model, the 5 vectors of growth. And now we're in the middle of executing. 
And finally, on CapEx, this is what we need to do right now. We -- the technology team has all the means they have to execute on a strategy with assets we have today. The only thing I can say, as I said I'm not sure 100 times before, we will only increase CapEx if we find something that has a really good return on investment. And then we'll come back and talk about it. Right now, we have everything that we need to execute the plans that we have in front of us.

Thank you. On the Verizon Media Group, I just want to remember you that we started this journey somewhere in 2018, resetting the overall strategy of Verizon Media Group. We started with that. We started to take out cost. We changed the product portfolio. We went into a very clear brand value of trust and privacy. 
The team has just done an outstanding job. I mean they have been bringing this from sort of going down with a decrease in growth of 15% to 20% per quarter. And now they're turning around with extremely sharp products as including also consolidating some, I'm not sure if it was 10 or 15 different ad tech platforms to 1. I think it's a great -- we have put them in a position that we're really happy with. So I'm looking for how these guys will execute. And we are now in the position where I wanted it to be.

Thank you. First of all, I think the competitive landscape is always there and competition is also equal. I think that we just have a little bit different strategy. I mean, first of all, quality net adds is for us very, very important. And as you can see, we are adding these very important net adds. We want quality customers that likes our network, that likes our offerings and our experience. And if you look at what we have done in the last 2.5 years with our migration story, that's exactly what we have done. And that's what you see impact in the fourth quarter. 
We're growing our service revenue as well as the guidance for next year. So we are confident with the strategy we have, and that might not be the same strategy that others have, that we can grow. And that's part of the 5 growth vectors we have to get to GDP+. And with the guidance that Matt gave or we gave with plus 3% on the wireless service revenue, I think we have all the confidence in the model we have and how we'll work with. But it's also true that the switcher pool during 2020 in the fourth quarter was lower due to COVID, less traffic and all of that. So -- but all in all, we are very pleased with the high-quality net additions that we are getting and that we can create growth with that and continues on. Matt?

Thank you, Craig. No, first of all, you're absolutely right. On the wireless side, our D2C strategy is great. We have a platform that nobody else when it comes to distribution, brand and network. And we can cope with this. We're not going to have 100 different type of offerings. But the discovery+, the Disney+, they are sort of super A brands that we want to work with or Apple Music. We will look for more of these to see that they're fitting into our customer base, that they like it and are willing both to upgrade and migrate. So we'll continue with that. 
On the Fios side, of course, we will continue with the video right now. But you have seen us also, starting with Mix & Match, starting to shop up this because ultimately, I want our customers to have choices. And I want them to choose. If they want the D2C solution or if they want a linear or they want over-the-top, they should be able to choose it. And look at the numbers in the fourth quarter again. We continue to grow our Fios Internet customers and we have a decline in the video customers. That's good for us, I mean, financially. But ultimately, it is to meet our customers' needs. 
And I think the whole setup that we did in Verizon 2.0 is just catered for us to do things that we never thought about before. We have a Consumer division thinking about how are we now delivering to consumers. And that's what you see in the numbers. That's what you see in the numbers that we have. We have the same in Verizon Business Group. They are thinking totally different we have done before. And we still have more to do with platforms and things to be even more scalable and be able to bring more to the bottom line. But I have to say, I'm pleased. And I hope that you guys, what you see, are pleased as well. I mean the strategy is working. We have the 5 vectors of growth. We're going into 2021, we have proof points on all those 5, including the video strategy you asked about.

Thank you. I will start and will let Matt make some comments as well. But on the postpaid churn, I think that we are just having a great moment with our customers. They love our network and the performance we have and the additions we're doing with 5G and 5G Ultra Wideband. At the same time, our offerings are so distinct and different than anybody else in the market, where they can go to the unlimited premium together with discovery+ or Disney+ or Disney+ plus, plus. We have ESPN and Hulu included. I think nobody else has those type of things in the market. And our partners, at least if you ask them, I think you should, are very happy and pleased on how we can deal with this. We are happy with it, both from a retention but also from a bottom line side. We were making money on this, which is the whole idea with the Network-as-a-Service that we're building on the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network. 
On the wireline side, I think the whole idea of the Verizon Business Group is really to see that we are working these year-over-year. This is nothing that you fix in a month or a quarter or 2. This is things that we need to invest in a billing system, direct-to-consumer, call centers, everything being set up to deliver scalable platforms for our customer in the Business side. That will, over time, improve our margins in the Verizon Business Group. And I think that if you look at 2020, I mean, it was a good performance of them, still doing investments in order to get where we want to get over time. And then we add to that new opportunities, like 5G mobile edge compute. Matt?

When we talk about devices and what's happening with the upgrades and so on, I mean, remember also that the Apple 5G phone came out, I would say, late in the fourth quarter. That's when this all started, at the same time as we had the pandemic. Still, I would say we are very pleased what we have seen with our customer migrating to 5G. Remember, we have a fair share or a big share of Apple users in our base. 
So I think that this is a pretty normal, maybe some a little bit subdued, but it's very normal upgrade cycle that we will see. And 5G will just getting better and better. I mean that's what's happening. I mean we are fortifying our network. We're improving the performance constantly. I remember when I talked about Ultra Wideband reaching maybe 1 gigabit per second, now we're up to 4, 5. So there's so much more to do. And the same goes for our nationwide, improving all the time, performance better. So I think that is coming together as the accessibility to phones are coming out much more and all the main brands have a 5G phone and all of them with ultra wideband. 
So I think that we will see that continuing into '21 and '22. But there are longer cycles today when it comes to customers migrating to new phone. They're very attached to it. But I think this is no different than 4G cycle. I think we actually are -- this is going faster than the 4G cycle. It's just that our memories are so short, so we don't remember that. But clearly, this is equal to, to better than what we saw in the 4G cycle that happened some 10 years ago, which I refer to myself when I talk about my memory, so nobody else. Okay, Matt.

I think that was outlined the guidance for 2021. We are looking for profitable growth. And that is how Verizon has worked as long as I recall. Now I haven't been here all my life, but we work with profitable growth. And that is in the Consumer group as well. We will see that we have the best offers for our customers and we will manage our P&L at the same time. And we will be aggressive, if it's needed, to get long-term effects. But as you can see from the guidance, it's a profitable growth we're looking for. We should be able to both grow as well as making that a profitable growth. And that's in the guidance.