Thank you, Brady, and thank you, everyone, for joining this fourth quarter earnings call. Let me summarize quickly a little bit everything we have done in 2019, which is building a great fundamental for 2020. The transformation is built on a network, process changes, brand changes, go-to-market changes, and of course, also a lot of new talent coming into our team. All that we're doing during 2019. 
We've fortified our network with new architecture. We had a lot of product changes with a voluntary program. We rebranded and put one brand for everything we're doing in the company. We made a new go-to market, including new management teams. That has been a big change in the company that is solidifying our way of accessing the market an even better way in 2020. So all that's happening, we continue to actually execute well on our day-to-day business. 
Our network continues to be the best in the market. We just had new confirmation from J.D. Power RootMetrics that, again, our network, our 4G network is clearly the best in the market. Very happy with the team that they keep up that work. 
The other thing that we have been very focused on is, of course, to continue to lead the market in wireless and -- for consumers. And here, we're seeing Ronan Dunne and his team continue with good pacing. Unlimited came out with new offerings, seeing that our customer getting optionality, optionality when it comes to the wireless offering, but also on the cable side within mix and match that we came out with earlier this year. 
We also added in a lot of partnership as we now have network service as a strategy. We added in the Apple Music, and more lately, of course, we included with Disney+. Both of them has been a win-win for both our partners, for our customers and for Verizon. And this is the strategy we want to have going forward. 
On the business side, we also did a lot of important partnerships where we had the same model. I think about the partnership with, for example, AWS Amazon on the 5G mobile edge compute, again, a totally new way of accessing a market that we have not been into. 
And speaking about 5G, we had our commitment, 30 cities. We made 31. We said we're going to launch 5G Home with the NR standard. We did that, and we said we're going to launch the first 5G mobile edge compute. We did that in Chicago in December. So all in all, a year with so much execution, and at the same time, continue to achieve what we want to do. 
And we round that up with our financials in the year and operational metrics. I'm really happy to report that we had our best year since 2013 when it comes to phone net adds, a growth of 28% year-over-year. And again, that is how our team has been working with a new model. 
And on the financial side, we continue to see that we had a good wireless service revenue over the year with 3.2% for the full year, which is the highest since 2014. And when it comes to our profitability, our EPS was up 2.1% within 2019 for the full year. And we continue to create strong cash flow, which is, of course, giving us the flexibility going forward to see that we can execute on our strategy. Ultimately, consumer group continued to have a very good year in 2019 with everything they're doing. The Verizon business group have, of course, the headwinds when it comes to the secular decline in the Wireline side at the same time as we're investing more in that area. We're investing in processes, tools and structures. And why is that important? It's so important because this is one of the greatest opportunities for growth for us when it comes to 5G and how we address the market. And I can tell you, during 2019, I met so many large corporations that we now can actually work with because our offering is so strong when it comes to fiber and 5G. But we need to put that structure in place for the Verizon business group in order for them to actually both execute on the revenue side, but also on the cost side. And that's really what we're focused on. 
Ultimately, I think we have created a very strong fundamental for going into 2020. And if you think about our priorities for 2020, first of all, continue to grow on the core business. I mean we showed this year we can continue to grow 4G and our core businesses, and that we'll continue to do in 2020 as well, including building our network to be the best network in this market. 
Secondly is leveraging our new assets that we're building. We're building on fiber. We're building our 5G and seeing that we can start leveraging that with our customer. And I think that this year, we'll continue to have a lot of focus on our 5G build and what we're doing in 5G, and we will come back to that later on how we see the 5G market when we will have an Investor Day later in February. 
So the third priority in 2020 is around our financials and our discipline there. And the ambition is to accelerate the growth in revenue and EPS in 2020 and continue to create strong cash flow as we did in 2019. But it's also to continue to have the discipline and efficiency in our CapEx and OpEx spend. That's very important because this is really driving us going forward being able to execute on our strategy. 
And the fourth priority around our customer centricity and our purpose-driven company, both are very important to engage with all our stakeholders, if it's the society, our employees or customers, to have that in our genes in the company every day. Here, we will drive a lot around thinking about the customers, giving them optionality as we did in 2019, we will just continue to do that. 
And when it comes to our responsibility to drive a responsible business, we laid out a lot of things in 2019, what we want to do, and combine our responsibility of our society with our strategy. We think that is strengthening us, as a company, to all our stakeholders. And ultimately, that will create even more value for all our stakeholders. So all in all, I think we have a really good platform coming into 2020. We are excited for it, and we hope that all of you are excited for 2020 as well. 
So by that, I hand over to Matt.

So Brett, I can start and -- so when it comes to the business group, you're right. I mean we had already impacts in the fourth quarter on our investment that we're doing in the business group. Matt mentioned some of them. If I go deeper, I mean, as we are now approaching the market with a full portfolio for our enterprise customers, small and medium customers, we need to get all our billing system, all our tools behind CRM, et cetera, actually, working in a customer dimension. And this hasn't been invested in before, and we just need to invest there. And that's why you see also in the guide that you say yourself, we're staying basically on your line of expectation. That means that at the end of the year, we will see impact of those sort of investments and then they're going to roll off. So part of these investments are, of course, one-timers investments we're doing and then it will go away because we just need to fix a couple of things in order to address the market in the right side -- on the right way. 
Secondly, the secular decline in wireline business, that is continuing. So that is sort of a little bit more sustainable. But that's why in the remarks on that, we said also that in '21, we'll see even more impact of the cost reductions we're doing, and then the revenue impact will start gradually coming '21, '22 in this side. But all in all, we're very excited about the opportunities that Verizon business group have because that's why we started building the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network some 3, 4 years ago in order to actually address this market in the best way, and the traction we are seeing with our customers is really good. 
But on your first question, if there is some impact in the fourth quarter, the answer is yes. Matt, anything to add?

So I can only add on to Matt, that, of course, this is part of our strategy. I mean since the launch of unlimited, we have constantly sort of developed our model to see that our customer can enjoy different type of packages in the mix and match, but we also had a very clear strategy. You see that our metered customers can be able to go up to unlimited, and that's why we made [ that ] move in August. And I mean, we see the payoffs here with the net adds. We roughly have, today, 50-50, metered and unlimited. So we see that the continuation of putting more value in the packages and seeing that we can actually get the journey for our customer coming into the unlimited is extremely good. And that's as a growth engine for us, and you have seen that in the second quarter -- or the second half of '19. So we have more to do here, but I think that the whole team of Ronan Dunne, et cetera, they are thinking about this. But also, don't forget, business side with Tami that have done a really good job with the wireless customers as well. So we're really encouraged when we see what we have done in the -- in our offerings and how that has responded well with the market. So we're happy with what we have seen in the last half year-end and give us encouragement for 2020.

Yes. As you saw that we had a strong CapEx coming into the fourth quarter, ultimately, I'm really happy about it. You can see that our pace is coming up here quite dramatically in what we're investing in right now. And the interesting thing is, of course, that since we launched the Verizon Intelligent Edge Network, we have constantly found a lot of efficiency in our CapEx build, and that, of course, is giving us possibilities to continue to do more and more. So I think that our technology department have no constraints on what they need to do in 2020. This is what they have plans for in order for us to continue to fortify our 4G network, to continue with strong additions in the 5G as well as continue with our fiber build. And when it comes to the monetization of the fiber build, we're already starting to do that. Of course, because many of the fibers right now are going to our cell sites on air because that was a part of it. Then, of course, it has come a little bit later in monetization for our small and medium businesses and enterprise business, et cetera. But clearly, we're already now seeing the benefits of doing that. 
So going into 2020, I think we have a very solid capital allocation for our CapEx. Matt and the team have worked with the technology team, and we are improving every year how we do this work. And of course, it's a lot of reallocation inside that '17 to '18. And if we go back 3 years, it's a dramatic change how we spend because of the new design on the network, but also the technology evolutions.

Okay. On the first question there. I mean Ronan Dunne already said in the beginning of the year that we're going to have some 20 5G devices coming out in the market this year. So of course, we're going to see more 5G devices coming out. It's going to be more build in the markets in 2020 than we had last year. So of course, this is a year that there is going to be even more 5G things coming in. 
When it comes to any particular phones coming out in the market, we cannot really comment on it because that, we'll leave to the company to do. But in general, of course, if this is a market which has a high degree of iOS, that means that when a 5G phone will come out from Apple, that will be important for many consumers to look into what they think is a good change. 
In our case, I think we're building a unique 5G experience with our millimeter wave that nobody else is building and have the capability to do. So I think that's really where the difference will come. I mean we already have the best 4G network as you have seen in the latest J.D. Power and RootMetrics. We're going to continue to have that. So we're going to give the best experience for customers. And we -- and I'm confident that how we are building the network will make a big difference. And that's why we also feel very confident if -- with all these devices coming out, including if the iPhone would come out, that we will have a good chance to actually grab more customers that want to be on our network. 
When it comes to the spectrum and all of that, I mean, I think that I might have talked about this so many times. I mean one thing is, of course, that we, first of all, have all the assets to deploy our 5G strategy when it comes to millimeter wave and using dynamic spectrum sharing, be [ available ] nationwide when our customers are ready. So I think that's clear. 
I think that another thing that is very clear that spectrum is not the only thing that is needed to do a great network. Think about what I have seen. I worked with 400 carriers around the world in my life. It is a lot of carriers, have a lot of spectrum. They don't have a great network. I mean they don't use it in the right way. I came to this company because these companies invest on the world how to deal with data. Everything from spectrum to how you densify networks and what type of software you put in, and that's a long-term planning how to do that right. And I think that's something where you -- or people around us go wrong when they look at us because think about how we have been performing, and many actually thought that we would never sustain an unlimited. And the more the network is growing, we're getting more and more headroom as we're continuing deploying our software and the engineering capabilities we have in the company. So again, we feel good about the position we have. Of course, as we all know, there might come out, the C-band. And we're, of course, encouraged about the FCC's plan of doing that. We think the C-band is an important spectrum for many reasons. I mean first of all, it's one of the global spectrums, that frequency will be global. So roaming will be done on it, and that's very important for U.S. market to get into that. And it's very important for Verizon to get into that. So I think -- but it's not hindering our strategy right now to deploy a great 5G network and be able to capture the market on 5G.

Thank you. On the CBRS, as you know, we have already started for quite a long time ago to do trials and see how it works, and it works fine. We think it's a good addition to the portfolio that in order to see that we get good customer expectations. So we think CBRS is an important spectrum, even though it is sort of more share than anything else, but it's going to be definitely something we're using as it comes out. 
Secondly, when it comes to the 5G Home, I mean, you're confirming, actually what we have in front of us. The next-generation chipset that goes into the CP for 5G Home will come out. At least, the plan right now is in third quarter, which means that commercial product is probably coming out a little bit later because it takes some time from the chipset to the device. By then, we will have, of course, deployed far more millimeter wave across the country, so we will be able to start launching many more markets when that happens. So that will come back to a little bit more about that when have our Investor Day the 13th of February, talk a little bit more about it. But that's in the grand scheme, the plans for 5G Home, and that's no different from what we said half a year ago.

Thank you. I think when it comes to the mix and match, we want to give our customers optionality on top of the broadband. If it's the fiber broadband or if it's the 5G Home broadband, we want to give them optionality. Of course, one optionality is always to have a broadband and having over-the-top services. But another is, of course, giving the mix and match optionality right now to see that they use the right packages that is more fitted for them. Still, of course, it's not that you can choose whatever channels you have because they come in packages. But the early -- or early indication is, of course, that customers that has been on trial for a month, they clearly see what channels they're using and what package we can suggest for that, that is going to be more optimized. 
So I think for us, we just think about our customers and where the market is going, and we want to give them the optionality of actually having different ways they can address the market when it comes to their content consumptions. And I think it's good for our customer experience, but it's also good for our customers because all of them can do it. So as you said, it's a little bit early, but I think that our customers are very happy that we're giving them this optionality. And I think this is, of course, what everyone see where the market is going, meaning more and more over-the-top content is coming in and you want -- you need to start mixing and matching that. And here, we have a great opportunity given our service strategy, and we can work with all the type of optionality in the content market as we're not owning any content.

On the fiber side, I mean, I think, first of all, I mean, we said it in -- a couple of times during '19. We're starting to get on the level of sort of activity per month and quarter right now that we were planning from the beginning. It took us some 2 years to get up to that pace. The team is really good at it right now. We can get much more scalability around it than the way we're doing it. Remember also, we always do the trade-off between owning and leasing or sharing with someone, and that is a very prudent or financially disciplined way of looking at our deployment. In many cases, we see it as owning it has really an advantage for us because of the multiuse of our network. Now we're doing sites all the time. We're going to create revenue for our business side. So we probably have a couple of years left on doing that. But in general, I feel good about the pace we have right now and the multiuse of the fiber we have. And I think this is one of the most critical assets in a network today -- in today's world, especially as we build Verizon Intelligent Edge Network and you want actually to start delivering the 5G experience that we're expecting. We need this fiber to be there. So that's basically where we are with the fiber.

Yes. On the DSS, the dynamic spectrum sharing, as you have seen some PR, we're done. We have already gotten this to work from the software point of view. And the majority of our baseband is ready for taking DSS. So what we have said, I'm not going to give you an exact date, but I'm going to tell you, we're going to be ready when we feel the market is ready and our customers need to have that coverage. 
And again, remember, we want to have the best network performance-wise. We don't want to deploy it because it's called 5G. We want to see that we actually give a superior performance to our customers. And that's why we think that the millimeter wave, what we're doing there is extremely important because we talked about 10 to 20x, at least more throughput and speed than we have on the 4G network, and we still have the best 4G network. So I think that's what we already assessed. When we meet at the Investor Day, we're going to talk a little bit more about the technology sector. We'll get a little bit more in-depth around that. 
When it comes to the 5G and where we are, I think that you saw last year that we had a strong deployment coming in during '19, but of course, we have even higher ambitions in '20. And we will also come back and talk a little bit about -- more about that. But it goes in all 3 directions in our multipurpose network. It's for the mobility case, for the home case, and it's also for the 5G mobile edge compute case, not forgetting that, because all 3 of them are using our multipurpose network. And when it comes to use cases, I can do some of them. But of course, on the mobile edge compute, we see a lot of automization in factories. We see private -- we see private 5G networks in order to keep the data and the security and the throughput in a facility, if that's a campus, whatever, that use case has come up very early on. 
On the consumer side, I guess, there's sort of a big event coming up here on Sunday. It's called Football, American Football, and you're going to see quite a lot on 5G experience there. What we can do with millimeter wave in the stadium, how we can use broadcasting cameras with 5G, a lot of new innovation, both with consumer, but also for the distribution of content. With our spectrum positioning, we basically are limited on the uplink when it comes to stadiums, which is the big blocker today in a stadium. So I think you're going to see quite a lot next, I'd say, 4 or 5 days on consumer cases as well as we will continue to give you more insights to it the next couple of weeks and when we meet in New York here.

On the MNO, so I can -- as we're having it as Service as a Strategy, this is important relationships for us. That's how we want to get monetization better than anybody else on our capital investments and that's [ why we're ] Building a network. We are managing a multitude of stakeholders and the MNOs are important. It's an ongoing relationship. And we really think it's important relationships, so that's us any sort of large enterprises. We see that we have both agile on the technology side and having good conversations with them, but it's no different from another enterprise you would have. So -- and I think it's a win-win for both of us. And hopefully, they see equally good value having MNO on top of the best network in the country. At the same time as we see a value over there as well. 
So we will continue to be there. And it's hard for me to comment what my competitors are saying about it. I'm not sure what insights they have. But again, we feel good about our relationship, and we will continue to see that we are managing it as any very important customer.

Okay. I will be brief on this one. I think we have talked about all the relevant things for Q4, 2019 and 2020, and as I said, we have our Investor Day coming up here in February. 
So -- but all in all, I reinforce that we did a lot of transformation in 2019. The team and the organization has really responded well to it. That goes all the way from a network change to our organization change, to our voluntary program, branding and all of that went on, and at the same time, we've delivered a strong result. And I think we have set us up ourselves for actually continued good role. We have said that long term, we have -- would like to have growth of GDP plus. I think the guide this year is an acceleration compared to '19, which means that the confidence level is going up, what we can do with the core assets we have. And we still sort of have told you where 5G will come in, which is more of 2021. So we work with assets we have right now, but we build also a great foundation on 5G going forward for the years after. 
So all in all, I think the whole team, the executive team and the company feel excited coming into 2020, and that's how I sum it up. Thank you very much for being on this call.