Thank you, Brady, and thank you, everyone, for joining this earnings call. Let me reiterate what I said in the -- after the first quarter. We are in unprecedented times with multiple crises and a business that we need to run at the same time. I can only say to all of you I'm extremely proud of how Verizon and our employees have responded to all of it. 
I think of this quarter as a quarter where the stakeholder capitalism strategy of Verizon really beared fruit. I have reported many earnings calls in my life. This quarter comes together with good support to our employees, a great support to our customers when it comes to our network and our flexibility, a big contribution to our society when it comes to how we are acting and supporting the society in these tough times, but also a very good and solid financial result for our shareholders. That's a really good sort of ending of the second quarter or the first half of a very unprecedented year. 
We have continued as a leadership team to work in a 3-pronged governance. Part of our team is working with the daily crisis to see that we are doing the right things and with the right priorities in this pandemic, economical downturn, racial injustice that is ongoing in the country. The second part is, of course, working business as usual and seeing that we continue to lead and deliver results for all our stakeholders. And finally, the third prong is to work with what are opportunities created from this pandemic, economical downturn so we come out even stronger as a company after this, coming out to a new normal. 
Our strategy and our underlying strategic priorities has not changed during this time. They have reconfirmed that we are on the right path with our network and service and our go-to-market. Many of the things that we outlined in the Verizon 2.0 are really playing a vital role for us being able to deliver to all our stakeholders, especially to our customers in times like this. 
One of the transformations was, of course, to have a purpose-driven company where our employees are very engaged and excited of our future but also seeing that we're doing the right thing for our society. If I look back on the first half and looking back on our response to the COVID-19, I think we have done very well. We have decided to prioritize the health and safety of our employees. Not only that, we have also started to return to office with very safe protocols to see that our employees actually can work in the offices if they wanted to. 
But if you then look at our frontline, which never closed and never worked from home, they have continued to innovate. They innovate with curbside delivery in our stores, Fios in a box, et cetera. And as Matt will later on talk about, we have seen a great uptake on those innovations when we look into the latter part on the second quarter. 
If we then talk about the racial injustice that we have seen in the country the last couple of months, I'm also proud for how we have really brought that together with our team to discuss this, having a conversation in the company but also with our partners and externally. No one can say we have done enough, and we just need to continue to do that. At the same time, we have donated money for some of the most important foundation that can support that transformation. 
Finally, I am also proud that we have packaged all our activities that we are doing for our social stakeholders in what we call the Citizen Verizon. I will not dwell on that today, but it's an important piece of our overall strategy. 
In addition to serving our employees and society, we have, of course, also been very focused on executing on our core business and our core strategies and continued to develop our platform for the network and service. I'm extremely pleased to report that once again, for the 25th time, we are winning the award for the best LTE network from J.D. Power. I have to say the engineers in Verizon continue to amaze me, and they will continue to do so in the future. 
Remember, in February, we made some bold statements about our deployment of 5G in 2020, all the way from mobile edge compute, 5G Home cities, 5x more small cells on 5G and some 60 cities on 5G Ultra Wideband as well as a nationwide coverage on 5G with DSS. I'm happy to report we're on track on that and in some cases, even ahead of the plan. We have continued to deploy our technology. Our test with DSS is going very well. And as well, we have launched some of the 60 markets when it comes to mobility and some additional markets on 5G Home. However, you're going to see that in the second half of this year, we have a lot of new things happening and building on the foundation of the strategy and the strategic priorities that Verizon has outlined in the last couple of years. 
If you then look into the different segments. And first of all, starting with Verizon Consumer Group, in the second quarter, continued to gain improvements when it comes to the customer loyalty, not only in measurement but also by creating new services. We saw them coming out with a Verizon credit card in the second quarter, and they continue to gain a lot of accounts based on their Mix & Match and the way we have developed the ladder with different unlimited offerings. I'm really happy with what Ronan and his team has done, and you're going to see in the financials and operating numbers that even with the challenges we had, they have performed very well. 
If you look at the Verizon Business Group that are in the middle of the transformation, and I have to say, the way they are now dealing with customers are bearing a lot of fruit. They are progressing well with the transformation, and I'm also happy to report the acquisition we did in the second quarter of BlueJeans are performing well. And the growth, both on usage and new customers, are continuing to go very well. And I was also happy last week to announce a large partnership with Airtel, one of the largest carriers in the world, to use BlueJeans for their corporate customers in India. 
Finally on the Verizon Business Group, 5G mobile edge compute, an important piece of our growth strategy. We have said that we're going to have 10 5G mobile edge compute sites this year deployed. And now we also start gearing up our partners. We have announced IBM and we also talked about SAP as 2 very important application providers that's going to take part on our deployment and that we are collaborating with right now. So we're creating a lot of excitement around the 5G mobile edge compute and a lot more to come in the second half. 
Finally, Verizon Media Group, of course, being impacted by the advertising market coming down. We see them coming back a little bit in June. But anyhow, they have done also quite a lot of work to see that we continue to create more monthly active users on our owned and operated properties. And they also made an agreement with Walmart, which is, of course, one of the largest companies on earth to see that they are using Yahoo Mail as a grocery and purchasing platform. 
Finally, our financial team under Matt has continued to do good work on our balance sheet. We are coming out from the quarter with elevated liquidity. But not only that, we have continued to work well on our net debt, and we have reached credit metrics levels similar to pre-Vodafone level. So that's really good work by the team. 
If we look into the financials of the second quarter, and Matt will cover that in more length. I only want to say that we had a very good quarter. We show resilience. Of course, there are challenges in certain customer groups like Verizon Media Group small and medium businesses, but many others have actually been performing well. 
We also need to remember in the quarter, we have had not all our stores open when it comes to consumers as well as limited sort of visiting hours, et cetera. However, if you see in the momentum we created on the consumer side, we added 26,000 consumer postpaid accounts this quarter, which is, I would say, good work compared to what we had lost 1 year ago in the second quarter. We also are on historical lows on our churn. And all in all, that is giving us a good EBITDA in the Verizon Consumer Group. 
Finally, I just want to highlight very strong cash flow. Of course, we have some extraordinary tax items there, but in general, it was a strong cash flow quarter. And as Matt will talk about with you later, we have not increased our bad debt reserves in the second quarter, and he will also allude to we have good metrics when it comes to what happened in June compared to the rest of the quarter. 
So all in all, I think we have executed well for all our 4 stakeholders in this quarter. And by that, I hand it over to Matt to go through the financials in more detail.

Thank you, Matt. And let me summarize a little bit where I think we stand when we're now entering the second half of 2020. First of all, I think we are entering with strong fundamentals. We have the network that is performing very well. I talked about the J.D. Power, and the LTE network is really performing well. 
We're entering the second part of 2020 with a growth mindset with a lot of key strategic partnership as well as activities. Our 5G are, of course, of essence coming into the second half but has already been built in as we are building so much in the first half. The way we have been dealing with the pandemic and all the other crisis will continue, of course, in the second half. And I think we are coming in with a good foundation, with a strong brand, but also a strong employee sentiment, how we are actually dealing with the situation. 
And as I said before, Matt has prepared the balance sheet for us to be strong when it comes to going into the second half. And if I look into the second half of 2020, we are, of course, excited for scaling the 5G to nationwide, scaling the Ultra Wideband to over 60 cities, scaling the 5G Home to more than 10 cities and of course, start monetizing that. That's going to be a key focus for our executive team as well as capturing all the opportunities especially on the 5G mobile edge compute with our business-to-business applications and the way we're working with our partners as well as the partners that we have acquired like BlueJeans. 
Finally, we also have a lot of customer innovation when it comes to our Mix & Match as well as how we're seeing that our customer can follow us on the journey all the way from the metered plan up to unlimited plan. And as we've heard previously, the way that Ronan and the Verizon Consumer Group has been working in the second quarter, we have continued to gain success with our unlimited. Our customers are moving together with us up the ladder. 
And we also continued expanding into new customer groups with Visible, Yahoo Mobile and others. And we are working to see that we are addressing the full market and the opportunities regardless how the second half will look like in 2020. So all in all, I think we are in a very good position for executing and leveraging all the things we now have prepared in the last 18 months. 
So by that, let me kick it back to Brady for starting the Q&A.

I can start, and Matt will chip in. I can say that in the quarter, Simon, we have met so many enterprise customers. And yes, there are, of course, some that are more hit than others that, of course, have their recourse on the IT budget. But the majority of the large enterprises, they feel that this is the time to digitalize. This is the time to actually use the momentum to be more digital using capabilities all the way from SD-WAN to video conferencing to 5G mobile edge compute. So I actually see a very good momentum with this type of customers, and I just wanted to chip in there before Matt comes in and comment to COVID-19 impacts. So Matt?

David, let me start on the millimeter wave discussion about that. So as I said, we are on plan to deploy more than 5x more millimeter wave base station this year compared to last year. So the footprint will be much broader. And we will be into 60 cities, and those cities will be much more covered than they were last year. 
So -- and we are disclosing that -- usually on a fairly frequent basis, how that map is growing. As you've seen, we have launched fairly few markets in the first half when it comes to the 60. So you should expect quite a lot of noise from us in the second half, and we're really excited about that. 
But you also need to think about our model will also include the nationwide. So think about our model being a millimeter wave that is transformative. No one is even close to it in the world. Then we will have a national coverage on top of that. And then in the bottom, we have the best 4G network in the world. I mean I don't think that our customer would be disappointed with that. We build things that are transformative, that are so different than the others. 
So I would be excited for the second year if I would be you. I mean this is time when it's crunch time for Verizon. We have been here -- I've been talking about this for 1.5 years. I think our customers will be very excited in the second half. Matt?

Matt, I think you are on mute.

Thank you. And about the CapEx, I mean, I'm just looking back at 3 years I have been in Verizon. Even though the overall absolute number of CapEx has been very stable, what is inside is dramatically changed all the time because we, together with our engineering team, is all the time doing the right priorities, given the assets we have. I mean you think -- 1 year ago, we didn't talk about DSS. But of course, our team was working to prepare all the networks so we can actually deploy DSS in all the radio base stations we have. 
So we constantly are ahead of the game, thinking where -- what is needed to be preparing for the network. So I think -- but right now, our focus is very much about the commitment we have to our customers when it comes to 5G but also to keeping the best network on 4G. That's where we have it, and then do that fiber reach. 
Those are the priorities, and it will continue. So then in the speculation on future spectrum or something, that's a little bit early to have right now. But I can tell you my team is always proactively thinking about how to do this network to continue to be the best in America. I mean there's no debate about that. And I have a high confidence that they will continue to do so when it comes to our CapEx allocation as well.

Thank you, John. First of all, I mean, I think we're as prepared as we can be. I mean we have prepared ourselves with our models when it comes to Mix & Match on the consumer side. We have taken out costs. We have the best network. I feel very good about the competition. 
I mean we have always had competition. This is nothing new. And so I think Ronan and the team, because that's primarily where, I guess, your question is related to, I think they're well prepared. And as I said, I'm really excited for our second half and what we are doing right now. And we are prepared for it. 
And when it comes to 5G phones from Apple, I cannot comment on that. But of course, it's a big event whenever it comes because the U.S. market has a very high penetration on IOS. And of course, customers are reluctant to change between the different operating systems. So that's why 5G from Apple is a very important event. And especially if you have built a network like us, where it's so transformative that so many customers will be able to feel that transformation and that's different in usage of the network compared to some other networks, that will be not a big difference. So I'm excited. I think Ronan is super excited for going in the second half and compete. And we have been prepared for this for years. So -- and we have been doing it for years.

Thank you, Michael. Good questions. On the first one, on the bundling we're doing, I think this is a key differentiator for us. We have been able to do partnership with the greatest brands that we have on earth and combining that with the best network, the best brand and our distribution. And as I said several times before, our metrics has proven to be far better than we even initially thought, meaning how many is taking the premium from the beginning and how many were converting to paying customers. 
But not only that, I mean, it tells you a difference when you start comparing to competition. What do you get when you work with Verizon? You get not only the best network, you get some of the best services that are running at the moment. And I think that's unique for us, and that's why if you look at our churn numbers, we are record low. I mean I think that hangs together for us, and we will continue to do so. But we are very picky who we are choosing. It has to be the right brand. It has to be addressing our full customer base, that they really appreciate it. 
So again, the Verizon Consumer Group with the lead of Ronan and all the team, they are working with it daily. And I would say we have many services that want to join us because they have seen the model panning out in a very good fashion. I mean the examples, you are mentioning Disney+ or Apple Music, both of them have, I would say, been very successful for both parties, and that's how we see it. 
And for the 5G, when it comes to our commitment and what we outlined when it comes to our revenues, we have not changed those. Those are the same. We are gearing for sort of the consumer part of it, home and mobility, in '21 to see some revenues from there or -- and then in '22 from the 5G mobile edge compute. But you're going to see much more sort of milestones right now of customers, sites and all the early indicators of that -- we're heading into that. And that's what we're trying to provide you with. 
You see that now we are preparing for that with announcement. I mean if you think about the mobile edge compute, I mean just the last week, we announced partnership with IBM and with SAP. That's going to be part of the fiber -- the mobile edge compute in order to serve our customers. So you're going to see that's how we are doing sort of laying out early indicators on that path to revenue that we have outlined both internally as well as externally.

Thank you, Craig. Good questions. Let me start at the last question, and I'll come back to the other. When we see the customers -- I think that, first of all, when it comes to our governmental business, as you have seen, that has been really going well for the last few quarters here in the pandemic. Many of these states, municipalities, of course, need to go to new models of delivering services to the students or to the community at large. And that's why we have seen -- I mean we just announced yesterday several different states that are now using our services for remote learning, for example. 
So there, we see that there is a craving for actually going to digitalization. That's the only way, and that's not a onetime thing. For me, I think it's a new normal. We're going to see that going over. So I'm really encouraged about that and our strength working with these customers. 
Then, of course, there are some advanced customers. I mean you saw also earlier this week, we, together with the Defense Department, are now doing 5G tests, et cetera. So they're also both advanced, but also -- so there, I feel really good. We have a really good go-to-market. We have great network, which is the main thing here. 
Then on the enterprise side, you're absolutely right. Here you see a divider. I mean, of course, the travel enterprises, the airlines companies, the restaurants, large enterprises, they, of course, are in furlough and actually trying to reduce their cost as much as possible. But on the other hand, you have the large enterprise that actually see the change -- see the opportunity right now to transform. I probably do 5 to 7 large enterprises executive meetings per week right now, discussing how to do the digitalization of these enterprises. And many of them are accelerating the plans rather than delaying them. Then, of course, we know a lot of infrastructure is already in place on these enterprises, so still it takes time to do it. And this can be SD-WAN, video conferencing, fiber or whatever. So it's core things we sell today. 
Then you come to the 5G mobile edge compute. I think that the use cases we see today is very much real-time decision-making. If that's a big distribution center, that's going to have 5G-enabled distribution center to actually take real-time decisions. Or if it's a big manufacturing plant, that's going to use 5G mobile edge compute by wirelessly connecting to all the robotics. We're in many of those cases. And then you also see cases where sort of IoT devices with 5G will actually enable a new way of delivering a service. And finally, the whole VR and AR for large enterprises, where you need a low latency on the campus or on the -- in the manufacturing or whatever it might be. 
Those are the early cases. Many of them right now are based on low latency. We see it creeping into security because the data can then be contained with the company, meaning they can actually process and have all the processing and storage at the edge, which means they can keep the data for themselves. So those 2 capabilities are the first ones. I think in the next, we're going to see enormous bandwidth of enterprise that needs to send a lot of data to the edge in order to take decisions. But so far, latency and security, that's how the 5G mobile edge compute scenarios are working out. 
And we basically have 2, 3 -- or 2, I would say, industry vertical that are lead customer for us, and we work with them to do the solutions. And sometimes we're a third party as we don't have all application all set. That's how we're working it right now. And I'm encouraged. And of course, as I said before, acceleration has been seen because all the digitalization and touchless, that is needed going forward.

On the enterprise, I mean, to some extent, you are right because certain customers are delaying and not doing decisions. Those are usually in industries that has huge impact from COVID-19. That's extremely clear. 
But we work with them anyhow because ultimately, they are going to be our customers when these come out and those industries will flourish. So we are resilient. We support our customers in good and bad times. And that -- our business model is actually working in good and bad times, which is really, really good. So that's working. 
The comments on 5G Home from people that are not really doing it, of course, I cannot even comment on that. We feel really good about our model. As we have said before, minimum of 10 5G Home cities. We're going to have the CPE with much better chipset. That's on plan for this second half. So again, we feel good about it. 
Our learnings are deep on building coverage, throughputs and all of that. And the self-install, which I have been talking about now for 1.5 years, which excites me that our customers should be able to receive the gear, the CPE and be able to install it themselves in a short time frame. It's not that I'm down to the times that I have envisioned. I want it to be below 1 hour, but we have come far away from the 8 hours we started with. And compared to fiber installation, where you need to first put it on the agenda, you wait for a couple of weeks, then you have to come there and install it and it takes hours to do, this is a totally different way. It's transformative. As I said, we are building 5G that's transformative, not the me-too to my 4G.

I think we have answered the majority of the questions when it comes to how we can scale. And there are always things -- I mean we are at the forefront on technology. We're first in the world doing this, and there's no one even close of thinking like this. So of course, there are challenges. 
We as an executive team, we sit down once a month, the whole executive team, reviewing all these with our engineers to be better, all the way from the installation to the marketing. So I feel that we have a good plan. Of course, there are still things outstanding, and we can do better over time. But I think we're in a good place to relaunch. When the more powerful CPE is coming, that's what -- that should enable us to go into 2021 with a better understanding how we can scale it and where we will scale it. 
I think one thing that we have learned also is that, of course, fixed wireless access, we think a lot about consumers. But there is an opportunity clearly when you see this also as a fixed wireless access opportunity for small and medium business, et cetera, that we will start working on later on.