Thank you, Maurita, and good morning. Let me start by saying that all of us at Boeing have been deeply affected by the accidents in Indonesia and Ethiopia beyond anything I can recall in my 34 years with this great company. We all feel the loss and the gravity of these events personally, and we continue to extend our deepest sympathies to the families and loved ones of the passengers and crews onboard the flights. Nothing is more important to us than the safety of the flight crews and passengers who fly on our airplanes. We know every person who steps aboard one of our airplanes places their trust in us, and we are committed to earning and re-earning that trust and confidence. 
Recent events have been a deep reminder of the importance of our enduring values at Boeing: safety, quality and integrity, even more so in the difficult times we face now. Our work demands the utmost excellence. These recent accidents have intensified our commitment to continuous improvement as we design, build and support the safest airplanes in the sky. That's our responsibility to our customers and their passengers. We own it. 
I know from personal experience that when there's something that we can do to make any of our products better and safer, we will do it. If there's something that we can do to help our customers improve the training and education of their pilots or mechanics, we will bring that forward. If there's something that we can do to make airplane development programs or the certification process better and safer, we will pursue it. Our culture is to go above and beyond, to deliver safe airplanes and live by a commitment to continuous improvement. 
Ever since the Lion Air accident, our top technical experts, engineers and test pilots have been working with regulators from all over the world on a software update that will make the 737 MAX one of the safest airplanes ever to fly. Our test pilots now completed over 135 flights, totaling more than 230 hours of airtime with the software update. We are taking a disciplined approach, completed our technical flight testing last week and look forward to completing near-term milestones leading to final certification. 
As part of our continued collaboration with hundreds of stakeholders, nearly 90% of our 50-plus MAX operators around the world have participated in simulator sessions that include the software update. We're committed to ensuring all who operate the MAX are fully prepared when the grounding is lifted and the fleet returns to service. This includes a comprehensive package in -- of training and educational resources that we're developing and deploying. 
In light of our commitment to continually improve safety, as we have always done, I've asked the Boeing Board of Directors to establish a committee to review our company-wide policies and processes for the design and development of the airplanes we build and to assure the highest level of safety on the 737 MAX program as well as our other airplane programs and to recommend improvements to our policies and procedures. 
As we continue to work through these steps, and as previously announced, we adjusted the 737 production system temporarily from 52 aircraft per month to 42 per month to accommodate the pause in MAX deliveries, allowing us to prioritize additional resources to focus on safely returning the MAX to service. This decision will also enable us to invest in the broader health and quality of our production system and supply chain. We will continue to assess our production plans, and we'll make decisions at various waypoints as to whether further rate adjustments are needed based on information we have at that time. 
The timing of return to service for the MAX will continue to be paced by ongoing work with global regulators and our customers. Our previously issued 2019 financial guidance does not reflect the MAX impacts. Due to the uncertainty of the timing and conditions surrounding the return to service of the 737 MAX fleet, new guidance will be issued at a future date. 
I want to personally thank the various government agencies, our industry partners and my Boeing teammates for their tireless efforts over the past few weeks and months. This includes the more than 600 737 suppliers, many of whom are small to midsized businesses, who have stepped up to work with us as we navigate the 737 production plan changes. We could not build our airplanes without them. 
On behalf of the entire Boeing team, I also want to thank our customers and their passengers for enduring the disruption caused by this issue. We deeply regret the impact this has created. 
Our company's 100-year-plus legacy is built on the foundation of developing, producing and supporting safe products. We are committed to ensuring the 737 MAX achieves the highest standards for safety, performance and reliability. 
Now let me turn to an overview of our first quarter operating performance, followed by an update on the business environment and our expectations going forward. After that, Greg will walk you through the details of our financial results and how we are maintaining financial discipline and prudently managing liquidity as we work through the safe return to service of the MAX. 
With that, let's move to Slide 2. Thanks to the dedicated efforts of our teams across the company during the quarter, we recorded revenue of $22.9 billion and core earnings per share of $3.16, reflecting lower volume of 737 deliveries, partially offset by higher defense and services volume. We generated $2.8 billion of operating cash and paid $1.2 billion in dividends, reflecting a 20% increase in dividends per share from last year. 
Now let's look at the first quarter operating performance for our businesses. For the quarter, Commercial Airplanes generated revenue of $11.8 billion reflecting 149 deliveries. Fewer 737s were delivered in the quarter due to the grounding of the 737 MAX. We saw healthy widebody orders in the quarter, and our backlog remains robust at more than 5,600 airplanes worth $399 billion. Key commercial milestones in the quarter included the 787 program's smooth transition to rate 14 per month while maintaining the highest quality standards, and the first 777X flight test airplane rolled out after passing the factory gauntlet test. 777X flight testing will begin this year with first delivery and entry into service as scheduled for 2020. 
Now over to Defense, Space & Security. BDS reported first quarter revenue of $6.6 billion and booked $12 billion of new orders, demonstrating the value we bring to our customers across our Defense, Space & Security portfolio. These orders included a multiyear contract for 78 F-18 Super Hornets; contract for 5 Extra Large Unmanned Undersea Vehicles for the U.S. Navy; 5 E-7 AEW&C aircraft for the U.K. Royal Air Force; and 19 P-8 Poseidon aircraft for the U.S. Navy, Royal Norwegian Navy and the U.K. Royal Navy. Key milestones for BDS included completion of the first Ground-Based Midcourse Defense test with 2 interceptors, demonstrating the robustness of the system, successful environmental testing of the Commercial Crew spacecraft and the first flight of the SB>1 DEFIANT helicopter. We delivered the first 7 KC-46 Tankers to the U.S. Air Force in the quarter, with the eighth delivered just this past Friday. We are committed to continuous improvement in delivering the highest quality products to our customers. We look forward to working with the Air Force and the Navy during their initial operational test and evaluation of the KC-46 as we further demonstrate the operational capabilities of this next-generation aircraft across refueling, mobility and combat weapon systems missions. 
Turning to Global Services. BGS reported revenue of $4.6 billion, representing 17% growth year-on-year. Since its operations began in July of 2017, BGS' growth has consistently outpaced the average for the services market. BGS continues to win new business, highlighting the value we bring to our broad range of commercial and government customers and the strength of our One Boeing offerings. During the quarter, BGS won new business totaling approximately $4 billion, which included contracts for V-22 Performance-Based Logistics for the U.S. Navy and P-8A training for the U.K. Royal Air Force, an order for GECAS for 10 737-800 converted freighters and an agreement to optimize crew operations for Royal Air Maroc. Additionally, BGS expanded its global distribution of hardware and chemical products through a long-term agreement with Dubai-based Joramco. 
Also in the quarter, to expand its rapidly growing unparalleled digital services portfolio, BGS completed the acquisition of ForeFlight, a leading provider of innovative mobile- and web-based aviation applications. 
We also achieved a major milestone in our proposed strategic partnership with Embraer. On February 26, Embraer received its shareholder approval to proceed with the deal with over 97% support. Over the coming months, we'll continue to work with Embraer, global regulators and other stakeholders to complete the transaction and create the most important strategic partnership in the aerospace industry. 
In summary, our current first order of business is to -- is the safe return to service of the 737 MAX, and we've made the adjustments necessary to allow our teams to prioritize additional resources and focus on this effort. At the same time, we are maintaining our focus on keeping the business strong and healthy. As they demonstrated in the first quarter, our team continues to execute on operating performance and capture noteworthy additions to our large and diverse backlog. 
With that, let's turn to the business environment on Slide 3. We continue to see healthy global demand for our offerings in commercial; defense, space; and services. These are sizable sectors that are growing and backed by strong fundamentals, with a combined market opportunity of $8.1 trillion over the next 10 years. As a global company with more than 100 years of history and customers in 150 countries, we value and maintain strong relationships with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders around the world, reinforcing the mutual economic benefits of a strong and prosperous aerospace industry. Recent events underscore the value and importance of those relationships. 
In commercial aviation, global passenger traffic continues to grow faster than GDP and long-term trends. In 2018, we saw the ninth straight year of above trend growth passenger traffic. So far in 2019, passenger traffic has grown at 5.9% through February. 
On the air cargo market, we saw a contraction in the year-to-date traffic. While we expect the cargo traffic headwinds to linger in the near term, we anticipate recovery in the latter part of the year. 
Our view of the demand fundamentals remains unchanged. We remain highly confident in our industry outlook, which forecasts the demand for nearly 43,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years, which will help double the size of the global fleet. We believe the changing nature of travel has fundamentally expanded traffic patterns and supports sustained growth. At the same time, airlines are maintaining capacity discipline and keeping supply and demand in balance as industry profitability remains near historic highs. 
I will also note as an aside that there's a demand for nearly 800,000 qualified pilots over the next 20 years and around 750,000 maintenance technicians. And we, at Boeing, are committed to doing more to ensure that, that demand is met. You'll hear more from us on this as we work with global partners to develop the way forward. 
It is clear that long-term demand fundamentals provide a solid foundation for our commercial business. There also is more balance between airplanes purchased for fleet growth and replacement, leading to more stable purchasing patterns. We believe the evolution in these key market dynamics in aggregate continues to drive less cyclicality for our industry. 
The narrowbody segment will command the largest share of new deliveries. We expect airlines to need more than 31,000 single-aisle airplanes in the next 20 years. These new airplanes will continue to stimulate growth and provide required replacements for older, less efficient airplanes. Our 737 program has a backlog of more than 4,400 aircraft and a production skyline that is sold out into early next decade. 
In the widebody segment, we have seen steady orders for the 787 and the 777, and we have high confidence in a meaningful increase in widebody replacement demand early next decade. The current generation 777 continues its steady sales momentum with 2 new orders from DHL. These additional orders brought the backlog to 92 aircraft and provide further support for the 777 bridge. 
Turning to 777X. We added a new customer in the quarter with 18 new orders, plus 24 options from IAG Group, the parent or British Airways. We are honored that British Airways has selected the 777X as part of its fleet for its next century. These orders bring total 777X orders and commitments to 364, a strong foundation that supports our plan for ramping up production and delivery of this new aircraft. We continue to focus on further bolstering the 777X skyline. We continue to expect the delivery rate to be approximately 3.5 aircraft per month in 2019 as we transition to the 777X with a slight increase in 2020 as we continue to assess 777 demand as well as 777X timing. 
The 787 Dreamliner extended its status as the fastest-selling, twin-aisle jet in history with 38 net orders in the quarter, adding to more than 1,400 since the program launched. With approximately 600 aircraft in our 787 backlog, our current production rate of 14 airplanes per month is well supported. In the quarter, we captured 38 new orders for 787, including 20 from Lufthansa and 10 from Bamboo Airways. Also earlier this month, we delivered the first 787-10 to All Nippon Airways. With this milestone delivery, ANA becomes the first airline in Asia to operate the entire Dreamliner family. The market-leading fuel efficiency of the 787 has enabled ANA and more than 50 other airlines to open more than 230 new nonstop routes around the world. 
On our 767 program, we added 4 new 767 freighter orders in the quarter. And as previously announced, we plan to increase the 767 production rate from 2.5 per month to 3 per month in 2020. 
At Defense, Space & Security, we continue to see solid demand for our major platforms and programs. The BDS portfolio is well positioned with mature, world-class platforms to address current needs and innovative, capable and affordable new franchise programs to build the future. We continue to see broad support for our products from the Pentagon, NASA and Congress. The President's fiscal year 2020 budget proposal includes the purchase of Boeing F-15 and F-18 fighter jets, Apache and V-22 Osprey rotorcraft, JDAM weapons, satellite programs and key commercial derivative programs like the KC-46 Tanker and the P-8, among other platforms. 
Our fighter line is in one of the healthiest positions since the start of the decade. We continue to see support for the F-18 through the recent multiyear award, which will take deliveries through 2023. We expect to continue delivering Super Hornets off our production and service like modification lines to the U.S. Navy into the 2030s, where they will be at the forefront of naval aviation for decades to come. 
At the same time, the President's budget leverages billions of dollars on technology upgrades made by Allied Nations to pursue and purchase the next-generation Eagle, the F-15X, allowing U.S. Air Force to replace its fleet of F-15Cs with a more capable, survivable and affordable air superiority fighter. 
We are also maintaining a clear focus on future franchises, including the ongoing MQ-25 and T-X development programs with flight test scheduled for this year, our NASA Commercial Crew and Space Launch System programs at the leading edge of space exploration and the GBSD competition. 
Demand from outside the U.S. for our defense and space offerings also remains high, in particular for rotorcraft, commercial derivatives, fighters and satellites. 
Turning to the Services sector. We see the $2.8 trillion services market over the next 10 years as a significant growth opportunity for our company. BGS provides agile, cost-competitive services to our customers worldwide. We aim to continue growing faster than the average services market growth rate of 3.5% as we further expand our broad portfolio of services' offerings and continue to gain market share. Strong orders of $4 billion in the quarter reflect our customers' recognition of our value proposition in helping them optimize the performance of their fleets and reduce operational costs through the life cycle. Our expertise, the global reach of our business and our strong customer partnerships have us well positioned to compete and win in this sector. 
In summary, the growing markets and opportunities ahead, our team remains committed to growth, innovation and accelerating productivity improvements to fuel our investments in the future. Our One Boeing strategy and offerings across our 3 businesses are key differentiators that strengthen our position as the world's leading aerospace company. As we work to safely return the 737 MAX to service, our team is determined to keep improving on safety in partnership with the global aerospace industry and the broader community to ensure air travel remains the safest form of transportation the world has ever known. 
With that, Greg, over to you for our financial results.

All right. Thank you, Greg. When I started at this company more than 3 decades ago, our amazing people inspired me. I see how they dedicate their lives in extraordinary talents to connect, protect, explore and inspire the world safely. And that purpose and mission has only grown stronger over the years. Our team is determined to keep improving on safety in partnership with the global aerospace industry and broader community. It is the shared sense of responsibility for the safety of flight that spans and binds all of us together. Our leadership role is clear. Our commitment is resolute, and our pursuit of excellence is never-ending. We own it. In these challenging times, I'm even more confident in our team and our customers. We'll stay true to our values, and we will come through this even stronger. 
While we continue to be focused on the very important priority of engaging with our global regulators and customers on the safe return to service of the 737 MAX, I'd also like to thank the Boeing team for remaining focused on further driving both growth and productivity. We wouldn't have been able to achieve these first quarter results without the hard work and dedication of our employees and the great partnerships we have with our customers and suppliers. The long-term fundamentals for our business remains strong, and our key priorities are unchanged. We will continue to execute on our long-term strategy of robust organic growth investment and returning value to shareholders, complemented by strategic acquisitions that enhance and accelerate our growth plans. We will leverage our unique One Boeing advantages, continue building strength on strength to deliver and improve on our commitments to our customers and partners around the world. 
With that, we will take your questions.

Yes. Myles, good question. First of all, again, I want to stress and reiterate the point that we are very, very focused on the safe return to service of the MAX, and that remains our top priority. Clear focus, clear resources being applied and daily engagement, hourly engagement by me, Greg and the leadership team. And we're going to continue to focus there and get that airplane back up and flying for our customers. 
As part of that process, we are taking a look at our certification processes. We remain confident in the fundamental processes. But as part of our continuous improvement mindset, we always take a look at opportunities to improve. So we're welcoming the government joint authorities' technical review that's been announced, and that we'll be supporting that as appropriate. As you've heard earlier, I've also asked Boeing Board to stand up a committee to take a look at our certification processes and identify any potential improvements. And if we find any opportunities to improve, we will certainly adopt those on a go-forward basis. 
As far as the ripple impact or potential impact of the 777X, we haven't seen any direct impact. Again, our team has been very strong about continuing to drive 777X development and performance in parallel with our return-to-flight -- or return-to-service efforts on the MAX. We've deployed our teams accordingly and make sure that we've resourced high-priority efforts on 777X. As noted earlier, we have rolled 2 flight test birds out of the factory, #3 and #4 are in the final assembly, and we look forward to getting into flight testing here this year and delivering that airplane on schedule in 2020. We do not see any changes to the underlying certification process. But again, as I said, if we find areas to improve, we will certainly adopt those. 
As to your NMA question, we're continuing our work on that in parallel. Certainly, the higher priority -- highest priority for us is the 737 MAX safe return to service. So we have prioritized our resources accordingly while we continue to work on our NMA effort in parallel. We're still looking at that as a potential opportunity for a 2025 entry into service date. We still have work to do before we get to an authority to offer a decision. We're still working on a pace to try to do that this year, as we previously announced. But I want to be very clear that when it comes to resource questions and application of resources, our top priority is the safe return to service of the 737 MAX.

Yes, Doug, our plan integrates across all of those dimensions as it should because they're all interrelated. I will say on that first path, returning the airplane to service and doing so safely, just to give you a sense of the key steps to go there. As we know from the accident, investigations today have been publicly announced through the preliminary reports. Both accidents were a chain of events. We know there was one common link in that chain of events, and that was the activation of the MCAS system with erroneous angle of attack data. That's been well published. And as we said, we understand how to address that link. That's our responsibility. We own that, and that's what that software update does. We have great confidence in that software update with the more than 200 flights that occurred -- or excuse me, 135 flights that have occurred. I personally have the chance to fly on 2 of those flights, test and demonstration flights, and have seen the confidence in that software solution. We have tested it out and completed our engineering flight test last week. 
The next step in that process will be the certification flight under the FAA's authority, and we are working with the FAA right now to prepare for that in the near term. Subsequent steps will include again bringing all of the global regulators together with the FAA's leadership to approve the return to service. So that path is a well-understood set of steps, things that are being actively worked on a daily and hourly basis, and we're going to continue to pursue that and make sure we take the time to do it right. That's the most important thing here, is to make sure we have a safe return to flight. 
Once we accomplish that, then we'll have the opportunity to look at our production profiles, our delivery sequencing for our customers. As you might guess, we are in daily multiple-times-a-day conversations with our customers as well, and we regret the impact this has had to their operations. We know our customers are eager to get the MAX back into service. And we are eager, when we're ready, to get production ramp back up and provide those airplanes. So we'll be working that in a coordinated, integrated fashion. We have teams that are ready, positioned by tail number with the 737 MAXs that are already out in the fleet to get those airplanes ready and back up and flying for our customers, and we also have an integrated introduction plan including our supply chain that will allow us to pivot and move forward. So these are actions that we are taking daily, again hourly, all in a coordinated fashion. And across those 3 areas that you mentioned, Doug, I'm very confident that we have an integrated plan. All of this will be paced by the safe return to service of the MAX. That is our first focus.

Yes, Ron, there is no technical slip or gap here, right? Again as I mentioned, we know that both accidents were a series of events, and that is very common to all accidents that we've seen in history. And in -- what we know is that in this case, there was erroneous angle of attack information that came into the airplane from multiple causes. We know that at some point during the flight, that activated the MCAS control loss. And we know that ultimately, there were actions or actions not taken that contributed to the final outcome. 
I can't really get into the details of that deep accident investigation because this is all governed by the ICAO Annex 13 process, which I know you know well, and that is a disciplined, rigorous process that examines these accidents from every dimension to ensure that we understand them, and it's ultimately that disciplined process that has made this industry so safe. So we have been very purposeful about supporting that process, very purposeful about supporting the investigation, staying focused on safety and not speculation. 
But I can tell you with confidence that we understand our airplane. We understand how the design was accomplished, how the certification was accomplished and remain fully confident in the product that we put in the field. But we also know there are areas where we can improve, and that is the source of the software update here. But there was no surprise or gap or unknown here or something that somehow slipped through a certification process. Quite the opposite. We know exactly how the airplane was designed. We know exactly how it was certified. We have taken the time to understand that. That has led to the software update that we've been implementing and testing, and we're very confident that when the fleet comes back up, the MAX will be one of the safest airplanes ever to fly.

Yes, Peter, we are working with the FAA and regulatory authorities around the world. And as you might guess, there are different paces and different processes in each country, but these are all running in parallel. We're working with those authorities to try to align schedules, both from a regulatory government standpoint as well as the customers that are operating in these countries around the world. As we said, we have more than 50 MAX operators today around the world, and they're all very interested in getting the airplane back up and flying. So we are coordinating across that entire network of global regulators and customers. And we're seeing the schedules, I'll say, beginning to align. There is still clearly a lot of work to go as we get through the certification. Another pacing item for us will be training and training deployment worldwide, and then alignment of all the regulatory agencies on approval to get the airplane back up and service and back to flying. So we have a support role across all of that. 
I want to compliment the FAA, in particular, for their leadership and the work that they're doing across the global enterprise. As you might have seen, the FAA leader, Dan Elwell, hosted an international session with the counterparts from other regulatory agencies a couple of weeks ago. We were supportive to that meeting as well. So the FAA has been working hard to coordinate across all of the international regulators, drive alignment, answer questions and ensure that we're all in the same page going forward. It is fundamentally important here that we have an integrated plan and that we understand any questions or concerns that might be out around the world that we address those. And that, again, we focus on a safe return to service of the MAX, and I'm confident that, that coordination is happening. And I think it's fair to say we still have some work to do, but we're making progress.

Yes, Sheila, to that point, let me take a long-term view here. We don't see any change. As you well know, we are continuously engaged with our customers. We have a ton of respect for them and how they operate. We have deep regret for the impact that this has had on their operations to date, and we're very, very sensitive to that. And we're doing everything we can to get the airplane back up and flying and do that safely. Our customers are eager to do that as well. 
I can tell you, I've personally talked to many, many of our customers. Our team, Commercial Airplanes team, Kevin McAllister, Ihssane, their teams are deployed daily, hourly, talking to customers. Our support teams are working around the world, helping them with the fleet that is currently grounded to maintain that fleet in good condition so that when we're ready, we can quickly bring the fleet back up to operating status. So we're deeply engaged with our customers. We understand their operational model. We're having discussions with them on how to best get them ramped back up and to help them during this intermediate period. And I think the collaboration, the communication, it's just been very strong. And I'm thankful to our customers. They've been working with us through this period. It's been difficult. It's been challenging for all of us, but we have a mutual respect based on the health of this industry and the important work that we do around the world. And we want to make sure we can get back up and flying safely, and we know we have some work to do to earn and reearn the trust of our customers and the flying public in particular. And so we're working with our customers in the airlines on how we can best rebuild that public trust, working with them. And engaging their pilots, for example, as they're involved in the process and our airline pilot customers who can express their views to the flying public. I think that's a big source of confidence for the future. So we're working together on that standpoint. 
And then as we think about production re-ramp going forward, when we're ready, the skyline management, the delivery sequencing, how we can support our customers, get them airplanes as rapidly as we can and in the right order and sequence, that's all part of our daily integrated planning as well. And longer term, we're also deploying training packages and additional educational materials. I would call those above-and-beyond educational materials that are tailored for our various customers around the world. So that'll be a longer-term effort where we work with them on training, education as well as areas where we can help with the brand repair, if you will, in rebuilding the public confidence. 
So we're working together across all of those fronts, and I'd say the relationship with our customers, the collaboration here is as strong as it's ever been. And perhaps, that's what we see in difficult times like this. We see those fundamental relationships coming to the surface, and the strength of those relationships is clear.

Yes. And Carter, as you look for progress points there, near term will be the certification flight. Next in line will be the actual final certification of the software and the FAA's approval and then bringing the regulatory authorities together to gain approval of return to service. So there's some interim milestones here that'll be visible that we are aiming to complete in the near term, and then that will subsequently cause the next set of activities to occur, which Greg outlined, in terms of production system and supply chain ramp-up. So this is an integrated sequence of events.

Let me comment first and, Greg, jump in on the second part there. Cai, what you're seeing here is the investment that we've made in the 787 product and manufacturing system and our team performing successfully. So while not a lot of fanfare over the last quarter, we did seamlessly transition from 12 per month to 14 per month, and I want to compliment our team and our supply chain for doing that effectively. And you see that continuing to be reflected in the program's performance -- financial performance as well as the high-quality deliveries to our customers. And I think what you also see is the effectiveness of that product in the field with the orders volume continuing to come in from our customers. So that program is performing well in the factories, and it's performing well for our customers in the field. Greg, do you want to...

Performance, yes.

Yes. Well, Julie, let me just take a half step back first and remind everyone again of the incredible importance of safety to us in our culture of driving safety and continuous improvement. That is -- that culture is what has made this industry the safest form of transportation, and that is a fundamental that we are committed to. And any time an accident like this happens, it's a very difficult situation. We have great sorrow for the families that are affected. This weighs heavily on us. This gets right to the core of who we are as a company and our focus on safety. And so what we're doing here is looking at every dimension of what we've learned and making sure that we, as part of that effort, focus on any potential process improvements that we can make. That is our duty and responsibility. So not only do we look at product and service improvements, but also, are there any process improvements that we can make? 
And there's really a twofold effort here. One, the U.S. government is bringing together a joint authority review with international regulators around the world. That's been previously announced. That will take a look at certification processes. We'll support that with technical expertise, and any learnings from that, we'll incorporate. And then internally, I've also asked our Board to set up a committee that you referenced. And let me give you a little more context on that. That committee will be focused on looking at our design, development, certification processes not only for the MAX but, more broadly, for our airplane programs. It will be headed up by Edmund Giambastiani, and he does have a great deal of expertise in the aerospace sector and the defense sector, as you well know. So we're bringing sector knowledge to the table. He will be joined by Board Members who also bring expertise from other sectors who are very safety-focused and have significant government regulatory dimensions. And I think that will actually make us better because we can do cross-sector learnings, so I would argue that that's bringing in an external view that's even more helpful. 
In addition, that committee has authorized to bring in outside technical support, deep support in the areas where it's required, and they will also leverage the depth of our technical resources across Boeing. So they will have a depth of capacity to do their work. And based on the outcome of their analysis and assessment, we'll determine how we roll these results into our processes. That could be a report. It could be set of actions. Rather than stating upfront what that will be, what we want to do is see what the committee learns and see the outcome of their work and then we'll decide how to implement that. But we are committed to doing a deep and rigorous evaluation and making improvements where we can. That is part of how we operate as a company. We are always looking for opportunities to improve.

Yes. Phil, I think that's a great question and certainly an area where we're very focused on. And this is an area where collaboration with our airline customers is extremely important, and we're working this on a daily basis. And we certainly have deep regret for the impact that this has had on our airline customers and their operations and the impact it's had on the flying public. We've got 100-plus years of history as a company on providing safe transportation, and that is a commitment that we treasure, something that we place high value on. And the respect of the flying public, the confidence of the flying public is very, very important to us. So we regret the impact that's happened here, and we're very focused on addressing that going forward. 
The game plan that we've laid out with our airline customers is tailored by customer. We're talking with each of them in terms of what they're hearing from their passengers. We think a key voice in all of this will be the pilots for our airlines, and their voice is very important. That bond between the passenger and the pilot is one that's critical, and so we're working with our airline customers and those pilot voices to ensure that we can build on that going forward. To that end, we've hosted multiple sessions around the world. More than 90% of our 50-plus MAX operators to-date have had pilots in our simulator sessions with the new software, experiencing that, building confidence. I can tell you with those series of sessions that we've had around the world, the pilot feedback from the simulator sessions has been excellent, and I think it's been a big part of building confidence and how we talk about this going forward. So we're planning to leverage that pilot voice. We'll be working closely on branding and talking about training and education activities going forward. This is a place where Boeing is going to make an investment. We know it's important to earn and reearn the trust, and this will be done jointly with our airline customers, the pilots, the flight crews, the flight attendants, everybody that supports these airplanes. And we know it'll take time. We have to earn and reearn the trust of the flying public, and that's work ahead of us, and we take that very seriously.

Eric, I think it's important to look at this, again, from a long-term standpoint. As we've said in the past, as we continue to say, it's important that our company has the flexibility to have the leadership structure that works best for our company. That's been our position for years and continues to be our position, and we remain consistent on that front. And we have a great, engaged Board on this topic. The working relationships are strong. Our Lead Director, Dave Calhoun, is very engaged in the work that we're doing. The Board Committee that I talked about is just another example of a very engaged Board. I have daily communications with the Board both in my Chairman role and in my CEO role. We think that is the right, most effective structure for our company. And I think that's, again, showing it to be the case even in the midst of this challenging situation. And I also want to reiterate the fact that our Board does have a very strong, independent Lead Director and that we respect and understand those roles, and the structure that we have in place today is one that I think is healthy for our company and healthy for all of our stakeholders.