Yes. Thank you, Maurita. Good morning, everyone. 2020 was a historically challenging year for our world, for our industry, for our business and our communities. I hope you are all staying safe.  
We are managing our operations each and every day the best that we can to minimize disruption while always protecting the well-being of our associates. A lot has happened in the last few months. So let me begin by sharing some of the highlights starting with the 737 MAX on the next chart.  
We made significant progress on the 737 program this quarter. The FAA in the United States, ANAC in Brazil, Transport Canada and just this morning, EASA in Europe have approved the resumption of 737 MAX operations, marking important milestones on our return to service journey. I would encourage all of you to read the various reports issued by our regulators regarding the intense scrutiny they put our airplanes through. This is the culmination of a comprehensive effort, including roughly 400,000 engineering hours, 1,400 test and check flights and over 3,000 flight hours completed on the airplane. Following one of the most rigorous certification efforts in aviation history, we're confident in the safety of our airplane. 
We continue to work with global regulators and our customers to safely return the airplane to service worldwide. We've assumed that the remaining non-U.S. regulatory approvals will occur during the first half of 2021, and we will continue to follow their lead in the steps ahead.  
Our first priority is assisting our customers with return to service for their existing parked fleet. Every airline has different operational considerations for returning planes to revenue service and time lines for training their pilots. We're supporting each of them as they go through their process.  
Next, we're focused on safely delivering our 737 MAX airplanes that are in inventory, which began in December of last year. Prior to the delivery, teams are performing all the necessary tests and ensuring each airplane receives customized care and rolls into a delivery stall ready for customer acceptance and FAA review.  
Since the FAA's approval to return the operations on November 18, we've delivered more than 40 737 MAX aircraft to our customers, and 5 airlines have safely returned their fleets to service, safely flying over 2,700 flights and approximately 5,500 flight hours as of January 25. Based on conversations with our customers, passenger load factors to date have been relatively consistent with the airline total fleet averages.  
We're encouraged by the progress to date and also pleased with the confidence our customers have placed in us and the airplane, highlighted most recently by Ryanair and Alaska Air announcements. 
In addition to our 737 progress, we continue delivering for our defense, space and services customers. Let me highlight a few of these accomplishments.  
Our defense, security and space team achieved first flight of the MQ-25 unmanned aircraft with an aerial refueling store and completed engineering design review for Wideband Global SATCOM-11+ communications satellite. Our global services team was awarded a performance-based logistics contract for the Singapore F-15SG fleet and selected to provide P-8A training for the Royal New Zealand Air Force.  
Now let's turn to the next slide to discuss the industry environment. Overall, the government services and defense and space businesses remain significant and relatively stable. And we continue   to see solid global demand for our major programs. Nevertheless, the scale of government spending on COVID-19 response has the potential to add pressure to global defense spending in the years ahead.  
Broad support for our defense portfolio is underscored by the $5 billion of orders BDS booked in the fourth quarter across key franchise platforms. Just this month, we also received the contract awards for Lot 6 and Lot 7, which include 27 additional KC-46 Tankers for the U.S. Air Force.  
Additionally, the fiscal year 2021 defense bill includes investments in products and services from across our defense, space and government services business. The diversity of our portfolio will continue to help provide critical stability for us as we move forward.  
In the commercial market, while many of our key long-term fundamentals remain intact, we continue to see near-term market pressure due to COVID-19. Despite solid progress on the vaccine front, the next 6 to 9 months will remain very challenging for our airline customers and the entire industry. COVID-19 case rates continue to be high and travel restrictions remain in place, putting significant pressure on passenger traffic.  
Similar to the trends we saw last quarter, the domestic market is leading the recovery, albeit a slow pace. Domestic traffic in November improved slightly to 41% below 2019. On the other hand, international operations continued to be depressed, with November traffic still 88% below the prior year. Recovery in the international segment has been weak due in large part to the absence of coordinated global policies on cross-border entry protocols.  
The uncertainty in the international markets has meant that the active fleet is still around 3/4 the size of its precrisis level. Coupled with utilization rates that are below historical averages, airlines are flying just about half of their normal operations at the global level.  
Regionally, we're seeing case rates and government travel restrictions continue to evolve, resulting in different recovery trajectories. China domestic passenger traffic, for example, has rebounded significantly, although it's not without risk. Europe is experiencing a pullback because of the resurgence of COVID-19 and related government restrictions. And then finally, in North America, traffic remains more than 60% below our 2019 levels, and these dynamics continue to drive a very uneven recovery.  
As anticipated, the number of aircraft being retired from the active fleet continues to grow, 1,300 and growing. We expect this trend to continue as our customers focus on retiring their oldest and least efficient airplanes and replacing them with new airplanes that will be as much as 25% to 40% more fuel efficient and better for the environment. The longer it takes to put COVID in the rearview mirror, the more retirements we will see.  
As for the freighter market, we're seeing an interesting dynamic with more freighters flying today than before the pandemic due to the limited belly cargo capacity from passenger airplanes. While overall cargo traffic showed a year-on-year decline, yields have remained elevated. The dramatic growth of e-commerce in the past year has fueled express freighter expansion. This has supported the demand for our cargo aircraft as seen in recent orders from DHL for 8 777 freighters and for -- and from Atlas Air for 4 747 freighters.  
We also added incremental freighter conversion orders to our global services backlog. And over the long run, cargo demand will continue to be driven by global trade and GDP growth and recovery.  
We're encouraged by the speed of vaccine development and efficacy rates. These trends bolster our medium-term outlook and support our belief in the long-term trend -- strength of the market. Consistent with what we've shared previously as well as IATA and other industry groups, we expect it will take around 3 years for travel to return to the 2019 levels and a few years beyond that to return to our long-term growth trends.  
Again, we see the recovery in 3 phases. First, we're seeing domestic traffic improving in places like Brazil, the United States, India and other large domestic markets. Next, regional markets should begin to recover such as intra-Asia, intra-Europe and intra-Americas flights. And then finally, long-haul international routes, which require the most coordination, will be the last to bounce back. Therefore, demand for narrowbody aircraft is expected to recover quite a bit faster while widebody demand will remain challenged for a longer period.  
As we move forward, testing mechanisms, progress on vaccine distribution and coordinated government interactions will be key drivers of the recovery. We will continue working with the industry through our Confident Travel Initiative. Industry and academic studies continue to demonstrate that with multiple layers of protection, including HEPA filters, enhanced cleaning procedures and the use of personal face coverings, that the risk of transmission while flying is quite low.  
Collaboration between governments is an important element for implementing new screening protocols, which can even further reduce the risk of transmission.  
In the commercial services market, we saw modest incremental demand improvement in the fourth quarter. Although we are starting to see some stability, the recovery has been slow and we continue to anticipate will take multiple years to reach our previous demand levels. Accelerated retirements will also result in newer fleets when we emerge from the pandemic. That will reduce service demand and prolong their recovery.  
Given the challenging environment, managing liquidity continues to be vital to the aerospace industry to bridge us to recovery. Despite the unprecedented situation, there generally continues to be liquidity in the market for our customers and for Boeing.  
Financiers and investors understand the long-term value proposition of aircraft and the fundamental need to connect the world. And this has been demonstrated by the broad global interest in the space and the new entrants into the market over the past several years.  
We supported the COVID relief and stimulus packages passed by Congress last year and similar efforts underway globally. These relief programs, including access to financing, have been helpful to our customers as well as a number of our suppliers. And we believe that support will help enable a faster recover -- recovery for the industry as we are navigating the pandemic.  
As we see airlines adapt to these market realities, product differentiation and versatility will be key. Our product lineup remains well positioned to meet our customer needs and support airline plans to gain efficiencies and reach emission goals.  
For example, our digital solutions continue to provide important capabilities to our customers, as highlighted by Frontier Airlines' recent decision to sign a 10-year digital services agreement with us for their fleet. Our attractive portfolio and the diversity of our backlog provide a strong foundation as we prepare to recover and grow in the future.  
Now let's turn to commercial airplane production rates on Slide 4. We're closely coordinating with our customers to understand their fleet needs while monitoring the broader market environment to ensure we're aligning supply with demand. Let me provide some key updates across our programs.  
Starting with the 787 program. As we've shared, we're conducting comprehensive inspections on undelivered airplanes, both in Everett and in South Carolina. Since last quarter, we've expanded the scope of those inspections, including work done at our supplier partners. Our assessment shows that none of the issues identified represent safety of flight concerns. Nevertheless, we remain committed to taking the time to ensure each airplane meets our rigorous engineering specifications. And although this work has a near-term impact for us, in terms of both schedule and cost, it is the right thing to do. And we continue to be in coordination with the FAA and our customers throughout the process.  
Transparency is clear. Through our analysis, we've been able to determine the resolution for the majority of previously identified areas, including our major join sections. In some cases, this requires inspections and rework, while in other areas, no further action is required. We've made good progress and are now completing analysis on a few remaining areas to validate the next steps.  
As we see it today, this work may take a few more weeks, but we will provide our engineers the time they need to complete that analysis. We are implementing changes in the production process to ensure newly built airplanes meet our specifications and do not require further inspection. This is consistent with our determination to eliminate rework from our production system to position us on stronger footing when the market recovers.  
We're looking forward to resuming 787 deliveries to our customers. But as I discussed, there's still work to be done. Based on what we know today, we expect 787 deliveries to resume later this quarter. However, it will be back-end loaded with no delivery this month and most likely very few, if any, in February.  
Also, based on what we know today, we still expect to deliver the vast majority of the 787 aircraft inventory by the end of the year. We will keep you updated on the progress.  
As we've previously shared, given the widebody market environment, we're in the process of transitioning to a rate of 5 per month in March, at which point, 787 final assembly will be consolidated to Boeing South Carolina.  
On the 777, 777X programs, we now anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur in late 2023. This schedule and the financial impact to the program this quarter reflect a number of factors, including an updated assessment of global certification requirements, the latest assessment of COVID-19 impacts on market demand and discussions with our customers with respect to delivery timing.  
We're working closely with global regulators on all aspects of the 777X development. This involves listening to all their feedback and applying lessons learned from our experiences on the 737 MAX program recertification and applying to our 777X certification plan. It also involves making prudent design modifications as necessary to meet the various global regulators' expectations.  
As part of our assessment, we've made the decision to implement certain modifications to the aircraft design. Our decision to make these modifications, which will involve firmware and hardware changes to the actuator control electronics, reflects our current judgment of global regulators' compliance expectations. This decision has led to these revised schedule assumptions.  
COVID-19 has had a significant impact on passenger traffic, particularly international long-haul routes serviced by large widebodies such as the 777X, which has shifted the anticipated replacement wave and overall demand for widebody airplanes to the right. Additionally, the challenging business climate is impacting our 777X customers.  
These broader market factors, coupled with our conversations with our customers about preferred delivery timing, informed our current assumptions. As a result of these updated program assumptions, we booked a $6.5 billion pretax charge in the quarter, a significant component of which is driven by a reduction in the program's initial accounting quantity. Greg will go through the financial impact in greater detail a little later.  
Despite the challenges we and the industry are facing, we are confident in the 777X airplane and the unmatched capability it will offer our customers. With the most payload capacity and lowest operating cost per seat of any widebody, the 777X completes our market-leading widebody family with a distinct competitive advantage.  
Across the total widebody market of more than 8,000 projected deliveries over the next 2 decades, we see replacement demand for over 1,500 large widebody airplanes, which are well suited for the 777X. We also continue to see strong freighter demand and good delivery pace for our current 777 freighter.  Our production rate expectations for the combined 777, 777X program remains at 2 per month in 2021. We continue to assess our production plans to efficiently transition to the 777X.  
Turning now to the 737 program. We're currently producing at a low rate and expect to gradually increase the rate to 31 per month in early 2022. And we expect further gradual increases to correspond with market demand. We will continue to assess the delivery profile for 2021 as it will help inform our 737 production ramp -- our ramp plan, and we will continue to communicate transparently with our supply chain to ensure stability. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 3,300 aircraft in our 737 backlog. There's no change to our production rate plan for the 747 or the 767.  
The market continues to be dynamic, and we will monitor closely as we prudently balance supply and demand across all of our programs. Although this remains an unprecedented and uncertain time, we are confident air travel will return. And when it does, we will be ready to support our customers with a well-positioned family of airplanes.  
Now let's quickly look at our 2021 priorities on Slide 5. As you'll see, our priorities remain consistent. Navigating through this global pandemic and rebuilding stronger on the other side continues to be a key focus, along with safely returning the 737 to service worldwide, building on our efforts over the past 2 years.  
We remain committed to working closely with all of our stakeholders to rebuild trust one day at a time, one airplane at a time. And we'll do that by living our values, demonstrating transparency every step of the way and delivering on our commitments. As part of our continued commitment to safety, we recently announced our first Chief Aerospace Safety Officer. 
Consistent with these values is our focus on sustainability. We continue to make great strides in our efforts, innovating and operating to make the world better. We achieved net carbon -- net 0 carbon emissions at our manufacturing and work sites in 2020 by expanding conservation and renewable energy use while tapping into responsible offsets for the remaining greenhouse gas emissions. Additionally, we've committed that our commercial airplanes will be capable and certified to fly on 100% sustainable aviation fuels by 2030.  
Operational excellence is about how we work to deliver safe products and services to our customers while continuously striving for first-time quality. We are also taking steps to restore the health of our production system. As we calibrate our production rates to the market impacts of COVID-19, we're taking the opportunity to implement quality, workplace safety and productivity improvement projects to bring stability to our factories. And as Greg will cover later, this also extends to our engagement with suppliers.  
And last but not least, we will not lose sight of our future and the innovations that will reshape air travel. We continue to invest in our areas that are critical to our business, focusing on design practices and manufacturing technology that will position us for growth.  
We're also continuing to invest in our people. We recently announced that we will be providing most of our employees a onetime stock grant that will vest in 3 years as we recover and grow the business.  
To close, our guiding principle here is that every decision we must -- that we make must help us navigate through this difficult period while not diminishing our future competitiveness. We will take action to protect our business and our people by closely managing liquidity and driving lasting transformational change to make our business stronger and more resilient than ever.  
And with that, let me turn it over to Greg. Greg?

Yes. Thanks, Greg. Listen, 2020 was a year like no other. Our world, our industry, our business and our communities were facing unprecedented challenges, and we're still in the midst of it. 
In addition to navigating COVID-19, we also made important progress on the 737 as we engage transparently and comprehensively with regulators, government leaders, customers, suppliers and our teams. Having done that, we'll be that much more prepared for airplane certification efforts going forward. 
The return to service of the 737 was a key step for us as we make fundamental changes to how we operate and rebuild trust one airplane, one interaction, one day at a time. I'm proud of our team, and I thank them for the resilience and dedication that they've demonstrated as we've navigated through this really difficult moment together. 
2021 is an inflection point for our industry and certainly for Boeing. We have been through tough times before. We know how to overcome challenges and to adapt, and we will stand by our customers throughout this process. Driven by our values and with a focus on quality, safety, integrity and transparency, we will emerge from this moment stronger, more competitive for the long term. 
And with that, Greg and I will be happy to take a few questions. Thank you.

It's -- the only other point is it's really important to know that the 50 that moved out are the ones at the tail end, and those are where cash margins are significant. So you end up with a little bit of a double whammy there.

Well, there's -- there won't be a formal sign-off in that regard. But without a doubt, we will make sure the FAA is comfortable with every act we've taken. 
And I'll only add the comment that this expansion of inspection and quality assurance and all those things, maybe I'll take a hit on that one. But this is a moment where we get to fix some things and do some things the way we would like to do them. And so I have put very little pressure on the production and engineering team to resolve things too quickly. I want it to be thorough and done, and I want to prevent future rework around this stuff. 
And I have to tell you, these specs are incredibly exacting. So I'm proud of the design principles that we've used in it. But anyway, we're just -- probably take stepping it up a bit.

Yes. Maybe if I could just comment on the pricing question, which is an important question. I do anticipate us being through our inventory in '22 on the MAX. I think we can stay disciplined every step of that way, and indications are that we can. 
And then when we get into '23, which is where the question is, I see no reason why the competitive dynamics are any different. I really don't. The value of these 2 airplane competitors, the value of their airplanes is not much has changed. We will have demonstrated performance on the MAX that is very good for the applications that it competes for. And their airplane will have advantages on other applications. But I'm confident in that competitive dynamic and believe we'll get right back to where we were if not something better. 
And I know Greg, I'm not sure if his restructuring discussion broke up on you like it did for me when I was listening to it.

But the structural changes that we're making and the cost advantages that we intend to get from it at something in that $5 billion range, these will accrue to our airplanes. And anyway,  I'm optimistic. I'm quite optimistic. There's nothing about the market right now that has me switched off on that, but we are talking about 2023. It's going to take that long for us to sort of work our way out of the COVID world.

Well, over the near term, it is what it is. And again, I think about a portfolio of airplanes, not just any one. And while we take all of the faceoffs that we go through in order and in those routes that you described for the 321, we -- I get it completely, so does our team. 
Broadly speaking and on balance across the portfolio, we like where our portfolio plays with the MAX at the lower end and the 87 at the higher end and very successful airplanes. So that just said -- all that means is we're going to take our time. 
I'm pretty sure you're in the right space, although I'm not going to point design today. I think you're pretty much in the right space with respect to where next development efforts lean. But I don't want to call it out just yet. 
And I'll go right back to the comment I made in the beginning. We are really progressing well on our engineering and manufacturing forward technology development so that we're ready when that moment comes to offer a really differentiated product. So I'm sure it's not a lot of rocket science for you to add up and guess where things end up. 
But we're not going to call out that point design. This isn't the moment. We're going to take a little time, and we don't feel significantly disadvantaged with our portfolio versus their portfolio. So anyway, that's how we think about it. And we are thinking long term, that's for sure.

Yes. Well, engines always play into it. I don't think they're going to play into it anywhere near the extent to which they used to simply because the demands on that propulsion system in the next go around I don't think are going to be as significant. And now I'm just -- I'm going to, I think, speak to the industry and what I know they are capable of doing or not. 
So therefore, differentiation at the airframe level itself is really, really important in the next run, which means that these technologies that we are working with and trying to demonstrate to ourselves at scale with determinant assembly, those are the things that we'll differentiate. And believe it or not, that becomes the most important criteria for us with respect to announcing that next airplane. 
It's got to depend on these advanced technologies, and it will. So -- and I don't feel in any way, shape or form that 1 year or 2 years more in the market to learn more is going to hold us back in any way, shape or form or hurt The Boeing Company in any way, shape or form. So that's the perspective I'd put on it. 
Right now, we're getting no pressure, as you might imagine, from airlines to run forward as fast as we can. And that's a bit of a luxury on this subject. But the most important thing for me and the Boeing team is to get these underlying technologies proven, demonstrated at scale so that when we call that point design, we're ready and we'll deliver.

Yes. Maybe I'll add an ounce of color. Of course, we expect and believe that the demand for our current 777 freighter is still significant. And we hope and believe that we'll continue to see ordering activity broadly on that one. 
The 76 similarly, there's an awful lot of freighter demand for the 76. And then when you get to the 87, the only wildcard that is more upside than downside is if there is a [ date, time ] if you will, with respect to the trade agreements between the United States and China. And the agreements are in place. It's just a question of whether the posture changes in any way that allows for that Phase 1 deal to move forward. 
It's a big plus for any administration in light of the number of jobs it supports in the United States, and so we're optimistic on that front. But if that panned out and panned out reasonably quickly, that's more up than down.

Greg, can I start? You can fill in as you...

Yes. So it has been, and we continue to believe that we're going to have stable growth and admittedly at the lower end of the single digits. And that's the best guidance we can talk about because we do think there is pressure that will ultimately come down as a result of all the COVID spending here in the United States. 
But a large part of our business now is international markets. And the order activity in those international markets has pushed to the right somewhat and almost entirely because of COVID-related stuff, not because of any competitive issue one way or the other. 
So we still like our position because we have an awful lot of ongoing programs that the military and, of course, our defense bills have been kind to in each and every one of their moments. And this last bill was a good one for us in pretty much every respect. So it's hard to commit to a big uptick in any way on growth rates anytime soon in light of what I think are the pressures. 
The only other comment I would make is there's a big segment of work that we do in the classified world that is incredibly encouraging and incredibly important to us. And anyway, I believe not just for our defense world, but also ultimately derivative technologies for the commercial world that, that's going to be a big source of competitive advantage for Boeing. So we're high on it, but I'm very reticent to want to suggest the market is going to get any better or that we're going to differentiate ourselves any further than what we have been.

No. And those ones that were grounded and ultimately proven okay involved more than what we're working on now. It was a combination of factors. And we know one of those factors have been eliminated.

Yes, I believe that. Yes. And I'm on the record of saying that. Hydrogen power, I just believe, has a much longer time line than the time line that at least I've read like you did. 
I have a fair amount of experience with hydrogen. Our company has an incredible amount of experience with hydrogen, at least in the size of airframe that we're all talking about. We can experiment down at the very low end, but that's not going to be a meaningful market here. 
And the advent of sustainable fuel, already we're capable of living with that sustainable fuel. I believe that's going to be the 15-year answer to 2050 guidelines and approaches because we've all worked with it, experimented with it. We know it works, and now we've got to develop a supply line for it. But I believe it's the only answer between now and 2050.

Thank you.