Matt, thanks. Welcome to everybody. Thanks for joining us. I will acknowledge upfront that our plans for the investor conference middle of next week. We're looking forward to them. We hope we can give some guideposts for the forward look in the Boeing company. So many of our comments today will be a little shorter than usual and focused strictly on the quarter. 
This quarter was a big one for us. We hit a marker, a marker we've set since the beginning of our turnaround effort in the beginning of 2020, and that was to generate positive free cash flow. So we generated $2.9 billion in the quarter. That puts us on the path that we projected for 2022, which was positive. So again, a very important accomplishment for us and I think begins the real turning point for the company.
At the same time, we took a charge on our fixed-price development contracts. These are contracts that we have talked about now repeatedly on these calls. We believe, as we always do, that the charge that we took is meant to complete these contracts ultimately to deliver them to satisfy customers in the Air Force or the armed forces. And anyway, we're not embarrassed by them. They are what they are, and we intend to deliver against these contracts and satisfy our customers.
Without a doubt, and you've heard it from all of the earnings calls over the course of the week, the supply chain, inflation, labor shortages, macroeconomic challenges are challenging for everybody. That is reflected in these third quarter calls. Again, the charges in our fixed price development world, et cetera, all of that's embedded. We're not anticipating or suggesting that the supply chain world is going to get much better in the near term. We expect it will continue to be challenged over the course of 2023.
One of our problems is not demand. Demand is very strong. It's strong across the portfolio of products, and it's strong across the world with all of our customers. Why? Because their demand is strong. Bookings in pretty much every geography is strong with the exception of China. But also there are concerns about the very supply constraints that we're all referring to sort of force them to want to get in line and get their orders in so that they have the lift they need as the world returns to some normal state.
What's our job in this supply-constrained world? We're in the factories, we don't push the system too fast. We slow down when we have to and we try not to compound problems that may arise from the supply chain or from our own shops. We've added more than 10,000 people this year, and we are investing in training and development to accelerate their experience curve and improve our productivity over time. And we're driving stability in the supply chain. We've introduced all kinds of on-site technology, digital tools to watch what they're doing, but also we've added people to those organizations that are more challenged than others. And we've increased inventory, safety stock wherever we can. Truth is it will still take time to normalize. And our objective in the investor conference that lies ahead is to give you that projection as to how and when we think that is likely to happen.
Despite the challenges, I'm very pleased with the progress broadly. Our 87 deliveries have returned. It's a reflection on us focusing on the right things. Strict conformance with respect to our manufacturing processes is very important. We've gotten it right, and the delivery process has started, and so far, so good.
On the 737 MAX, return to service. Again, philosophy is one at a time. 1 million revenue flights, exceptional schedule reliability, that's what we've experienced. And that is why the folks who have leaned into the MAX continue to lean into the MAX and continue to place orders with us. In total, over the quarter, 227 orders for airplanes, West Jet, UPS, Cargolux, China Airlines, just a few, again, very strong. You probably have seen today, Alaska has upped their commitment to the MAX, and we greatly appreciate it from all of them.
In a strong demand and yet supply-constrained world, our inventory, the fixed -- finished goods inventory that we have is an asset, not a liability, and we use it to de-risk that delivery outlook. And as for China, we continue to derisk. That's been our objective. We still would like to deliver airplanes to China. We continue to support our customers. We continue to support the regulator. As we all know, the COVID restrictions and policies in China have reduced demand for airplanes in general. And we hope that is what is restricting the acceptance of our -- of the airplanes that they have on our tarmac. But we also have clear eyed about the geopolitical risks that are out there, and we are not going to impart new risks on our investors, and we believe we can derisk what we have.
We're progressing on our development programs, the -7, the -10, the 777-9 and the -8 freighter. All of these are progressing well. As everybody knows, we are up against a deadline here at the end of the year. We remain confident that we can get an extension of that deadline because this is the safe answer. And we've heard from airlines, we've heard from pilots, we've heard from our workers, associates, and we know that the FAA has been putting in the work to certify these airplanes. So we remain not just hopeful but confident that we can get this across the finish line.
And then those airplanes, as many of you know, complete that narrow-body portfolio in a way that allows us to compete head-to-head with our important competitor, Airbus. BDS, Boeing Defense, yes, we have these fixed price development challenges. But we have a rich portfolio. We delivered 4 MH-139 Grey Wolf test aircraft to the U.S. Air Force. We received contracts for additional KC-46A tankers for both the U.S. Air Force and the Israeli Air Force. And despite the challenges on our real development programs that the tanker T7 and MQ-25, we still remain confident in the long-term success and contribution to our cash flow.
And then Boeing services, BGS, just another very strong quarter. They're trying to keep up with demand the best they can. They delivered their 100th contracted 737-800 Boeing freighter conversion to AerCap. We've got key awards in both commercial and defense customers and things are going well and margins continue to expand.
And then finally, we have not stopped investing in our foundational capabilities. We had some pretty good examples of that over the course of the quarter. We opened 3 advanced facilities across the country, composite fabrication, additive manufacturing and an important autonomy investment alongside MIT just in Cambridge.
Also very excited about Wisk's unveiling of the world's first  autonomous self-flying 4-seat all electric vertical takeoff and landing air taxi. There's a very bright future ahead for that. And with respect to autonomy and its advancement in the world of certification, it's a very, very important part of our strategy.
So we're making great progress. I feel good about our turnaround. I do think the cash flow numbers in the quarter are, in fact, a marker for us. We've been focused on it. We will continue to manage the company on the basis of the cash economics that we support our investors with. And that will be that. So I'm happy to turn it over to Brian now for some color on the quarter.

Yes, I'll keep it short and sweet. We're on a turnaround. We've been on a turnaround. We've made very important progress with our regulators. We've made very important product -- progress with our customers and even more importantly, the flying public. And now we're wrestling through supply chain constraints. And when we get through it all, we'll get back to normal and ultimately deliver what our shareholders are expecting. So I'll leave it at that and open up to questions.

Well, that -- let me start with steps. So I'll let Brian maybe quantify best he can. But I -- the steps are they're as clear as they can be. We've been talking about this for quite a while. We get on regular calls with our counterparts at the engine suppliers. And as you know, in our case, it's predominantly CFM and then GE broadly across the wide-body fleet, et cetera. So we literally go down through all of those schedules. It inevitably comes down to castings and the support that they get from the 2 big casting suppliers.
So the best thing I can say now is that we are clearly on the same page, ourselves and our suppliers. We are taking steps to increase at a very gradual and, I hope, a disciplined way, the increase in rate with respect to castings and then ultimately from engines to us. I don't want to predict outcomes on that front. I think the most important thing is we're not being surprised as frequently as we used to be. And I do think that the engine suppliers are getting their heads their arms around things in a much better way than they had previously.
So that's really the situation as it is. I am confident that the industry will step up, but it will take more time than I probably had hoped when we started these conversations. And I suspect it won't be until we get to the sort of end of next year before we can really make sizable rate increases with respect to that constraint. Brian?

Yes. Thanks, Myles. Let me get to the last part. It's going to be about the same in terms of the headwind, to answer your last comment. Our BDS portfolio, the 85% of the business is doing pretty well. It's these fixed-price development programs that, unfortunately, we're working our way through. We had to account for recent performance, including a reassessment of our forecast cost to complete. There's no doubt about it. The biggest impact was the tanker, as you mentioned.
At $1.2 billion, it was driven by 2 things. The supply chain constraints and specifically part shortages have been persisting and they likely will persist longer than we had contemplated. And then two, this labor instability. As you know, all airplane programs contemplate a learning curve improvement over time. And we adjusted our assumptions because labor stability is an issue that is likely to continue into the future. We can hire, it's getting the workforce trained and up to speed that we had to account for in this particular period. We applied the similar framework to the VC-25B, where the labor stability issues are magnified because of the requirement to get secured -- security clearances. And that also contributed to schedule shifts.
So those are the 2 big ones. And it's just at this moment, the provision reflects what we think is likely to happen in front of us. The other bucket really relates to what I would call true development, which is MQ-25, T-7 and commercial crew. We did adjust for similar macro constraints were needed. But there's also a recognition. There's technical challenges that we work our night through and sometimes impact schedule. But overall, we feel very confident about those programs, long term. And the benefits that we'll accrue once we get them out in the market.
So there's no doubt that we derisk these programs. Now the 2 big ones for the next 2 years, and I'm not suggesting perfection, but we definitely lowered the risk profile. And for the smaller programs, in some cases, we derisked even longer. I think the thing we have to keep in mind is that our mandate is to stabilize and now deliver very important products to our customers who need them. Anyway.

No.

Well, there's active discussions with customers about that topic. More to come in terms of things getting finalized, but it's an active discussion. So that we can no longer defer that decision and actually start to think about how we liquidate that in terms of working capital improvement and cash flow. More to come, and we'll keep you updated.

Yes. So I'll start with my hope. My hope is that these 2 big geopolitical forces get together and endorse free trade again and COVID policy ultimately lightens sometime in the future in China so that they can take more deliveries of airplanes. So we we're going to keep supporting our customers, keep supporting their regulator every step of the way. But we are also going to take steps to derisk. I have not gotten a single signal. And I'm surprised by it, they're going to take deliveries in the near term. So we are going to continue. We're going to -- we have begun and we're going to continue to remarket these airplanes as we move forward, and we're confident that there's a market for it not a little market but a big market. In some ways, there are a lot of ways we could take advantage of it. I would prefer not to take advantage of it.
I'd prefer to just reinstate deliveries with our China customers. But anyway, that's the course we're on. It hasn't really changed much. But it is really hard for me to find signals that things are going to change in China and move in our direction. So hopefully, that will give you everything you need here in terms of the way we're likely to move.

Yes. Ron, I'm not going to comment on the past. I'm not sure that's helpful to anybody. Our need to focus on free cash flow is a result of having taken a significant amount of debt on in light of the crisis that we had, some self-inflected. Some definitely COVID related as it relates to the marketplace and all the things that we've had to contend with.
So we took on a lot of debt. Shareholders told us it would be great if you got rid of that debt sooner rather than later. And so we've been focused on free cash flow. It is a great metric, period, in terms of how we measure all of our people and the work that we're doing. It does not suggest that we have stopped investing in new capabilities that will ultimately differentiate this company and bring it right back to the leadership role that's always enjoyed.
So I'm probably not going to take the bait. I do have confidence that we are doing exactly what we need to be doing, and the free cash flow metric is a very clear indicator of performance not just in the near term but also the medium and long term. So I'm sorry, but that's the answer.

Well, Thanks, Ron. They all have to go through a prescribed set of rework. We've been very clear on that. And we've contemplated what that is going to take and now it's up to our great team in Charleston and in Everett to get that work done. And it's going -- well, it's early innings, but it's going well, and we have high confidence that they will get done what they need to do to get those inventoried airplanes in the customers' hands over the next 2 years.

Yes. So just in context, things are getting better. They are getting your hands around things and they're beginning to project forward. The real issue for us is simply when I refer to constraints, it's because we have such huge demand for the airplanes that we wish we could do double the rates. That is why we will refer to this as a constraint and a difficulty. The measurement of where engines are going with respect to Airbus versus us is the easiest thing in the world to measure. And so we're well aware of it, and we don't see any indication that one's being favored over another.
And then with respect to maybe suggestions that they're not having any trouble, that's not what the industry tells us. And frankly, that's up for them to explain and to all of you, and I'm sure they will. So I'm not worried about this as the industry favoring one over the other. It's too easy for both sides to measure and to hold people accountable. And yes, it's improving, but it's nowhere near where we all want it to be because the demand or demand on our airplanes is just so strong. Right.

Yes. We're short of engines. We have a clear picture of what it's going to take to make it up, and we'll get back on rate. But yes, the answer is yes.

Well, that's a big complex and macro question, and I'll start with us. We have brought on 10,000 people. We are at a head count level that we think can handle rate increases and all the things that we need inside our own shop. We have significant training and development programs and investments that are being made as we speak, so that we are productive with the introduction of all of these new people.
I don't have a number with respect to all of the supply chain constraints and labor shortages that they might have. But a lot of our constraints in -- with those suppliers that represent constraints are labor related. Some like in the casting world, are a little more labor and experience related because, you may know in the casting world, that is not a simple process. It's not just bring in people and start them up. There's a real learning curve and cycle that is needed to sort of ramp up capacity.
So I can't -- I don't have a sort of big number for you. I wish I did. I know this. All of us, all of us in this industry are wrestling through these constraints. We try to compare notes. We're trying to help our suppliers on the commodity side with our own contracts and the application of those contracts to their needs. And then on the labor side, anything that we can do to help them find people, that's what we do. And we often second or send our own people out there to help them.
So it's -- this is just what we're in. I think it's going to take probably all of next year before things really do begin to stabilize because we begin to see layoffs in other industries. We definitely feel that in the software world. We're not having any kind of trouble bringing in the engineering resources that we need, particularly as it relates to software development because the rest of the industry that competes with us is beginning to soften considerably. So I wish I had a big specific number and an easy resolution. I don't. This is what we're in or we're going to struggle through all year next year.

It's a great question. Number one, I -- the wide-body world is heating up. There are some significant orders out there that we're all competing for. So that's just a reflection of the markets that are returning, largely in an international base, but a lot of domestic carriers as well. So anyway, a big robust. The answer on China is just as you're suggesting and the premise that underlies it, which is -- that is the airplane they are going to likely need from us more than any other. They don't have a domestic alternative. And I don't believe that a single provider from France can meet those requirements.
So -- and we do get orders, but they're -- I put them in the incremental category for airplanes, large wide-bodies, freighters in particular, from China. Does that ramp up? It's not something we're counting on, but it could. And if it does, that will compete for a very crowded skyline. So again, if China really does rebound and we can get the geopolitical tensions to come down somewhat, that's going to present another challenge for us on the demand and the supply front but one we would welcome and probably be upside to whatever guidance we provide next week.

[indiscernible]  I'll start, and then I'll let Brian into talk. So the best, I mean, fact set that we can give is, number one, we're getting closer to the end of these programs. So we're getting work done. We know more. We see more. We're also running out of time with respect to learning curves. There's no time to develop learning curves. They take a couple of years. We don't have a couple of years. We're -- so we don't have any baked-in learning curves anymore. We are simply saying these supply constrained -- supply constraints that we're facing today will not end until we finish. So we're trying to assess these programs with real clarity and realism with respect to what we're experiencing now and not projecting significant improvements in the future. So, it's -- for me, that's sort of the set around it. It's definitely the way we went into it. And of course, Brian has been through every little detail. So Brian, I'll let you add.

Brian, probably I'll let you grab that one.

You know in making comparisons across our companies. Our BDS is programs only. It's not including the government services part of our business, which continues to run reasonably healthy margins and does its thing. So I know you know that, but I just want to point it out.

Better numbers, better performance, better everything. So I don't want to tell you anything other than that. Our objective is to make sure these tankers are doing the job for our military customer. That is it. That's all we're focused on, and they are doing that, and they are now permitted to do all the missions that are required.
So we are knocking down risk and we are implementing these programs. And so I am confident we're going to get where we need to get, and you'll be confident when you see the numbers play out the way I expect them to play out.

Doug, no, I can try to reconcile numbers. All I can tell you is I personally witnessed alongside my counterpart on the reconciliation of the engines we need to deliver the airplanes and the engines they're producing on weekly rates. And so we just have -- we have a gap. We got room to make up, and we're going to get there, but it's going to be at a constrained rate and we know that. And that's what we're trying to factor into our forward looks and that is what you will see when we get together next week.
So there's no -- there is no other constraint, Doug, with respect to our rate projections and others. There are lots of weekly constraints that just simply impact the stability of the line. But they are not going to be rate limiters, either short term or long term. It will boil down to engines and the competition for castings between Pratt and CFM.