Thank you, Maurita, and good morning. Let me begin today with a brief overview of our 2018 operating performance, followed by an update on the business environment and our expectations going forward. After that, Greg will walk you through the details of our financial results and outlook.
With that, let's move to Slide 2. Thanks to the dedicated efforts of our teams across the company, Boeing delivered strong 2018 financial results that included record revenue, earnings per share and operating cash flow driven by record commercial aircraft deliveries, higher Defense, Space & Securities and services volume and strong performance. And all of our 3 businesses increased their backlog in 2018. 
We sharpened our focus on profitable, sustained, long-term growth strategies; disciplined execution of our production and development programs; delivering greater life cycle value, including growing our services business; and driving further quality, safety and productivity gains across the enterprise. 
For the full year, we generated record operating cash flow of $15.3 billion. We repurchased 26.1 million shares for $9 billion and made dividend payments totaling $3.9 billion in 2018. We continued to deliver on our commitments of returning cash to shareholders while investing in our people, innovation and future growth.
In December, our Board of Directors authorized a new $20 billion share repurchase program and a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend. The increase is a part of our balanced cash deployment strategy and reflects the confidence we have in our strong lineup of products and services and our long-term outlook for the business.
Turning to our core operating performance for the year. Boeing Commercial Airplanes generated revenue of $60.7 billion, reflecting a record 806 deliveries including the delivery of the first 787-10 Dreamliner and the first 737 MAX 9. During the year, we delivered 256 MAX airplanes, nearly half of the total 737 deliveries. 
Continued healthy sales activity contributed to 893 net new airplane orders during the year, adding to our robust backlog stands at nearly 5,900 airplanes and it's worth $412 billion.  Our backlog equates to about 7 years of production at current rates.
Key Commercial Airplane milestones in 2018 included the delivery of the 787th 787 Dreamliner and the first airplane from the new 737 completion center in China. The 737 program increased its production rate to 52 per month and made good progress on its recovery plans to mitigate supply chain challenges with 173 aircraft delivered in the fourth quarter.  Also in the year, we completed the first flight of the 737 MAX 7 and delivered the first MAX Boeing Business Jet airplane. 
The 777X program achieved a number of key milestones last year as we rolled out the static test airplane and began production of the flight test airplanes. We recently completed final body join for the first flight test airplane and turned on its electrically powered systems. We plan to start flight testing this year and remain on track for the first 777X delivery in 2020.
Meanwhile, the 787 program further matured its rate readiness. We have started transitioning to 14 per month in our factories and supply chain as we prepare to begin delivering at this higher rate. We expect to complete the transition in the second quarter.
Now over to Defense, Space & Security. BDS reported revenue of $23.2 billion, a 13% growth year-on-year, reflecting higher volume across its business. BDS booked $36 billion of new orders during the year, including wins on important new franchise opportunities, like the T-X trainer, the MQ-25 unmanned aircraft and the MH-139 helicopter. 
More recently in the fourth quarter, BDS was awarded contracts to modernize the entire Spanish Chinook helicopter fleet and a joint ground system to provide tactical satellite communications for the U.S. Air Force.
BDS made progress on a number of critical program milestones, including delivering the first 2 KC-46 tankers to the U.S. Air Force earlier this month. Two more tankers have been accepted by the Air Force, and we expect to deliver these aircraft imminently. 
We look forward to working with the Air Force and the Navy during their initial operational tests and evaluation of the KC-46 as we further demonstrate the operational capabilities of this next-generation aircraft across refueling, mobility and combat weapon systems missions.
Additionally, we received the contract to provide the second KC-46 international tanker to Japan. This highlights the broader demand and market opportunity that we see for this program.
Other key operational milestones for BDS included the unveiling of the SB>1 DEFIANT helicopter Boeing and Sikorsky are developing for the U.S. Army's joint multi-role technology demonstrator program and completing another Minuteman III flight test. 
We're continuing to ramp up the activities for the T-X and MQ-25 programs. These wins are the culmination of years of unwavering focus, improving our technology and derisking the programs. We have developed and flight tested 2 all-new, production-ready T-X jets with 76 flight tests having been completed to date. We've already seen strong interest as well for the T-X from outside of the U.S.
On MQ-25, we have demonstrated deck handling and engine trials. Our MQ-25 prototype aircraft is currently in ground test and expected to undergo first flight this year.
Now turning to Global Services. BGS reported revenue of $17 billion, representing 17% growth year-on-year. Since its operations began in July of 2017, BGS growth has consistently outpaced the average for the services market.
BGS continues to win new business, highlighting the value we bring to our broad range of commercial and government customers and the strength of our One Boeing offerings. 
BGS booked new orders totaling approximately $18 billion in 2018. Key awards included support services and sustainment contracts for military customers globally, such as the recent C-17, F/A-18 and F-22 contracts with U.S. Navy and Air Force and F-15 for Qatar. 
In addition to the strong momentum in its parts and supply chain business, BGS continues to expand its market-leading digital solution portfolio and customer base. In the fourth quarter, more than 5,300 commercial and military aircraft were monitored in flight by Airplane Health Management, a cloud-based, real-time health monitoring solution.
Adding to the list our digital analytics customers, Shenzhen Airlines recently signed up for crew pairing and rostering services. Shenzhen will be the first airline in China to use Boeing AnalytX-powered crew management solutions, bringing the most advanced data analytics capabilities to the airlines, allow them to focus on their core business of serving their customers while improving efficiency and costs.
In the fourth quarter, we also completed acquisition of KLX, a major global provider of aviation parts and services, boosting our supply chain capability enables us to better serve our customers while profitably and purposefully growing our business. Our integration activities continue to progress well. We've retained top KLX talent and are on track to achieve or exceed our business case synergy value. 
Additionally, last year, we started operations for our airplane seat joint venture with Adient and auxiliary power units joint venture with Safran. These partnerships support Boeing's vertical integration strategy to strengthen in-house capabilities and depth in key areas to offer better products that deliver greater value to our customers, grow our services business and generate greater life cycle value.
We've also made progress in our strategic partnership with Embraer. We recently received approval by the government of Brazil and signed the definitive agreements with Embraer. The Embraer shareholder vote, scheduled for February 26, is the next major milestone.
Over the coming months, we'll continue to work with Embraer, global regulators and other stakeholders to complete the transaction and create the most important strategic partnership in the aerospace industry. Assuming the approvals are received in a timely manner, we expect to close the transaction by the end of this year. 
In summary, we delivered another year of strong operating performance, captured noteworthy additions to our large and diverse backlog, returned significant cash to our shareholders, invested in our people and our business to drive innovation and excellence and complemented our organic growth with planned strategic inorganic investments. 
With that, let's turn to the business environment on Slide 3. We continue to see healthy global demand for our offerings in commercial, defense, space and services. These are sizable sectors that are growing and backed by strong fundamentals with a combined market opportunity of $8.1 trillion over the next 10 years.
I would note that as a global company with customers in 150 countries, we are always mindful of the potential impact of geopolitical and macroeconomic forces. We continue to track a host of near-term issues and mitigate potential risks as appropriate. We value and maintain strong relationships with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders around the world, reinforcing the mutual economic benefits of a strong and prosperous aerospace industry.
In commercial aviation, global passenger traffic continues to grow faster than GDP and long-term trends. For 2018, passenger traffic grew 6.6% through November, representing the ninth straight year of above-trend growth. We believe the changing nature of travel, with more connected city pairs and a rising middle class, has fundamentally expanded traffic patterns and supports sustained growth. At the same time, airlines are maintaining capacity discipline, keeping supply and demand in balance as industry profitability remains near historic highs.
Meanwhile, air cargo continued its solid momentum in 2018 with traffic increasing nearly 4% through November.
Our customers continue to recognize the superior value proposition of our more fuel-efficient airplanes as reflected in the strong intake of new orders we saw last year. For 2019, we expect to see our new order intake to be moderated but still at a healthy pace. 
Our sales expectations are built on the diverse demand that we're seeing around the world and across airline business models. There also is more balance between airplanes purchased for fleet growth and replacement, leading to more stable purchasing patterns. We believe the evolution in these key market dynamics, in aggregate, continues to drive less cyclicality for our industry.
Over the long term, we remain highly confident in our outlook, which forecasts a demand for nearly 43,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years, which will help double the size of the global fleet. These long-term demand fundamentals, combined with healthy market conditions and a robust backlog, provide a solid foundation for our planned production rates.
Now turning to our product segments, starting with the narrowbody. Our current production rate of 52 per month and planned increase to 57 this year is based on our backlog of more than 4,700 aircraft and a production skyline that is sold out into early next decade. The 737 program added 13 new customers during the year and the MAX family surpassed 5,000 net orders in December. We continue to assess the market upward pressure on the 737 production rate.
As with all rate increases, we continue to assess the supply chain readiness as well as the market demand in an integrated manner as part of our disciplined decision-making.
In the widebody segment, we have seen steady orders with the 787 and the 777 and have high confidence in a meaningful increase in widebody replacement demand early next decade.
The current generation 777 continued its steady sales momentum with 51 net orders. The 777 program has captured more than 2,000 orders since its launch. These additional orders brought the backlog to 100 aircraft and provide further support for the 777 bridge.
Turning to the 777X. We recently launched our Boeing Business Jet variant, the longest range business jet ever that can connect virtually any 2 cities in the world. We have a strong foundation of 340 orders and commitments for the 777X, which support our plan for ramping up production and delivery of this new aircraft. We're focused on further bolstering the 777X skyline.
The combined 777, 777X production rate is 5 per month. As we transition to 777X, we continue to expect the delivery rate to be approximately 3.5 aircraft per month in 2019, and we expect the delivery rate to increase slightly in 2020 as we continue to assess 777 demand as well as 777X timing.
The 787 Dreamliner extended its status as the fastest selling twin-aisle jet in history with 109 net orders last year or more than 1,400 since the program launched. Highlights include Hawaiian Airlines and Turkish Airlines becoming new 787 customers. American Airlines and United Airlines added to the growing list of repeat 787 Dreamliner customers, highlighting the strong market preference for the 787 family and its superior value. 
With more than 600 in the backlog, our planned increased Dreamliner production to 14 airplanes per month this year is well supported.
Turning to our 747 and 767 programs. With our unmatched freighter product lines, we are well positioned to capture the increased cargo demand. We added 4 new orders for the 747 in the fourth quarter. And as previously announced, we plan to increase 767 production rate from 2.5 per month to 3 per month in 2020.
At Defense, Space & Security, we continue to see solid demand for our major platforms and programs. The BDS portfolio is well positioned with a mature world-class set of platforms to address current needs and innovative, capable and affordable new franchise programs to build the future.
We expect to continue to see broad support for our products from the Pentagon and Congress. The fiscal year 2019 defense bill has authorized the fourth multiyear procurement for the F/A-18 fighter, added funding for additional rotorcraft, funded the requested quantities for our key programs across our fixed wing and commercial-derivative aircraft portfolios and supported our missile, space and satellite products.
While the fiscal year 2019 NASA appropriations have not yet been enacted, Congress has also demonstrated robust support for our key space exploration programs. 
Demand from outside of U.S. for our defense and space offerings also remains high, in particular for rotorcraft, commercial derivatives, fighters and satellites.
Our investment in future growth and new sales continues in areas that are priorities for our customers. We will continue to leverage capabilities and technologies from across our enterprise to win important opportunities such as the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent. 
Turning to the services sector. We see the $2.8 trillion services market over the next 10 years as a significant growth opportunity for our company. BGS provides agile, cost-competitive services to our customers worldwide. We aim to continue growing faster than the average services market growth rate of 3.5% as we further expand our broad portfolio of services offerings and continue to gain market share.
BGS' 17% year-on-year revenue increase solidifies our confidence in the growth opportunity and our team's ability to capture it. Strong orders of $18 billion in the year reflect our customers' recognition of our value proposition in helping them optimize the performance of their fleets and reduce operational costs through the life cycle.
Our focus for BGS remains on optimizing the business and expanding our portfolio offerings through organic growth investments, such as strengthening our vertical capabilities, complemented by strategic acquisitions and partnership to position BGS for sustained, long-term and profitable growth.
Our expertise, the global reach of our business and our strong customer partnerships have us well positioned to compete and win in this important sector.
In summary, with growing markets and opportunities ahead, our team remains intensely focused on growth, innovation and accelerating productivity improvements to fuel our investments in the future.
For example, the first test flight of our autonomous passenger air vehicle prototype last week shows our efforts to continue to lead with a safe, innovative and responsible approach to new mobility solutions.
Our One Boeing strategy and offerings across our 3 businesses are key differentiators that help cement our position as the world's leading aerospace company.
With that, Greg, over to you for the financial results.

All right. Thanks, Greg. 2018 was a year of strong performance and record results on many different fronts, operationally and financially, a demonstration of how our team remains focused on further driving both growth and productivity. These results were achieved through the hard work and dedication of our employees and the great partnerships that we have with our customers and suppliers.
In addition to the strong commercial airplane market dynamics I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we've taken our own actions to reduce cyclicality in our business. This includes remaining disciplined in our production rate decisions, derisking our pension liabilities, strategically phasing our research and development spending, creating labor stability with long-term contracts and expanding our services business, which is also less cyclical. 
We've executed on our long-term strategy of robust and continuing organic growth investment and returning value to our shareholders, complemented by strategic acquisitions and partnerships that enhance and accelerate our growth plans. 
The planned strategic partnerships with Embraer, the recent KLX acquisition and the seats and APU joint ventures are entirely consistent with this strategy. 
Our priorities going forward are to leverage our unique One Boeing advantages, continue building strength on strength to deliver and improve on our commitments and to stretch beyond those plans and sharpen and accelerate our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts.
As always, we'll continue to keep a close eye on the geopolitical and macroeconomic forces and prudently manage risks. 
Achieving these objectives will require a clear and consistent focus on the profitable ramp-up in commercial airplane production; continuing to strengthen our Defense, Space & Security business; growing our integrated services business and leveraging the power of our 3 business unit strategy; delivering on our development programs; driving world-class levels of productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth; disciplined, leading-edge investments and a balanced, value-creating cash deployment strategy; and continuing to develop and maintain the best team and talent in the industry, all of which position Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top and bottom line growth and increasing value for our customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. 
With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.

Rajeev, good question. Certainly, 737 production system health remains a key focus for us. As you can see by the fourth quarter deliveries with 173 in the quarter and 69 in December, you have good signs of recovering to our production plan. You can also see the increased rates reflected in our total year guidance for deliveries for 2019 as we continue to ramp up. I would say we still have work to do on the recovery efforts. We've seen some good, solid progress. We still have work to do inside our own factories and in our supply chain, and that is a daily and weekly focus for us, very intense effort. I'll say within the supply chain, we've seen some solid recovery in several areas. We still have some areas that need work, including engines. And we're doing some additional work with CFM, including deploying some additional Boeing personnel to their factories and to their sub-tier suppliers. So that's one area that will have some additional focus for us in the first quarter. And as Greg mentioned, just in terms of production profile for the year, we expect the first quarter to be the lightest quarter of the year, and we expect January to be the lightest month within that quarter. So we're going to continue to work hard on production system health and recovery. And then as you alluded to, at the same time, we're moving forward on our plans to ramp up to 57 a month during the year. Some elements of the supply chain have already moved to that position. We still have some work to do before we move the entire line to 57 a month. And we're going to be very, very disciplined in that process. Again, we're making good progress, we know exactly what needs to be done. But we're going to just look at this through very clear eyes and step through it day by day, week by week and make sure that we, in a very disciplined and smooth way, move to 57 a month. I think we learned some lessons from the 52 a month step that we did last year. And those lessons are certainly being applied this year on the 57 a month rate change. But you see all of that, again, reflected in our plans and our guidance for 2019.

Yes. Myles, I'd say first of all, if you take a look at NMA, we're still working through that same disciplined decision process that we've talked about previously. We're making progress on that. We've had very productive conversations with customers. We understand the market. It's clear that there's a market need, but we're working through the details of the business case. And as we said, we're going to be very disciplined on how we do that. And while we're making progress, we're not up to our decision point yet. And just to provide clarity on that, as we've mentioned before, we do see a decision point this year, and that is a decision of whether we would offer the airplane in the market. And we need to complete the business case analysis before we arrive at that decision, but that is one that's for this year. And then assuming a positive market response or depending on the market response, we'll make the final launch decision next year. So it's a 2-step decision process, as we've always done with Commercial Airplanes and a very disciplined process. All of that, we're continuing to work our development program work and maturing the technologies, reducing risk in parallel to protect a 2025 EIS or entry into service. We think that remains important to our customers, so we're working all of that in parallel. And again, we'll march in a disciplined way through our decision process. Our assessment of the market and the size of that market hasn't changed. Now to your broader question on orders and how the market's looking. Again, we've continued to see strong demand signals. I think you see that reflected in the orders volume for this past year with 806 deliveries and 893 orders. And while as I said, we expect some moderation or timing on orders going forward, we have a very robust backlog position with about 7 years of backlog -- equivalent backlog in position now. If you look at the stats on traffic growth, cargo, global, expansion of route structures, all the fundamentals remain very strong. And we're encouraged by that. So we expect to see continuing, steady orders volume. I wouldn't expect that to change significantly depending on the NMA decision. So we're going to be in the marketplace continuing to compete and win. I guess, one other reminder on NMA, if we do decide to proceed with the authority to offer, don't expect a big change in the R&D profile. This is all part of our plan to R&D profile. As Greg said earlier, we expect R&D to continue to be roughly the same in terms of percentage of revenue going forward. So as revenue grows, you'll see some R&D growth. It'll be at the same percent. And if we launch NMA, it will feather in on the backside of 777X. So from a profile standpoint, it fits very nicely. Greg, anything you want to add on that?

Rob, we're not slowing down. So as we said, we set a target. We've been aggressively pursuing that. We've made some great progress. I'm proud of the team's efforts there. But the competition is only getting tougher, and we're not going to slow down. So the pace of progress you've seen is the pace of progress we aim to sustain. And what we're looking for is continued year-over-year margin and cash flow growth. That's part of our planning. That's the framework that we've set up for the team, and we're going to continue to push with that pace.

All included in the guidance.

To that, Doug, there's also a big benefit from the high level of manufacturing commonality between the -10 and 9, which accelerates and reinforces what Greg said. And then the value proposition for that airplane in the market with our customers, it's very clear that it's generating value and it's winning in the marketplace. So on the pricing side, it's holding up well there as well just because of the value it's creating for our customers.

Seth, we're working both in parallel. Certainly, during the last year, we've seen some great progress on the 777 with 51 net orders in the year. And that's really strengthened the bridge that we're building, 777 to 777X. We still have some work to do to fill out the remainder of the bridge, but our confidence continues to grow in our ability to do that. And as we've made that progress, we're now shifting our teams more and more to 777X opportunities. As you said, we do see a high wave of replacement demand early in the next decade, but that means those sales campaigns are underway now. So those are very active. We're very engaged with a number of customers around the world. The 777X clearly is bringing a value proposition to the market that's attractive. And you'll see us focusing more and more on those 777X campaigns here during this coming year. So that's a very near-term effort as well. And all of that is consistent with the investment profile and the production system ramp and transition that we talked about earlier.

Yes. Just for clarity, 2020 production system will be operating in 5 months. So we look at delivery rate slightly increasing over the current 3.5 month delivery rate. That's the combination of 777s and 777Xs that Greg mentioned.

Yes. And just to reinforce that, Sheila, as Greg said, a lot of moving parts here, but the sustained margin growth trend is one that's long term. So we expect to continue to see year-over-year margin growth in 2019 and further growth in 2020 and beyond. So this is all about long-term, sustained top and bottom line growth. And the game book that we're operating here will drive that year-over-year.

Yes. Hunter, let me take on the first one there. The process we're talking about here, the decision process is identical to what we've used in all of our previous programs. So this year's decision is what we call authority to offer. That's based on a business case and our ability to go and have deep, detailed discussions with customers. That will be something that will be publicly announced once we make our decision around that. So that will be information that you'll see and that will initiate deep and meaningful customer conversations. And then depending on the market response and our ability to build the right kind of group of launch customers, then we get to an official launch or authority to launch decision next year. So both of those steps are typically public steps and ones that you would see. Again, I want to reemphasize the discipline that we're putting into these. These are not only decisions related to the airplane in that market, there are also decisions related to the enterprise transformation objectives that we have in terms of production system for the future. So we're looking at this as a total enterprise effort and really being very disciplined in our business case analysis. And then your second question, Hunter?

Yes. We've talked extensively with customers here, more than 60 customers and very consistent feedback. And we do see several different market segments and potential applications for this airplane. We do see a market need here that's in between today's narrowbody and widebody families. It's a market area that really cannot be addressed by modifying those existing platforms and aircraft. Some of that is medium-haul, medium-range segments that today are being served by, I'll say, inefficient use of widebodies. And we see that as an opportunity for airline customers to gain efficiency. But a good portion of this is also a creation of new medium-range route structures. And just as we saw with the introduction of the 787 where we saw roughly already 200 new city pairs emerge because of the capability of the airplane in the medium-range marketplace, again, 4,000 to 5000 mile kind of range, we see an opportunity for significant regional city pair growth from this airplane. And that's another area where we're gaining customer feedback. So there are multiple segments of applicability, significant customer interest. The key here is for us to build a business case that's going to create value for our customers as well as value for our company and our shareholders. And that's the work we still need to finish.

Yes. Ron, you've made the right calculation there. So as I mentioned, we are well into the 14 a month rate step on 787, and we expect to complete that transition in the second quarter. So that's moving forward very briskly and on track. On the 737, we've already moved parts of the supply chain to 57 a month, but we still have some work to do on some elements of the supply chain, in particular with engines and CFM. And we're not going to make that full transition to 57 a month until we're very confident that we're ready. And it's important that we do that in a very disciplined way. So you can back into the number mathematically with about 900 deliveries for the year. Note that, that 900 roughly deliveries for the year also includes the military derivatives, the P-8, tankers are all included in that number just for clarity.

It's one of the parameters that we think through any time we're thinking about investments for the future. I think as we relayed earlier, we fundamentally have changed our R&D investment strategy for the company, so that it's feathered over the long term where we can sequence development programs, so that we gain the benefits of continuous development and lessons learned program to program rather than stacking multiple development programs on top of each other. And that's the way we're thinking through NMA as well, so not only the development program for that particular airplane and the market it will serve, but also how do we sequence it, how do we leverage learnings from 777X, how do we leverage what we're learning from things like T-X and roll that into NMA and then how could we use an NMA investment to think about leverage and creating the production system for the even more distant future, whether that be some future narrowbody airplane or other alternatives that we might invest in. But think of this as a continuum of R&D efforts. This, again, is all key to creating a sustained growth business where top and bottom line are both long-term sustained growth levels. That is our approach here, and so we're thinking about NMA in that multi-program concept.

Yes. Peter, we continue to see strong order momentum there. I think just another sign of it, this week earlier, you saw ANA's announcement about their intent to buy the MAX. And that's another addition to the fleet there. So you see continued momentum on the MAX sales front. That airplane is creating value in the market for our customers. And we are oversold against our production profile. We talked earlier about ramping up to 57 a month. We are oversold against that profile. We're filling skyline slots way out in 2023. We continue see upward market pressure overall on the production rate as a result. And we think the demand for that airplane continues to be sustained. So while we had great orders, volume and momentum this year, and I mentioned we might see some moderation in that demand this coming year, we still expect book-to-bill to be in that sort of 1:1 range. And there's always timing variability. But in terms of the MAX, the demand signals in the marketplace continue to be very strong.

Yes. Andrew, let me touch on the China question first. We continue to see strong demand in China overall in terms of market dynamics. As I said earlier, over the 20 years, we see a world that needs about 43,000 new commercial airplanes. We remain very confident in that outlook, and about 7,700 of those 43,000 are in China. And that remains solid. Traffic patterns in China continue to progress. We're seeing passenger growth there that exceeds the overall market growth around the world, and we also see passenger traffic growth there continuing to exceed GDP growth. So those market fundamentals remain strongly in place. In terms of orders volume in China, that's typically paced by timing of their 5-year planning. So it tends to come in waves. So that's why we -- again, as we look to the future, we expect to see some timing adjustments on orders. But overall, volume over the long term remains very strong. And that really applies to my broader comment, too, about moderation of orders in 2019. As we look to the long term, the market fundamentals are very strong. And we see long-term volume of orders continuing to grow and adding to backlog. It just gets into a question of local timing quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year as our customers meet their fleet needs. So nothing here that I would say is a macro trend or a substantial change. We just see fundamental aerospace growth and air traffic growth as a long-term, sustainable trend. And with a backlog of about 5,900 aircraft or roughly 7 years in production, that gives us the ability to weather any local variations and maintain a long-term view in terms of sustained growth.

Yes. Julie, on your first question regarding China, that was exactly my point earlier given the 5-year planning cycle there. We're having ongoing discussions with our customers in China, the Chinese government, the U.S. government. This also factors into the trade dialogue between the U.S. and China. So these are all factors that we're very much engaged in. Again, we expect China is a long-term growth market for us, but exactly how those efforts play out over the next quarter or 2 is still an open question as we proceed with trade discussions. I can tell you, having been intimately involved in the discussions and engagement with the governments, both in U.S. and China, we see progress on that front. We see convergence. And we also see that there's clearly a neutral benefit to having a healthy aerospace industry for both the U.S. and China. China needs the airplanes for growth to fuel their economy and to meet their passenger growth and cargo growth needs. And here in the U.S., our aerospace business is a tremendous U.S. jobs generator, manufacturing jobs. We hired 34,000 people last year. And we, as an aerospace industry here in the U.S., create about an $80 billion a year trade surplus for the country. So there's mutual interest in a healthy aerospace business. We expect that to lead to productive trade discussions between the U.S. and China or at least be part of that. And then that will factor into the ultimate orders volume and timing with China. So that's just a little additional context there. Regarding your CFM question, it's not unusual for us to have Boeing personnel at our suppliers' sites and down into their supply chain. That's a very typical process that we would have. But I will say again, as it goes to 737, one of the supply chain health issues that we're spending a lot of time on right now is engines and our work with CFM. And so we are deploying additional resources with them into their factories and supply chain. We do expect to recover, we're seeing signs of recovery, but we still have work to go. And being deeply engaged in our supply chain is part of how we do business.

Yes. Sylvia, we're continuing to keep a very close eye on that, as you might guess. And again, we're very involved in the discussion. That said, we're committed to our operations in the U.K. We've ramped up significantly over the last many years, roughly doubling the size of our operations, roughly tripling the size of our supply chain in the U.K. And those are long-term, sustained investments. And we don't expect that to change based on the outcome of Brexit. That said, we're keeping a very close eye on it and making sure it doesn't impact our operations. I think just as a further sign of our commitment in the U.K., you'll note that during the last year, we opened our new operation in Sheffield where we're doing some advanced manufacturing work. That's also helping us to build out our actuation vertical capability. So just another example of our long-term commitment to the U.K. and the investments that we'll continue to make.

Yes, Dominic, first of all, as you saw in our December deliveries, as you alluded to, we did see some recovery across our supply chain, including engine supply, and that enabled us to drive those December deliveries of 69 aircraft. But we were not yet fully recovered at that point, so we've continued to work supply chain recovery. And there's still work to go there. There's nothing here that I would say is an issue associated with having to change a configuration or make that kind of alteration to the engine. This is really about just ramping up production and doing it efficiently and being able to get a linear profile of engine deliveries that matches up with our factory production rate for the airplane and synchronizing those production systems. That's really what we're focused on. We still have work to go to get CFM to be supporting our 52 a month production rate and having those systems synchronized; and then even more work to go yet to get them ramped up to 57 a month. And that's really what we're focused on. This is about production system ramp-up and synchronization. And by us getting deeper into their factories, it's going to give us better insights on long lead items. And frankly, it will, I think, help us do best practice sharing between Boeing and CFM, which is part of how we operate, right? That will make us better and it will make CFM better. And that's the work that we plan to be very focused on in the first quarter. And timing of that is reflected in our overall delivery guidance for the year, so you can see that factored in. But we're going to be very, very disciplined about ensuring supply chain health before we fully move to the 57 a month production rate.