Yes. Thank you, Maurita, and good morning, everyone. I hope you're all staying safe and healthy as we navigate this global pandemic. On behalf of Boeing, I want to share our heartfelt thoughts and support for those in India, who are coping with the devastating and deadly impact of this most recent COVID-19 surge. 
If we think back to where we were a year ago as the impact of COVID-19 began to unfold, it's been quite a year. While it has been challenging, we saw the U.S. industry and government come together to support one another like never before. And thankfully, we view 2021 as a critical inflection point for our industry and a proof point for those public investments. While a full recovery is still likely a few years away, we're seeing encouraging signs, including progress on vaccine distribution in many countries and domestic travel recovery in certain markets. I remind everyone at the outset, we never imagine vaccines would be developed and distributed this early in the pandemic.
We continue to adapt to new ways of conducting our business and remain dedicated to supporting our teammates and their families as well as our customers and the communities where we operate. So let me start with an update on the business on the next chart. Starting with the 737 program. As all of you know, we have identified electrical issues in certain locations in the flight deck of select 737 MAX airplanes. We are finalizing the plans and documentation with the FAA to outline the process required for operators to return their airplanes to service. Upon approval by the FAA, we expect the work to take a few days per airplane. Approximately 100 in-service airplanes are impacted. We will complete this same work on airplanes in our inventory.
We have also paused deliveries while we address these issues. which will make our April deliveries very light. At this time, we expect to catch up on deliveries over the balance of the year. We recognize and regret the impact this has had on our customers' operations and are focused on ensuring that their airplanes are ready for the summer season. More broadly, in the last several months, we've made important progress in safely returning the MAX to service worldwide. Since the FAA's ungrounding late last year, more than 165 countries have now approved the resumption of MAX operations. We've delivered more -- 85 MAX airplanes to customers, 21 airlines have returned their fleets to service and we've safely flown more than 26,000 commercial flights, totaling more than 58,000 flight hours.
We also recently received regulatory approval for the 8-200 variant of the 737, an important aircraft for our valued customer, Ryanair. We now assume that the remaining non-U.S. regulatory approvals will occur this year, with approval in China most likely now in the second half of the year. As always, we will continue to work with the global regulators and follow their lead in the steps ahead.
Our first priority remains assisting our customers with returning their parked fleet to service. More than 1/3 of the previously parked fleet is now flying revenue-generating flights. We're also honored and encouraged by the orders from Southwest Airlines, United Airlines and Alaska Airlines in the quarter, along with an order last week from Dubai Aerospace Enterprise, and the trust our customers are placing in Boeing and in the 737 family. These orders underscore our customers' commitment to continued modernization of their fleet with 737 airplanes that enable operational efficiencies, such as improved fuel burn, which reduced carbon emissions; quieter engines that benefit the communities they serve; and excellent dispatch reliability to support on-time operations. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately 3,200 aircraft in our 737 backlog.
We're currently producing at a low rate and expect to gradually increase the rate to 31 per month in early 2022, with further gradual increases corresponding with marker demand. We will continue to assess the production rate plan as we monitor the market environment and engage in customer discussions. The timing of remaining regulatory approvals will also determine our delivery plans and shape our production ramp up. We will continue to communicate transparently with our supply chain to ensure readiness and stability.
Turning to the 787 program. We resumed deliveries in March following rigorous testing and analysis and are closely coordinating with our customers. We will follow the FAA -- or the FAA has been involved every step of the way in this process. We've delivered a total of 9 787s since restarting deliveries last month with potentially a couple more by the end of this week. Based on what we know today, we still expect to deliver the majority of the 787 aircraft currently in inventory by the end of the year. We will closely monitor the market environment and keep you updated on delivery progress. As we've previously communicated in March, we consolidated the 787 final assembly to Boeing South Carolina, which went smoothly. Also, we transitioned to a low production rate of 5 by the end of the quarter. 
On the 777X program, we're working closely with global regulators on all aspects of development, including our rigorous test program. Our team remains focused on executing this comprehensive series of tests to demonstrate the safety and the reliability of the airplane's design, and we're pleased with the progress that we've made to date. We're also providing regular updates to our customers and still anticipate that the first 777X delivery will occur late in 2023. As planned, we are transitioning the combined 777, 777X production rate to 2 per month. We also continue to see strong freighter demand and are assessing out production plans to efficiently transition to the 777X.
In addition to our commercial programs, we've continued to deliver for our Defense, Space and Services customers. As we reach these program milestones, we're firmly grounded and guided by our core values: safety, quality and integrity. Let me highlight a few of these accomplishments. Our Defense, Security & Space team began production of the T-7A Red Hawk advance trainer and achieved first flight and delivery of the F-15EX to the U.S. Air Force with the second aircraft delivering just last week.
On the KC-46A Tanker program, the U.S. Air Force has began demonstrating limited operational use for air refueling as well as cargo and passenger airlift operations, and has safely conducted over 1,400 missions over the last 6 months. We also successfully completed hot fire testing for NASA's Space Launch System, SLS, rocket. Additionally, our global services team delivered the 50th 737-800 Boeing Converted Freighter and inducted our first EA-18G Growler for the U.S. Navy modifications.
We also continue to manage the COVID-19 disruption on our programs, including impacts to the VC-25B program, where employee clearance constraints impedes our ability to exchange mechanics when quarantines are required. In addition to operational and programmatic highlights, we've also maintained significant emphasis on sustainability across the company and are making great strides. We're enhancing our sustainability disclosures and planning to release our first ever global equity, diversity and inclusion report, and our first integrated sustainability report later this year. Underscoring our commitment to the environment for the 11th year in a row, we're proud that we've received the ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Award for Sustained Excellence in recognition of our company's successful energy conservation practices.
Now let's turn to the next slide to discuss the industry environment. Our government services, defense and space businesses remain significant and relatively stable. While increased government spending on COVID-19 response is adding pressure to defense budgets in some countries, others are increasing spending on their security. Overall, the global defense market remains strong, and we continue to see solid global demand for our major programs. The strength of our defense portfolio is underscored by another strong quarter of BDS orders totaling $7 billion. The diversity of our portfolio will continue to help provide critical stability for us as we move forward.
In the commercial market, we continue to see near-term market pressure due to COVID-19. However, many of our key long-term fundamentals remain intact. The recovery is gaining traction but remains uneven. We continue to anticipate the next 6 months will be very challenging for our airline customers and the entire industry. COVID-19 case rates are still high in many areas around the world and travel restrictions remain in place, putting significant pressure on passenger traffic, especially in those affected markets. We're seeing some positive momentum, particularly in domestic travel. Consistent with what we've discussed in prior quarters, the domestic market is leading the recovery and in some cases, it has slightly outpaced our expectations. February domestic traffic was 51% below 2019 levels. Since then, it has picked up in some regions, including the United States and China, and we anticipate continued momentum this spring. 
On the other hand, international operations remains extremely low, with February traffic still 89% below 2019, slightly behind our earlier expectations. Ongoing virus concerns and the absence of coordinated global policies on cross-border entry protocols have hindered the recovery in the international segment. Vaccine distribution remains the critical hurdle to a broad reopening. The active fleet is still around 3/4 of its previous size with single-aisle activity levels slightly above twin-aisle. And although utilization rates and load factors are increasing in some areas, they are still below historic levels, which means airlines are flying less than 60% of their normal capacity at the global level. Regional dynamics such as case rates, government travel policies continue to influence passenger traffic and drive an uneven recovery profiles all around the world.
The U.S. and China domestic markets are showing resilience with pent-up demand. U.S. airlines are seeing a significant increase in bookings for domestic and leisure routes. TSA throughput in April has been the highest we've seen since the onset of the pandemic with daily averages of approximately 1.4 million passengers, around 60% of 2019 levels. However, passenger traffic in other parts of the world, such as Europe and parts of Latin America, remain significantly lower due to new strains of the virus, lower vaccine penetration and uncertainty about government reopening plans. 
As expected, the number of aircraft being retired from the active fleet keeps growing, with around 1,500 airplanes retired or announced to be removed since the onset of the pandemic. We anticipate this trend will continue as our customers focus on retiring their oldest and least efficient airplanes and replacing them with new airplanes that will be as much as 25% to 40% more fuel-efficient with commensurate emission improvements.
The freighter market remains another bright spot with cargo traffic in February 9% higher than 2019. Yields have remained very high and more freighters are flying than before the pandemic due to limited belly cargo capacity from passenger airplanes. Over the long run, cargo demand will continue to be driven by global trade and GDP growth. Progress on vaccine dissemination and domestic passenger traffic in many countries continue to support our medium-term outlook and our belief in the long-term strength of the market. 
As we've shared previously and consistent with IATA and other industry groups, we expect passenger traffic to return to 2019 levels in 2023 to 2024. We still see the recovery in 3 phases. First, domestic traffic; then, regional markets such as intra-Asia, intra-Europe and intra-Americas flights; and then finally, long-haul international routes. Therefore, demand for narrow-body aircraft is expected to recover faster while widebody demand will remain challenged for a longer period. 
As we start to see positive signs in the resumption of domestic and international air travel, our Confident Travel Initiative has continued to partner with airlines, regulators, leading universities and medical experts around the world to demonstrate the safety of air travel. Our confidence in air travel has been substantiated by science, testing and analysis based on the multilayered approach to keep our air crews and passengers safe no matter where they're seated in the aircraft cabin. We've also -- we're also working with governments and industry associations to help ensure when people decide to travel, they know what to expect. 
We encourage any new protocols that use data-driven risk-based approaches to minimize disease transmission risks between countries. Standardized and secure methods to verify traveler information should be part of any solution to safely expand the international travel. As we move forward, testing mechanisms, progress on vaccine distribution and coordinated global interactions will be the key drivers of the recovery. 
We're also monitoring the global trade environment, in particular, U.S.-China relations, given the importance of the Chinese market to our near-term delivery profile as well as future orders, which influence future production rates. We will continue to engage with leaders in both countries to urge a productive dialogue, reiterating the mutual economic benefits of a strong and prosperous aerospace industry. China represents 25% of the global growth in our industry over the next decade.
In the commercial services market, we saw stable demand in the first quarter. We're seeing some rebound from the bottom, and we expect to see increased activity as airlines are preparing for the summer season. That said, we continue to anticipate it will take multiple years to reach previous demand levels and the recovery trajectory may be uneven. Additionally, accelerated retirements are lowering the age of the fleet, reducing services demand and prolonging the recovery for commercial services.
On the liquidity front, managing the liquidity continues to be vital for the aerospace industry until the market recovers. Despite the challenges, and as we noted in our recently released current aircraft finance market outlook, there generally continues to be liquidity in the market for our customers to acquire new airplanes. In fact, 100% of Boeing deliveries in 2020 were financed by third parties. Financiers and investors understand the long-term value proposition of aircraft and the fundamental need to connect the world.
As we see airlines adapt to these market realities, product differentiation and versatility will be key. Our product lineup is well positioned to meet our customer needs. As we navigate this difficult time, we're not losing sight of our future. We've taken great care to ensure we have the team, the resources and the investments necessary to meet our customer commitments, to drive our improvement initiatives and innovate for the long term.
In addition to our work on our current programs, we're also advancing technology that will define our next chapter. We anticipate that our investments will lead to next-generation aircraft that offer a higher performance while being more fuel-efficient and easier to maintain and easier to reconfigure. We will continue to take the right action to adapt to the market impact of COVID-19 and position our business for the future by closely managing our liquidity and while driving long-lasting change to make our business leaner, sharper and more sustainable.
So with that, let me turn it over to Greg.

Thanks, Greg. Thanks for everything, as you know. On behalf of the Board and the entire Boeing team, I want to thank Greg for his incredible contributions and his dedication to Boeing and its people. His remarkable leadership has made a significant and lasting impact for our company, for our customers and for our stakeholders. Thanks to Greg's efforts, Boeing has -- also has had the benefit of very solid teams across the function that he oversees, people I've gotten to know quite well. As we build on Greg's legacy, we're not searching for a new strategic direction. We will engage in a comprehensive and thoughtful search process for a world-class executive with the talent and skills commensurate with the high level Greg has set. This process will encompass executives within Boeing and across the external market.
We're well positioned for the future, and we will continue to transform our business to not just navigate through this pandemic, but to ensure that we emerge stronger and more resilient for the long term. While there's no question that COVID-19 has had a profound impact on our industry, we view this year as a key inflection point and as positive signs begin to emerge. As governments around the world accelerate vaccine distribution, people are getting back to work and global economies are beginning to get back to business. And as they do, we are proud of our role in enabling travel to connect people, to connect businesses and importantly, to connect cultures. As we face into the challenges at hand, we remain steadfast in our commitment to quality, safety, integrity and transparency. Through it all, I am proud of how our team continues to stay focused on our customers and their important missions, and I'm confident in our future.
With that, Greg and I will be happy to take your questions.

Yes, there's probably not much I can add there, but I am -- I'll just add my confidence that as production rates begin to return to what we would consider ultimately normal and then above, we should get more leverage than we've ever gotten simply because of all the actions that we've taken with respect to the fixed and readiness to serve costs that are out there. But maybe even a bigger part is the stability we will bring back to the production lines themselves. So as we move the rates up, we can do so in a stable fashion. There is enormous productivity attached to that track. So I agree with all the comments that Greg made, I would just add that commentary.

Yes, it's a great question. I want to be -- I want to split that market, let's put it that way. That's the way it's played out historically. They do better in some segments of that market, we do better in other parts of that market with respect to the products that we field. And I'm confident we can get there. What I will say about this is I can't make up for the production gap that we created on our own right for that entire year. I can't make up to that. And so I'm not going to try to regain that ground. I'm simply, from this point forward, going to try to hold our own with respect to what I think is our rightful share. 
I will also bring the rates back in the most stable fashion I can conceivably bring them. So I will pace that. And I think that is good for Boeing, I think that is really good for shareholders. So it's all a question over what period of time do you want to measure it? I'm confident that over a longer period of time, we'll get back to where we need to get to. And I'm confident in the product line, always have been and I continue to be. And I think some of the recent activity suggests that. When you look at the applications that we're actually putting our airplanes to work for, I think we're in a pretty decent place. So -- it's a great question, though.

Well, it's the former. I'm quite confident that recovery in this country is coming and it's probably coming sooner than most anywhere with the exception of China. But when you look broadly around the world, it's not quite as robust. And so this year is still going to be a rough and tumble year for most countries around the world, including Europe. And that is the issue, when do they project that they're going to come out and then will the order activity pick up in each of those markets the same way it has picked up here in the United States. And I'm confident that it will and that we will get over those gaps. But it's uncertain in a lot of countries around the world. 
And then the final and very important strides is we've got to reinstate our trade relationship in aerospace with China. That's a big part of the market long term. It's important that we get our share -- our fair share of that market, which historically has always been at 50%, a little more when you consider all the widebody activity. And we need to get back to that stage. I believe that will happen, but it's going to take a little time.

Yes. Can I -- let me take that and I'll let Greg -- if he wants to add something, he can. You used the word willingness, and that's an important word. That is not the issue. It's -- there are a lot of logistics issues when we look at month to month to month to month around getting crews in and getting them out. Not so much with respect to the U.S. policy, but from where they might be coming. So all of these orders, there's not a giant reconfiguration cost embedded in the 87 program.
These are orders with known customers and known destinations. And there was no -- we're not playing games with our language. We -- whether we put the word vast in front of it or not, we'll see. But that's not going to be because of a lack of willingness to take airplanes. It's just going to be because of logistical timing with respect to when crews can get in and take delivery and move them out Anyway, that would be my commentary. Greg, anything you want to add?

If I could add just one thing, is we -- our pause went on longer than I think anybody wanted it to, maybe even including us, except for that pause, we directed an awful lot of energy, a lot of cost and a lot of effort to remove the nagging rework loops that existed for quite some time. So our ability to now climb down that rework curve, get back to real standard operations with fewer constraints to get us ready for a return on rate. I'm highly confident that, that's exactly the way this is going to play out. So it was purposeful with respect to that pause, the amount of work that we took on.

Yes. Thank you. No, this issue has been hanging around for quite a while, but we have a new administration in place in the United States. I don't want to -- I didn't want to walk in their office on the first day when they're trying to come to grips with their own strategies with respect to China broadly. And I'm glad they're doing that. But we're now at a stage where the focus on the economic recovery here in the United States on the part of the administration, as well as now getting their feet a little firmer on the ground with respect to China relations. It's time for us to just point out the economic implications of a trade with China in the aerospace industry and commercial aviation specifically. They're significant. You all know that.
And so we're just hoping to get everybody incentivized and lobby both sides. We have great relationships in China. We have firm orders on the books with China. But we need to get the order stream going again. And I'm confident that, that will happen. But this just happens to be the moment to begin to talk about that broadly, and that's why you saw me talk about it on the call this morning and in this discussion. We're just going to make sure that our administration knows the importance of getting those relationships straight. I think trade is good for everybody. I think they do too, but we've got to work our way through that and give them the time to process.

Well, it will, eventually. If we drag out all the way through the year, it eventually relates -- will impact the recovery of our rates, not so much the rates that exist as we exit the year. So the pace of that recovery of those rates is what it may impact. And anyway, narrowbodies before widebodies, but -- so that's it. It is what it is.

Yes. Well, I completely reject that argument. And of course, I would. But we have maintained and sustained -- it's actually quite remarkable in light of everything we face, but we have sustained all the important research investments that we've been making. We've sustained all of the development programs that were in the works, and they're not insignificant, and we've added resource to those development programs, as reflected in the accounting adjustments we made at the end of last year. They represent that we put time and we put more cost into these programs. We didn't make -- take less.
So I'm actually very confident. I think we have removed an awful lot of duplication of effort. And Greg can give you that in living color, especially with respect to overlapping technology development programs between our BDS and our commercial world. So anyway, I'm confident in our future, and I think the level of investment we put into our research and development differentiators compared to our competitors, I feel great about. I feel great about. That's the benchmark we care the most about. So anyway, that would be my commentary. I'll turn it over to Greg.

No, no. This is more about how the airplanes move from position to position as opposed to the applied work itself. And at the end of the day, we're going to be at a rate probably this month at 10 or 12 airplanes. And that just demonstrates that, that's what we can do. And we're going to hold that rate for as long as we can depending on customers and their ability to get in and take deliveries. It's -- again, as I said before, the trick in this one is the logistics of all of the customers coming in and out and then how we move these planes through position. The applied work itself, that's pretty clear, and it's getting more productive every day. So we're in a pretty good place on that front.

Well, I'll remind everybody that the A380, the A350, the A330, the A3...

But I just want to remind everybody, but they -- that they had a little trouble as well. These programs are big and they're complicated. So the idea that we fix everything, I'm not sure I can sign up for that. The idea that we're going to be a whole lot better, I can sign up for it. And the work we've done to align our engineering function broadly, everybody inside the company has signed up for that endeavor and feels great about it. The work we've done with respect to the safety management system that surrounds that engineering function and which they lead into half of the company. It avails  itself to new data to a faster cycle time with respect to how our company processes that data and ultimately makes decisions around that data. 
And a reinvestment in the fundamental design practices of the company that will instill disciplines that we just need to get better and better at. And everybody in the company signed up to do this, and we're making real investments in that process. So I feel very, very, very good about all of that. And it will -- it does not mean that in a flight test somewhere along the way, we don't run into an issue that needs to get resolved. And so it is the nature of our industry to do big things and do them very well. So anyway, I'm confident that these transformation efforts are significant. 
I'm also confident on this production stability, which goes hand-in-hand with engineering. We've taken actions over this -- really hard actions over this course of this year to stop things when we see an issue and get them fixed once and for all. And the 87 in Q1 was a glaring example of that. These fit and finish issues with respect to the joints in our fuselages were just nagging problems, difficult problems. And we applied real engineering talent and expertise to that, new process controls, new lines of communication with our supply side. So that we're not surprised by that stuff anymore, and we can eliminate rework loops that ultimately travel with the product. I could go on and on and on and on and on. But I think some of the signs should be very apparent to you and to our customers.

Yes. Yes, and I expect the next product to get differentiated probably in a significant way on the basis of the way it's engineered and built and less dependent on the propulsion package that goes with it.

Yes. So there's a lot that goes into this, but I think it's important that everyone understand. Most often, when a new airplane is developed by either side, it is usually developed around a propulsion package that offers 15% to 20% improvement with respect to efficiency versus the one it's displacing. That's the way it's happened over a long period of time. I don't believe the next generation of engine can deliver that kind of performance. And then, therefore, whatever cost efficiency ultimately and whatever performance advantages are derived from the next airplane, in my view, we're going to come from the way it's engineered and the way it's manufactured, all with a focus on a lower cost per seat when we get it out to the marketplace. And yes, a more sustainable package with respect to environment. So that's what we all have to be focused on. I like the pressure that puts on the manufacturers. That means the technologies we deploy are our technologies.
We've done an awful lot of fantastic work in our defense programs with respect to using engineering modeling and then manufacturing processes that tap that engineering modeling directly, create parts that can be assembled in one motion with great efficiency. Secondly, we've invested, as you know, in composites in our platforms for a very, very long time. The learning curves associated with getting efficient at composite development are significant. I believe Boeing has a huge advantage on that front. And so how we bring that engineering modeling, the composite development work that we've done over these years and then quick, simple assembly like we've demonstrated with the trainer airplane and other defense programs. We have to do it at scale and we have to prove to ourselves we can do it at scale. But in my view, those are going to be the advantages to that next airplane that gets developed. And I just love where Boeing is positioned on that front when the time comes.