Thank you, Maurita, and good morning. Let me begin today with a brief overview of our third quarter operating performance, followed by an update of the business environment and our expectations going forward.  After that, Greg will walk you through the details of our financial results and outlook. 
Now let's move to Slide 2. Thanks to the dedicated efforts of our teams across the company, Boeing delivered third quarter 2018 financial results that include higher revenue, earnings per share and operating cash flow, driven by solid execution across the company. 
During the quarter, we generated $4.6 billion of operating cash and repurchased $2.5 billion of Boeing stock. We also paid $1 billion in dividends, reflecting a 20% increase in dividends per share from last year.  We continue to deliver on our commitment to returning cash to shareholders while investing in our people, innovation and future growth. 
Revenue in the third quarter was $25.1 billion, reflecting higher services and defense contract volume. Core earnings per share of $3.58 was driven by strong commercial airplane performance and a lower tax rate, primarily related to federal income tax audit settlements, partially offset by charges related to planned investments in the newly awarded T-X trainer and MQ-25 unmanned aircraft and cost growth on the KC-46 Tanker. 
For the full year, we are raising guidance for revenue and earnings per share and reaffirming operating cash flow. We're also raising BCA segment operating margin while reducing BDS margin guidance. Greg will discuss these in more detail in his section. 
With that, let's take a look at Commercial Airplanes. For the quarter, Commercial Airplanes generated revenue of $15.3 billion, reflecting 190 deliveries with operating margins at 13.2%. Continued healthy sales activities contributed to 171 net new airplane orders worth $13 billion during the quarter, adding to our robust backlog that stands at more than 5,800 airplanes and is worth $413 billion. 
Year-to-date, we have captured more than 630 net new orders. The 737 program continues to make good progress on its recovery plans to overcome supply chain challenges with 61 aircraft delivered in September, an improvement from July and August. 
In the third quarter, we delivered 138 737s. We expect to recover the 737 line by the end of the year with fourth quarter deliveries expected to be above the production rate. 
The MAX production ramp-up continues. To-date, we have delivered 219 MAXs, 57 of them in the quarter. We continue to expect MAX to account for between 40% and 45% of total 737 deliveries in 2018. 
The 787 program further matured its rate readiness for 14 per month next year. The program's ongoing quality and productivity strides help to position us for a successful ramp up. We continue to see improvements in first-pass quality and champion times being set across-the-board. 
As for the 777X program, in the quarter, we completed the static test airplane and moved it into test set-up. We have also started building flight test airplanes on the low-rate initial production line in the main factory. We plan to start flight testing in 2019 and remain on track for the first 777X delivery in 2020. 
Now over to Defense, Space & Security. BDS reported third quarter revenue of $5.7 billion, reflecting higher volume across its business, including government satellites, Tanker, F-18 and weapons. 
Operating margins were negative point -- were negative 4.3%, primarily due to charges related to planned investments in the T-X and MQ-25 programs, which I will touch on shortly. 
BDS booked $12 billion of new orders during the quarter, demonstrating the value we bring to our customers across our Defense, Space & Security portfolio. Those orders include wins on important future franchise opportunities: the T-X trainer, the MQ-25 unmanned aircraft and the MH-139 helicopter. We also received the fourth KC-46 Tanker production lot for 18 additional tankers in the quarter. 
T-X is the next-generation trainer providing U.S. Air Force with advanced training capabilities to replace the T-38C Talon. We anticipate the T-X to be a franchise program for much of this century, beyond the current U.S. Air Force contract, with potential global market opportunities for both trainer and light attack platforms of up to 2,600 aircraft, plus ground-based trainers and advanced simulation technologies, representing a $40 billion multi-decade platform and services opportunity. 
The MQ-25 is the U.S. Navy's first operational carrier-based unmanned aircraft. Unmanned aircraft systems are proving critical in every aspect of air combat, with MQ-25, autonomy and artificial intelligence technologies applicable to a market opportunity of greater than $20 billion for more than 200 production and derivative aircraft. 
The MQ-25 and T-X wins are the culmination of years of unwavering focus, improving our technology and de-risking the programs. We have developed and flight tested 2 all-new production-ready T-X jets with 71 flight tests having been completed to-date. 
We've demonstrated deck handling and engine trials in MQ-25. We currently have an MQ-25 prototype aircraft in ground testing that is being prepared for first flight. 
Our planned investments in these 2 programs will further mature technologies to address the sizable market potential as well as meet current customer commitments. Boeing will recognize the investments through an after-tax charge of $541 million in the quarter. This strategy reflects a commercial investment mindset, a deliberate and purposeful decision to position ourselves to capture significant future market opportunity in services, support, training and platforms in the autonomous systems, trainer and light attack markets. 
To give you a sense of the multi-decade return on investment, the initial T-X contract represents less than 20% of the full production-run opportunity and less than 10% of the total lifecycle services, support and upgrades opportunity. These investments are in line with our balanced cash deployment strategy and leverage the strength of Boeing's business portfolio and financial performance to create sustained, leading-edge capability for our customers in the U.S. and globally, and the foundation of growth and valuable long-term franchises for all of our stakeholders. 
Key operational milestones for BDS in the quarter included achieving first flight for Apache and Chinook for the Indian Air Force. And on the commercial satellite side, we successfully completed the acquisition of Millennium Space Systems, a provider of agile, flight-proven, small satellite solutions, complementing our existing satellite portfolio. 
We continue to make steady progress towards final certification of the KC-46 Tanker, and in September, we received the supplemental type certificate verifying that the refueling and mission avionics systems meet all FAA requirements. The milestone marked completion of KC-46 FAA certification. 
We are working with our U.S. Air Force customer towards completing all the steps required to deliver the first tanker aircraft this quarter. 
In the third quarter, the program booked cost growth of $140 million after tax due to higher than expected effort to meet customer requirements to support delivery of the initial aircraft as well as incremental delays in certification and testing. 
Now while there's still work ahead of us, we're moving closer to delivering a highly mission-capable aircraft to our customer. Currently, 4 aircraft have completed the FAA ticketing process and have moved to the Boeing military delivery center. We remain very confident in the long term value of this franchise, a program that is going to have a production run measured in hundreds of airplanes and decades of follow-on support and training. 
Now turning to Global Services. BGS reported third quarter revenue of $4.1 billion, representing a 12% growth year-to-date. Operating margins at 13.3% reflected higher parts and supply chain solutions volume, product and services mix and higher period cost driven by investments to grow our portfolio offerings. 
During the quarter, BGS won new business totaling approximately $4 billion. This included an order from GECAS for 20 737-800 converted freighters, an F-18 spares contract to the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency, a service contract for KC-46 Tanker for Lots 3 and 4, P-8A training contracts for the U.S. Navy and the Royal Australian Air Force, and a service support contract for the newly awarded MH-139 helicopter for the U.S. Air Force.  These orders highlight the strength of our One Boeing offerings. 
Additionally, BGS completed the first heavy maintenance check on P-8 for the U.S. Navy. 
Earlier this month, we completed the acquisition of KLX, a major global provider of aviation parts and services, part of our growth strategy of complementing organic investments with targeted strategic acquisitions. This transaction brings together the talent and product offerings of Boeing and KLX to provide a one-stop shop that will allow us to create significant value for our customers. The resulting boost in supply chain capability enables us to better serve our customers while profitably and purposefully growing our business.  Our integration activities are well underway and progressing smoothly. 
Separately, we are finalizing the definitive agreements for our proposed partnership with Embraer. In the coming months, we'll continue to work with Embraer and its shareholders, the Brazilian government and regulators, among others, to complete the transaction and create the most important strategic partnership in the aerospace industry. 
In summary, we delivered another quarter of strong operating performance, captured noteworthy additions to our large and diverse backlog, including key future defense franchises, returned significant cash to our shareholders and complemented our organic growth with planned strategic inorganic investments. 
With that, let's turn to the business environment on Slide 3. We continue to see healthy global demand in our commercial, defense, space and services markets, markets that are growing and sizable at $8.1 trillion over the next 10 years. 
In the commercial airplane market, airline profitability remained strong and passenger traffic continues to outpace global GDP. Passenger traffic in 2018 grew 6.8% through August. 
Meanwhile, cargo traffic maintained its upward momentum, growing by 4% in 2018 through August. 
Our global customers continue to recognize the compelling value proposition that our new, more fuel-efficient product family brings to the market as reflected in the healthy new order intake we've seen year-to-date. 
We continue to see the trend of diverse and balanced demand from a geographical perspective as well as across the spectrum of airline business models. The changing nature of travel, with the expansion of network city pairs and rising middle class population in emerging markets, has fundamentally expanded traffic patterns and underpin sustained growth. 
There also is more balance demand between fleet growth and replacement of older aircraft, and we're seeing more consistent and stable customer purchasing patterns. We believe the evolution in key market dynamics in the aggregate continues to drive greater stability and far less cyclicality for our industry. 
Over the long-term, we remain highly confident in our commercial market outlook, which forecasts demand for nearly 43,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years. 
These deliveries, of which 44% will be driven by replacement demand, will double the size of the global fleet. 
This long-term demand, combined with a healthy market conditions and robust backlog, provides a solid foundation for our planned production rates. 
Turning to our product segments, starting with the narrowbody. Our current production rate of 52 per month and plan to increase to 57 in 2019 is based on our backlog of nearly 4,700 aircraft and a production skyline that is sold out into early next decade. We continue to assess the upward market pressure on the 737 production rate. 
In the widebody segment, we've seen steady orders for the 787 and the 777 and have high confidence in a meaningful increase in widebody replacement demand early next decade. For the current-generation 777, the renewed strength in the air cargo sector has provided support for the 777 bridge as highlighted by recent orders, bringing the backlog to 87 aircraft. 
As we transition production to the 777X, we expect 777 deliveries of approximately 3.5 per month through 2019, as previously announced. 
While we still have some work to do in filling the remaining 777 production slots, in particular for 2020 and beyond, we feel confident about the 777 bridge progress. 
As we look forward to the 777X, we have a strong foundation of 340 orders and commitments that support our plan for ramping up production and delivery of this new aircraft. We're focused on further bolstering the 777X skyline. 
We also captured 21 orders for the 787 Dreamliner family in the quarter, bringing the total year-to-date orders to more than 100. With nearly 1,400 firm orders since its launch and more than 600 in the backlog, our plan to increase Dreamliner production to 14 airplanes a month in 2019 is well supported. 
We continue to see repeat orders for the 787 Dreamliner, including the recent order from United for 9 additional 787-9s, highlighting the strong market preference for the 787 and its superior value. 
Turning to our 747 and 767 programs. With our unmatched freighter product lines, we're well positioned to capture the increased cargo demand. This supports our 767 production rate increase from 2.5 per month to 3 per month in 2020. We remain focused on the strong long-term aerospace industry fundamentals. It's important to have this in perspective as we navigate through global trade discussions. 
Boeing maintains strong relationships with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders around the world. We continue to engage with leaders in these countries to urge a productive dialogue to resolve trade differences, highlighting the mutual economic benefits of a strong and prosperous aerospace industry. 
Turning to Defense, Space & Security. We continue to see solid demands for our major platforms and programs. The BDS portfolio is well positioned with mature, world-class platforms to address current needs and new franchise programs to build the future. Boeing continues to see strong support for our key products from the Pentagon and in Congress. 
The fiscal year 2019 Defense Policy Bill authorized a fourth multiyear procurement for the F-18 and supported increases in munitions production and the Pentagon's aviation readiness efforts. The final appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019 U.S. defense budget added funding for additional rotorcraft, funded the requested quantities of our key programs across our fixed wing and commercial derivative aircraft portfolios and funded our missile, space and satellite products. 
Demand from outside of the U.S. for our defense and space offerings also remains high, in particular for rotorcraft, commercial derivatives, fighters and satellites. Our investment in future growth and new sales continues in areas that are priorities for our customers. We will continue to leverage capabilities and technologies from across our enterprise to win important opportunities, such as the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent. 
Turning to the services sector. We see the $2.8 trillion services market over the next 10 years as a significant growth opportunity for our company. BGS provides agile, cost competitive services to our customers worldwide. We aim to grow faster than the average services market growth rate of 3.5% as we further expand our broad portfolio of services offerings and continue to gain market share. Strong orders of $4 billion in the quarter reflect our customer's recognition of our value proposition in helping them optimize the performance of their fleets and reduce operational costs through the life cycle. These activities stretch across BGS's 4 capability areas, including supply chain, engineering modifications and maintenance, digital aviation and analytics, and training and professional services. 
Our focus for BGS remains on optimizing the businesses and expanding our portfolio offerings through organic growth investments, such as strengthening our vertical capabilities, complemented by strategic acquisitions to position BGS for sustained long term and profitable growth. Our expertise, the global reach of our business and our strong customer partnerships have us well positioned to compete and win in this important sector. On the digital analytics front, we will begin integrating a new data analytics tool into all Boeing Defence Australia support contracts, enhancing its position as the leading fleet services provider in the region. 
The Boeing AnalytX systems, featuring new technologies developed by Boeing in Australia, will give the Australian Defense Force access to more platform data than ever before, enabling Boeing to increase fleet readiness, safety and reliability while reducing maintenance cost. 
In summary, with growing markets and opportunities ahead, our team remains intensely focused on growth, innovation and accelerating productivity improvement to fuel our investments in the future. 
With that, Greg, over to you for our financial results.

All right. Thank you, Greg. With a strong 3 quarters behind us, our team remains focused on further driving both growth and productivity. These results were achieved through the hard work and dedication of our employees and the great partnership we have with our customers and our suppliers. 
In addition to the strong commercial airplane market dynamics I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we have taken our own actions to reduce cyclicality in our business. This includes remaining disciplined in our production rate decisions, derisking our pension liabilities, strategically phasing our research and development spending, creating labor stability with long-term contracts and expanding our services business, which is also less cyclical. 
We've executed on our long-term strategy of robust and continuing organic growth investment and returning value to our shareholders, complemented by strategic acquisitions and partnerships that enhance and accelerate our growth plans. The planned strategic partnerships with Embraer, Safran and the recent KLX acquisition and Etihad joint venture are entirely consistent with this strategy. 
Our priorities going forward are to leverage our unique One Boeing advantages, continue building strength-on-strength to deliver and improve on our commitments and to stretch beyond those plans and sharpen and accelerate our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts. 
Achieving these objectives will require a clear and consistent focus on the profitable ramp-up of commercial airplane production; continuing to strengthen our Defense, Space & Security business; growing our integrated services business and leveraging the power of our 3-business-unit strategy; delivering on our development programs; driving world-class levels of productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth; disciplined, leading-edge investments and balanced value-creating cash deployment; and continuing to develop and maintain the best team and talent in the industry. All of which position Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top and the bottom line growth and increasing value for our customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. 
With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.

Yes, Doug. Let me take a shot at your macro question and then, Greg, I'll ask you to add in on the cash flow profile as well. Yes, first of all, Doug, this is a targeted and very deliberate strategy, focused on some key defense franchises that we believe have lifecycles that are measured in decades. And between T-X and MQ-25, those 2 programs combined have roughly a $60 billion opportunity space connected with them. So one, big targeted franchises. We have taken a look at these in a very careful, diligent way and have invested upfront with a business case that is very strong. And the return to our shareholders as a result is going to be very strong. So think of applying a commercial mindset to franchises that are measured in decades. These capabilities are also going to bring immediate, leading-edge benefit to our customers and our men and women in uniform, so there's customer benefit and shareholder benefit. So first point is that key strategic focus. And to give you a sense of it, on T-X, the initial contract here represents less than 20% of the total production run and less than 10% of the total services volume available in that contract space. So we have a tremendous investment capability here. Secondly, to your point on risk, we have purposefully, with these investments, significantly de-risked these programs, and they are fundamentally different than Tanker. On T-X, for example, we have 2 production-ready jets flying today. We've done 71 test flights already. We're highly confident in this program. These are small development programs leading to rapid production. So as you recall, when we started Tanker, we still had a Tanker design on the drawing board. In contrast, today, we have 2 flying production units for T-X. Same thing on MQ-25. We made purposeful investments over the last few years to build a prototype aircraft. It will be going into flight test in the coming year. So again, the idea here is to accelerate capability for our customers and move swiftly to production. As a result, the risk profile of these programs are dramatically different than Tanker. So a solid business case, a significantly de-risked program, all looked at through the lens of making a good business case investment that is going to be good for our customers and our shareholders. And frankly, with the strong cash performance of our company, our strong financial performance overall, we have the fuel to do this. This is an excellent use of cash and organic investment. So I'll just provide those overarching comments. And Greg, if you want to add on in terms of cash profiles and expectations?

Yes, hey, Ron, great question, and we have been and continue to be very focused on 737 production program execution and recovery. We are seeing our supply chain return to a healthy condition, but we're continuing to monitor that on a daily basis. As you have seen, we've had to work through some risk issues, in particular on fuselages and engines with Spirit and CFM, and we now have a fuselages being delivered to our purchase order plans. And we're also seeing engine recovery. And while we still have some work to do there, we're anticipating engine recovery towards the end of the year. You can see that reflected in deliveries as well. The strong September deliveries give us building confidence on the recovery. And as you've noticed, we have not changed our year-end guidance for deliveries. So we remain confident that we'll hit our total delivery target for the year. As a result, in the fourth quarter, as a composite, you should expect to see deliveries exceeding the 52-a-month production rate. Again, those deliveries will be more backloaded in the quarter, as always. But we're seeing good signs on the recovery across the board. And we're going to continue to stay very, very focused on executing that. Now as we look to next year, as you know, we're planning to step up to 57 a month. We are taking some lessons learned from our recent 52-a-month step and applying those. That includes ramping up staffing earlier. So some of the additional staffing we brought on board for 52 a month is staying in place to help us with the 57-a-month step. Supply chain health and the in-depth monitoring of that has also been turned up. And I think what you'll also see is that the nature of the next step is a little different. This year was especially challenging as we stepped to 52 a month and we also had major model mix changes. Roughly half of the airplanes this year are NGs and half are MAXs. As we get to next year and towards the 57-a-month rate break, we'll be almost entirely MAXs by that point. So the model mix challenge will not be as difficult as we step to 57 a month next year. So we're also factoring that into our planning. But I'll say bottom line here is that we're staying very, very focused on this. It's very important that we continue to hit deliveries for our customers and in general, we're seeing positive signs in our supply chain recovery and remain confident on the overall 737 production profile and ramp-up plans.

Yes, Seth, when we take a look at the trade environment, we maintain a long-term view on that. Certainly, something that's very important to us. We're very engaged in the dialogue and conversations with the U.S. government and with other governments around the world. In particular, on the U.S.-China relationship, we're very engaged with our Chinese airline customers and leadership in China along with the U.S. government. And both countries are interested in a healthy aerospace industry. In China, from a macro standpoint, one of the fastest-growing commercial aviation markets in the world. Over the next 20 years, we see a world that needs 43,000 new airplanes, about 7,700 of those are in China. Traffic growth patterns are very strong in China and the rising middle-class population is a tremendous driver there, well beyond normal, I'll say, GDP metrics. So about 150 million new passengers every year in Asia are fueling that growth. So China is very interested in a healthy, growing aerospace industry. Same thing in the U.S. When you take a look at trade and trade surplus, the greatest trade surplus generator in the U.S. is aerospace, and within that sector, Boeing and our supply chain are, by far, the biggest component. And that all leads to American manufacturing jobs. So there's strong reasons in both U.S. and China to have a healthy, prosperous aerospace industry. You combine that with backlogs and, as we said earlier, with more than 5,700 aircraft, 5,800 aircraft in backlog today, and in particular for narrowbodies, 737s, a strong backlog, we're filling skyline in the 2023 time frame, right? So this is a long-term view. So while we pay attention to trade and we're very engaged in it, it's very important to us, it's not something that changes our near-term modeling and analysis. Our decisions around stepping up to 57 a month are strongly supported by the backlog that we have in position and the commitments we have with customers. And really, our decision drivers around stepping to 57 a month will be health of the production system, the supply chain, our ability to execute that in a way that's smooth for our customers and profitable for our company. And so it's very much focused on that internal operational productivity and a healthy production line. And we're going to step to 57 a month when we're ready to step. And we remain confident that, that step we'll take next year, and we're going to continue to do our diligent work to make sure that's done in a smooth manner.

Yes, Peter. I think there are a couple of factors there. One is, as you said, the macro environment, the budget is healthy and strong. We've seen good positive signs on strengthening U.S. defense budget. Not without risk as we look to future defense budgets and Budget Control Act profiles, and that's a year-to-year battle, as you know, but we're seeing more and more signs of sustained, long-term, stable defense budget in the U.S.. International defense budgets continue to strengthen as well. As Greg said earlier, about 1/3 of our backlog is in international defense. So the macro budget environment for defense is strong right now. Within that, funding for our programs has been very good. And as you noted, with our recent T-X and MQ-25 wins, our MH-139 win, all of those will fuel growth. As we step the Tanker program into production, that will fuel growth as well. And if you look at that in a composite, we still see our defense business as a modest growth business. It's healthy and the recent wins are going to make it even more healthy.

Yes, Carter, I'll take first cut and, Greg, feel free to add in here. First of all, again, our mindset around this is to focus on those key defense franchises that create long-term value, sustained decades of opportunity. So these are a few very select, very targeted areas. And as we've mentioned over several years now, T-X and MQ-25 are in that category. We made purposeful investments to de-risk the programs, to build flying hardware, to provide capability for our customers and our men and women in uniform, to accelerate capabilities for them and to invest in a smart way that creates value for our customers in the long term. To your point on incentive targets for our team, our incentive targets are a balanced sets of targets, both annual and long term. And what you see here is an exact reflection of that philosophy: making the right short-term investments to produce long-term value. And the fact that we were able to make these investments, and in a single quarter, in essence, pay for those investments because of the great performance of the company, shows our ability to fuel smart investments for the future. That is the balance and, I think, unique capability that this company brings to our customers. That's really our mindset around these kind of investments. And we remain very confident that the investments we make here have great business cases, will create great value for our shareholders as well as value for our service men and women. So that's an important parameter for us. Now in terms of your comment about the competitive environment, I can't really comment on our competitors' bid positions, but what I can comment on is the fact that we were able to bring very affordable solutions to our customers because of the investments we've been making in productivity. I think as you're well aware, and as we've had -- as we've shown many of our investor partners, the fact that we're investing in things like our second-century design and manufacturing capabilities, advanced digital designs. All of these next-generation design, production and support capabilities are being reflected in these new products that we're bringing to our defense customers. So they are affordable. They are extremely capable. They provide great capability for our customers, and they create value for our shareholders. Now Greg, anything you want to add on that?

And further to Greg's point, you see our unique ability across our commercial and defense businesses to share and replicate and build these technologies. So these advanced design and manufacturing capabilities that we're maturing on programs like the 777X, we're able to apply to new defense programs. Those lessons learned apply back to our commercial business. So there's tremendous synergy there that I think is unique to our company.

I'll answer the second part of that, Rob. Greg, why don't you take a cut at the first part and in particular, how we've ring-fenced it and how the investments play out, too?

And then, Rob, further to that value point, so the broader marketplace here, certainly, initially with the U.S. Air Force and training capabilities. And if you take a look at today's T-38 Talon fleet, that will be replaced by this airplane, so the opportunity for growth in the U.S. training fleet is substantial. As you know, our Air Force's training needs are significant, and so T-X trainer is well placed to meet that capability. So we've also purpose-built, purpose-designed the airplane so that it can also be applied to other international customers who also have training needs. And as you all well know, the U.S. Air Force tends to lead the globe in terms of training capabilities, and so international customers and allies will very typically align with the same product lines. And we've already had a number of inquiries from other customers around the globe on the back side of the T-X award. Further to that, we purpose-designed this airplane to also be able to be modified to be a light attack fighter aircraft, again, to support global markets. And if you look at the cumulative market space in the U.S. and around the globe, we see T-X has a market for about 2,600 aircraft, in addition to ground-based trainers and other support and services. And if you look at all of that as a composite across T-X and MQ-25, very realistically, this is a $60-billion-size marketplace. So that gives you a sense of why this is a good investment.

Yes. We're continuing to ramp-up on our recovery plan. If I look at every element of the recovery factors, flow through the factories, jobs that are completed in position. If I take a look at jobs that travel between stations, jobs behind schedule, airplanes on the ramp, supply chain health, we're watching things like parts shortages in the factory. Across that entire set of metrics, they're all trending in the right direction. And while we are not complete with the recovery yet, we have made substantial progress over the last couple of months. And the best indicator of that, frankly, is airplane deliveries. And you saw the 61 aircraft delivered in September. And as I said, we expect through the fourth quarter, deliveries in total will be above the 52-a-month production rate that we're at. So we're continuing to work off the inventory of aircraft that have been on the ramp outside of the factories. More and more, we're seeing airplanes being completed in place, in the factory. And while we're not done, all of the trends are headed in the right direction. Just to give you a sense of how it's going. And we're going to be -- stay very, very focused on it and get that wrapped up, get the production line back to full health. And as I said, we're committed to meeting our year-end overall delivery guidance.

Myles, first of all, thank you for the feedback there. You do see the progress in our margin performance and, as we said, we're very intent and focused on that. And strong performance by Commercial Airplane team in the quarter. There are a number of items behind that, but it reflects the overall drive on productivity and performance across our product lines. And the investments we're making there are showing results. And we laid in a long-term plan to make this a mid-teens margin business. We are making great progress on that journey and we remain very committed to that. As we said before, not only getting there by the end of the decade, but then beyond that, continuing to grow our margins. And as Greg mentioned in his comments, we see this as a long-term year-over-year cash growth and margin growth business. Greg, you want to add some color to Myles' point there?

Sheila, first of all, overall services business, we're very focused on growing profitably, so growing both top and bottom line. You'll see that year-to-date, as we said, about 12% growth in our services top line. So our growth strategy is working. You do see some variability on bottom line performance and margin quarter-to-quarter. We did make some targeted investments in the third quarter that you see in the local margins there. But you can see we haven't changed our year-end guidance for BGS margins. So we still expect this to be a robust growing business, both top and bottom line. And Greg, you want to...

Andrew, to your point, while we do see some variability amongst the broad range of airline customers that we have, I would say as a composite, we're continuing to see airline profitability trending in a good direction. The airline industry is very healthy overall, across all the different types of business models, including low-cost carriers. And so while there have been some selective challenges within the industry, as a composite, it's a strong and healthy airline industry. It's being well managed. And part of it is the fact that we're able to provide our airline customers with advanced capabilities, technologies that are helping them drive profitability and further growth. So we keep an eye on that. But we feel very confident in the overall health of the airline industry, but more broadly, the health of the macro passenger traffic market. Again, year-to-date, 6.8% growth in passenger traffic. It continues to significantly outpace global GDP. That is a fundamental difference from almost any other big industrial sector. And the growing middle-class population around the world is really the driving factor behind that. As I said, 150 million new passengers every year in Asia, people that fly for the first time. Less than 20% of the world's population has yet taken a single flight. So when you think about the macro population trends around the world, that's fueling growth and that's going to be good for the airlines, it's going to be good for us as airplane producers. And if you look at the overall strength of our current market outlook, that 43,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years, we remain very confident in that. In fact, we continue to see upward pressure on our market assessment.

Eric, it's dramatically different than that. These are -- as Greg said, these are planned, purposeful investments upfront with a commercial business case wrapped around them, and in particular around T-X. We have, one, de-risked the program with investments that are behind us, having built those 2 production-ready flying aircraft. That reduces risk in the development program, which makes it significantly different than Tanker. But if you look at the forward investments, where we're taking the charges in this quarter, those apply to the future production program and the business case around those, because we see a production opportunity that is well beyond the current contract, the initial contract. So think of these as investments that enable a production run that begins in the early 2020s and will extend, literally, for decades. So it's fundamentally a different approach. It's making a commercial-like investment in a defense program where we have confidence that it will run for decades, both in terms of production line and support and services. Investments behind us are the ones that have de-risked the program and also make it dramatically different than Tanker.

Yes, we are very much connected into the defense industrial base policies and plans, working hand-in-hand with the Pentagon and our U.S. customers. We, as a matter of normal business, have great visibility into our supply chain, and all of the export-import rules and regulations that get applied to that are built in and are something that's built into how we do business every day. So as we look at deep supply chain capabilities and supply sources, this is not new to us. In fact, these are things that we completely understand and govern our business today. And we'll be continuing to work jointly with the Defense Department as we define sources for the future and ensuring that we have the, I'll say, the diversity of supplier sources that we need here in the U.S. to satisfy our defense customer needs. I don't see this as anything that's going to substantially change our business model or our supply chain going forward. It will just add additional discipline to ensure the security of that supply chain.