Yes. Thanks, Matt. Just upfront, we're changing this format just a bit so that I can limit my remarks upfront to some observations and thoughts with respect to where we are in this rebuilding process. And then Brian will take you into more detail on the financial side.  
With respect to the environment, there's no doubt Omicron has paused the industry recovery. But it has not changed the outlook for the industry recovery, such that while it might be delayed a few more months, the bookings and the customer discussions with respect to fleet plans, medium and long term, are still quite robust. And we are quite confident in that outlook.  
2021 I would characterize for Boeing as a rebuilding year. We came from recovery to rebuilding. And I give our team a lot of credit for, frankly, making a lot of progress on that front. Number one, on the orders front and demand, particularly led by the MAX and the freighter market. I feel very good about where things are and the competitiveness of our product line with respect to that market.  
Supply constraints to date have not constrained us. On the other hand, I think in the medium- to long-term future, it's something we all have to plan for. I've always viewed the unfortunate means by which we got here and the buildup of finished goods inventory, both with respect to the MAX and the 787. That's sort of a double-edged sword.  I hate that we have a lot of inventory. On the other hand, it will probably serve us well in what is likely to be a robust recovery.  
With respect to fleet rebuilding, I would also just like to highlight the efficiency gains and maybe even more importantly, the emissions gains that our customers enjoy when they replace their current fleet with these new aircraft are significant, and the pressures are severe.  
So I think that creates some additive pressure with respect to fleet renewals as we move forward. And I don't think either of those will let up.  
The MAX return to service. I'm quite proud of where we are on that. We have regulatory approval now in almost every jurisdiction in the world. You know that China, Indonesia and Ethiopia all delivered prior to the end of the year.  
We delivered 245 airplanes in '21. We've flown safely over 800,000 flight hours, 99.3% service reliability. And we've now flown more post the MAX grounding than we did pre-MAX grounding.  
China is preparing for their MAX return to service and for delivery. And we have set up a plan that allows for that in the first quarter. But of course, they'll take them as the government returns the current fleet to service.  Our customers are moving methodically and very well with respect to that return to service. 
87, very unfortunate charge that we took here in the fourth quarter. It reflects everything we've learned about the rework process itself, the data required to restart deliveries and obtain ticketing and then customer expectations regarding concessions as we move forward. With all that said, I still feel fantastic about the future of the 787 airplane for The Boeing Company.  
And anyway, as I think I point out every time we get together, these 87s today, the field -- the fleet and service is flying, is more utilized than any other wide-body airplane. It's -- 99% of it is in service today with respect to the pre-pandemic levels. And it's the most utilized wide-body out there, 98.99% reliability.  So this is a great product line and a competitive product. And as soon as we begin delivery, we feel very good about the ultimate recovery.  
On BDS, we did hit a bunch of really important milestones. The MQ-25, we experienced our first refueling, and we began carrier tests. The T-7A production line, which is based on significantly improved development process and engineering modeling capabilities, is off to a very good start. And the efficiency associated with that development process is being realized.  
And then the tanker. The tanker today despite the charge, again, which we don't feel great about by any respect, but the tanker today is an incredible asset for our customer and now serves 70% of the missions that were intended in the development of the tanker. And our job is to continue to deliver the tanker and to do it more expeditiously as we move forward.  The good news is our customer likes the performance of the airplane. And again, we intend to serve that need.  
Global Services, it is recovering like all the service businesses that surround aviation. It's on a great path. The team is doing a terrific job. We had a small write-off with respect to materials that ultimately would not be utilized in this recovery. But BGS is doing quite well, and this is experiencing the recovery.  
And then I feel very good about the free cash flow that we generated in the fourth quarter. As everybody knows, we have been focused relentlessly on improving our free cash flow situation. It has been our #1 metric. And to be able to achieve that, I think, is terrific news.  
Sustainability, it is the one issue every customer wants to talk to us about not with respect to 2050 or 2035, but they want to make sure that we have a program in place that will support them over that time frame. And it is very important to the every next order that we achieve.  
So believe it or not, the competition for today's airplanes is often built around the future plans that we have with respect to sustainability. And I love where we're going on that and the story we -- that we have for our customers.  
Innovation is strong in every way. I mentioned the MQ-25, the T-7A. Future capabilities with respect to the next development program, we've invested a lot. We continue to invest a lot. It's more important to me that we get our development tools where they need to be, demonstrate manufacturing capability and capacity where we need to be before we call out the spec on the next new commercial airplane. So I remain focused on that as a priority. And so far, so good.  
Talent, we were stable over the course of '21. Turnover was managed, I think, quite well and quite aggressively. And so I feel good about that and our ability to hire as we move forward. But I will also acknowledge that there are shortages out there in critical skills, and we have to be very competitive in order to get them.  
I'll highlight the priorities we have. I don't think any of them should surprise anybody. They may look boring with respect to words like stability, safety, quality management. But that is still our focus, and we're going to be relentless about it.  
This is a very important year as we begin the year and then exit the year where we can predict to customers and to all of you the deliveries of our airplanes and ensure the quality is what it needs to be, et cetera.  
And culturally, our team is getting closer to their work than they've ever been. We feel good about that, and we invest. We're investing heavily in the future capabilities of our company.  
So that's it with respect to my upfront comments. I'll turn it over to Brian. We can go through the quarter's performance and then a little more time for Q&A.

Yes, no further comments. I'd like to turn it over to questions and give all our time to that. Thanks.

Well, the April time frame is all I'll say is the customers know everything that we do. The -- we share the same regulator. They are in our factories looking at the airplanes every day. So they know exactly what's going on and where it is. 
I don't want to get ahead of anybody with respect to speculating the day we pick it. That's up to the FAA, and we're going to let them do what they have to do. Otherwise, I think Brian described this charge exactly the way it is.

The only other context is that unlike in the case of the MAX, we do have an experience, unfortunately, that we can draw from in setting these estimates, and most importantly, the management of the concessions with our customers over time. So what we've posted and the way we think about it is largely based on that historical experience, of course, with the MAX. So I feel like we've probably bounded it pretty reasonably.

Well, just the prognosis that we can move it up and based on what everybody seems to want to believe, we are going to be very aggressive with our supply chain to get buffers at every corner so that we can do it. And then the question is, do we do it? 
So right now, we have fewer supply constraints probably than the industry simply because we've got this big finished goods inventory that's going to carry us for the better part of the calendar year and then even a little bit into next year. So we'll take advantage of that, and then we'll ask the supply chain to build buffer both on our premise and in theirs to protect upside. That's the way we're thinking about it.

Can I talk about the next...

Yes. No, no. I would say no, it's not a 1Q decision for us. As I said, we will work our supply chain and work with our supply chain transparently to protect upside on rate as we get to the second half of the year, et cetera. And the minute we are ready to do it, we'll do it. But I don't want to get ahead of myself on that front. It's certainly not now.

Yes, I agree with what you just said.

Well, so we'll have to complete the rework on a large fleet of airplanes. So that in and of itself is -- takes some time to do. But then we have to update every analytics that we provide to our regulator based on every next rework, so to just again, corroborate the case that we have with respect to conformance. So you have a lag in that. You collect that data, you include it in the analytic. And then when it gets to be sufficient, you will provide it to the FAA, and then there's a work -- you work through it with them. 
But that is the sort of the process that we have to go through. And there's no way to shortcut it. And I can't collect data on the airplanes I haven't reworked yet. I have to get through it. I've got to simply work my way through that. 
I have confidence in the rework programs. We have no new discoveries with respect to how we do the rework, and they're getting perfected. Just like in the case of standard work in building an airplane the first time, we have to do sort of the same thing with rework processes. And that's what we're doing. So I wish it could go faster, and I can't accelerate it. I need them all to take their time and go through their learning curves and post the data to the analysis.

Yes. Well, there's a -- again, I'm not going to speak for my regulator because that's up to them on how we do it and maybe that's how things end up working. On the other hand, they are going to ticket that airplane, and they're going to want to know everything there is to know about everything. And we're still posting data with respect to what we find in our fleet. So I don't know what more to say. I wish it was perfectly predictable. It's just not.

Yes, Seth, I appreciate the question. We are, as you know, have a reasonably full pipeline with respect to airplane developments with the MAX derivatives and the 777X, which I -- again, I will highlight as a true differentiator in the marketplace as it displaces not just the 47, but also 380 over time. And anyway, so I feel good about that. 
And if we're fortunate and we get customers interested in a freighter version of it, we will move aggressively along those lines. So we have a pretty good product family and development pipeline ahead of us. I just don't think that should be lost on anyone. 
And then secondly, the much longer term and much bigger program for me is the one we refer to as our IPT, integrated product team, where we're going to revamp the development process itself. And anyone who's been around our industry for a long period of time knows that the big variables in our financial performance over time usually relate to shortfalls in the development process. 
And my intent and my hope in light of all the new tools that are available to us, both in terms of digital modeling on the original design. But then also being able to use that same modeling to perfect manufacturing processes at scale and ultimately serviceability, that is where the action is. That is where the next airplane is going to differentiate itself more than any other, in my opinion. 
So we are invested and continue to stay invested. We've allocated much of our top talent across the company to that effort. I can't wait to update everybody on, again, that progress. It won't be as exciting because it doesn't fly away, but it is, in my opinion, the most important thing that we can do, and we remain totally focused on that. 
With respect to the competitiveness of our product portfolio, I still feel very good about it. I never will look at any last deal and suggest that we're losing to this -- losing to somebody or not. You have to take the totality of the last couple of years. 
They have airplanes that absolutely outperform us in certain applications, and we have some that outperform them in applications. And our customers are really good in discerning the differences and making their choices. 
So I apologize, I'm sure I sound like a broken record, but we think we have our priorities right here. There will be a next airplane. As I did say and I will acknowledge, I don't think the propulsion system is going to add as much value to that next airplane, either ours or theirs, as it has historically, which means that the airframer has to add more value to it in order to make it a compelling sale to our customers. 
I look forward to that moment anyway. So we're doing our very best to get ready for it.

Ron, I appreciate the question. This is definitely the right time to put $0.5 billion into Wisk. Number one, it's a very innovative product and a very innovative product team. I didn't create it, our partners did at Kitty Hawk. I couldn't be prouder of the work they're doing. 
The world wants autonomy, and the world wants electric. And this is going to be our application of those 2 technologies and to put it into real service by way of certification. So everything about this program we like, technically innovative, and it will serve a niche we don't serve today. And that's really not necessarily why you do it if you don't think there's a long-term avenue for both autonomy and electric, and a lot to learn in the process. 
So again, I view this as a high priority. It does not compete for the discussion we just had with respect to the next large commercial airplane by way of financial resources. We'll have plenty of financial resources and wherewithal to be able to do both and then some. But I am enthusiastic about our Wisk investment in the airplane and the experience to date. It's incredibly innovative.

There's a lot to be learned and applied, yes.

Yes. I don't -- we don't -- our team doesn't see any near-term or even medium-term risks there. And performance has been outstanding. I'm never going to say never that big disruptions can occur. I don't -- if those kinds of disruptions occur, we got a lot of other issues we're going to have to contend with. 
So honestly, it's not the highest thing on our list. It performs quite well. We do have options. Admittedly, they take time to put into gear. But no, I think we're in an okay place there.

Today, it's going to go back to the old engine questions and castings and forgings. That is already constrained our outlook. And I think as I mentioned the last time we were all together, I wish we could have done increase rates even faster than we had acknowledged, but it has always been a supply constraint that has done that. And it's mostly forgings and castings and mostly through our engine suppliers. So that is what it is. 
I do think they are under control and being managed very effectively and that the supply side of this is that everybody has put their cushions in place to be able to take care of it. And then the only other medium term -- I haven't been asked, maybe I will. I won't call it short term, but medium-term question, of course, is titanium. And as long as the geopolitical situation stays tame, no problem. If it doesn't, we're protected for quite a while, but not forever.

Yes. I mean that's the million-dollar question, and I appreciate you asking it. And that's what we work on every day all day. 
I think investors, those same investors, what frustrates them is the unpredictability of our performance in light of those few instances that caused severe pressure on our company. And I will be the first to admit that they were not events caused by the outside world, but unfortunately, missteps inside. 
So we're doing, I think, what they would want us to do. Our culture is focused on getting as close to our work as we possibly can from the very top of the company through the engineering ranks all the way down through all the support functions that ultimately have to help mechanics on the line stay disciplined, create standard work that's predictable, repeatable, et cetera, safety and quality systems that are reinculcated in every way I can think of into every nook and cranny of the company. And that is literally what we have been working on. 
So I appreciate the question. I think we're getting much better. In fact, we're getting really good at it. And I think someday, we'll all point to it as a real advantage for The Boeing Company. But I know where we're coming from. And you do, too. Again, I do appreciate the company. Sometimes our vision and our priorities look boring to people. But when you stop and think of where we came from, I'm proud of this team for rallying around exactly that.

Yes. Thank you. Yes. It's -- again, I don't think this is necessarily in the geopolitical realm as much as it is in the needs of the customers and operations inside of China. What I will say is it has been perfectly predictable and methodical way in which they've returned their fleet to service. 
They went through the cert process. They reauthorized the airplane to fly. The airlines are warming up the airplanes they already have. As you said, they're taking test flights in a very methodical, intelligent way. And they are beginning to notify us around when they intend to bring it into revenue service. 
That all has to happen with the airplanes they own. And then deliveries, in my view, will commence. And it is quiet, methodical and as effective way as it has been to date. 
There's nothing that we're involved in that would suggest otherwise. So anyway, I do feel confident only because of every tea leaf I've been able to watch here. And they're following through on, frankly, every commitment they've made.

Let me just start with the rate. There's not going to be a finer point other than to reemphasize our priorities, which is we don't like carrying a bunch of inventory. That's for sure. We will run our rate as low as we can while we burn our inventory as fast as we can I think is the way to think about it. 
And then as the order books fill up and the market gets very active, and I happen to believe it will, then we're going to sort of monitor production rates to make sure we stay ahead of that delivery cycle. So again, I can't give you a finer point on exactly when and how. I will suggest we have a clear priority, which is to burn down that inventory first. Brian, anything you want to add?

Appreciate it, everyone.