Yes. Thanks, Matt. I'm going to make a few comments upfront and then turn it over to Brian for a more detailed look at our financials in the quarter.  
First, I need to acknowledge that on the 21st of March, Flight 5735 of our good customer, China Eastern, unfortunately crashed and took the lives of 132 passengers and crew. These things always take our breath away, and I want to extend our thoughts and prayers from the entire Boeing company, of course, to the families and friends of those passengers. Those are always rough moments.  
Our technical team is, in fact, supporting both the NTSB and the NTSB as it supports the CAAC, who is, of course, the lead investigator. Those are the only comments that I will make along the lines of the China Eastern accident but know that we are in the middle of that investigation.  
'22 1Q, some challenges presented themselves. Unexpectedly, Russia obviously is the big issue in the news. Inflation continues to take a hard run at pretty much everything we do. And COVID, unfortunately, didn't leave as soon as we would have liked. So the -- at least the first 45 days of the quarter were impacted more than we imagined.  
All that said, our focus and progress remains consistent with what we shared the last quarter. We still expect to accelerate our performance and the key financial metrics, namely cash flow because that is our key financial metric. That's what we've been focused on for a couple of years, and we will remain focused on.  
And we remain committed to the notion that we will have positive free cash flow over the course of '22 and meaningful improvement in 2023. Everything we are doing is leading with safety and quality and ultimately driving stability for our airline customers. And we believe we're taking the right actions for the future.  
We have progressed on many key milestones. We'll comment on a few of them today. But we're focused on the 37 MAX and the 787 production and the return to service of those airplanes that we have built and stored in behalf of our airline customers. We feel good about all the progress we're making on that front.  
The commercial market recovery, I'm not going to expand significantly on that. You've heard from almost all of the U.S. airline customers, many of the European customers. Traffic is returning, and it's returning in a pretty big way. Airplanes are being utilized at a fairly high rate. Domestic markets are the first to have recovered, and they're recovering robustly. Regional markets, second, and even long-haul traffic now is beginning to return.  
The only real exception in that demand scenario is China in light of their current COVID constraints. But we're hopeful and we expect that they'll come out of that and continue to expand their fleet.  
So that commercial market is very, very strong. And it's particularly strong for our line of airplanes, namely the MAX, the 87 and the 777. And I don't want anyone to forget the 67 because it continues to play a very important role in the freighter world.  
I should comment on the conflict in Ukraine. I think I mentioned the last time we were together, we had 1,000 people in both the Ukraine in Kyiv and in Moscow. And those 2 teams work pretty closely together. So it's been a bit of a gut-wrenching and emotional period for all of The Boeing Company and our associates.  
I'm very proud of the work that we are doing to support our team in Kyiv. We've provided $1.5 million in humanitarian assistance but also matched all of our employee donations to those people who are helping.  
And then most importantly, we have Boeing families in Poland and throughout the region who have willingly accepted and opened their homes to our displaced teammates. That's a big deal, and it's been an uplift for all of us to watch that happen.  
We're following the lead of the U.S. government and strictly adhering to export controls and all the restrictions. We suspended maintenance and support for Russian customers. And in the spirit of doing the right thing, we had suspended titanium imports. Fortunately for us, we had a program of inventory built for quite some time ever since Crimea, such that we believe we are reasonably protected on that front.  
Next, I should comment on the 37 MAX specifically. It's only been a little over a year since that airplane was recertified and put back into service. We now have over 1 million flight hours. It is performing incredibly well at 99%-plus service reliability. Our customers are happy with it in almost every case that I'm aware of. They talk about the airplane exceeding the performance specs that we sold it on. So we feel very good about that, and we feel very good about the skyline and our ability to deliver on that.  
Brian will get into rate discussions in his piece on that one. But we still continue to think about this one airplane at a time, so that we can maintain that high in-service reliability rate.  
We're applying the same rigor to the 787, and we took a very important step just in the last week by submitting the cert paperwork and the plan to the FAA. We're proud of that work. We touched a lot of operations across our facilities, exacting spec with respect to the 87
[Audio Gap]
precisely. And that's all embedded in the cert paperwork that we presented to our FAA.  
And as always, we will let the FAA take the lead with respect to cert and ticketing, and we will work closely with them. They have been involved in this process from the very beginning. So there is no new news embedded in this.  
777 family. I'd like to make a comment with respect to the decision we made on the 777X and the extension of its introduction until 2025. I believe we've made that decision out of a position of strength, not weakness.  
We've embedded every lesson that we've learned on the 37 MAX certs, and we continue to have 2 of those ahead of us. We've applied all the lessons from the 787 cert, which, of course, we have just submitted and believe that we've got to give ourselves the time and freedom to get this right with the FAA and give everybody the time they need to give us the cert that will last, frankly, for decades and decades into the future.  
It also, by calling it out now, gives us an opportunity to create some capacity for our traditional metal wing 777 freighter, which right now is in incredibly high demand. So we will extend that airplane life and continue to meet that demand.  
And then finally, the 777-8 Freighter, which we introduced with Qatar, is a very big deal with respect to the long-term ramifications of the 777 family in the decades ahead. We're very proud of the 777 family in the post-A380, 747 world. We think it stands on its own, and it will be one of the great contributors to share owner value over the decades ahead.  
Boeing Global Services, I'm not going to get into a lot of detail other than to say we're riding that wave of recovery with respect to fleet utilization pretty much everywhere in the world. And so that business has enjoyed that success and has been able to stay ahead of the supply chain constraints that some are feeling. So all things good on that front.  
And then on BDS, a messy quarter. And we got hit where you might expect us to get hit in a supply constrained, still COVID-impacted and inflationary world. And then that is on a group of fixed-price development contracts that I think you're all aware of, where we had to recognize future costs on those program economics. And so we have taken a write-off on those programs, VC-25B, the T-7A and the MQ-25. Brian will talk to you a little bit more about this.  
VC-25B was, by far, the biggest part of that hit. You'll recall it was a public negotiation that happened quite some time ago. We took some risks not knowing that COVID would arise and not knowing that an inflationary environment would take hold like it has. And both of those things have impacted us fairly severely.  
This will ultimately accrue to 2 airplanes where we will continue to do our work and deliver first-rate airplanes to our customer in the government. As we deliver today's numbers, know that we are increasing our investment, safety and producibility, digital transformation, autonomy and sustainable aerospace are the keynotes with respect to where those investments are going.  
We feel good about where that's setting us up for the future. We're progressing on our development programs. Are we frustrated with the timing? You bet. But we're progressing. And everyone is getting their feet firmly planted on the ground, both us and our counterparty and the regulators around the world. And so I have to feel good about the progress that we're making collectively and that matters for the long term.  
Stability and predictability, it's coming along. It will matter in the years ahead. And above all else, our culture is built around safety, built around quality. And transparency is the word of the day with respect to how we interact with our counterparties everywhere in the world.  
Strong leadership team in place, I'll comment and also congratulate Leanne. Leanne has retired. She's given us over 30 years of service, never had a more diehard and more engaged leader in our company. So I want to congratulate her on that. As you know, she'll be with us until the end of the year and supporting transition activities.  
But also to congratulate Ted Colbert, who is a fantastic leader and proven himself in our services world and servicing. Half of his business is servicing the U.S. military. So he is ready to go on Boeing Defense, and he'll do a fantastic job.  
And then Stephanie Pope in our Services business, it's a bit of an old hat. She was the CFO at our Services business when we stood it up. She did a lot of the hard work associated with that stand up, and we treasure her as an operator, all the right instincts, and look forward to her future leading the Services business. So we feel good about the talent transitions that have occurred.  
And then I'll call out before I turn it back to Brian, just the -- thanks to administrator Steve Dickson at the FAA. As many of you know, he has retired. He stood tall during a difficult moment for The Boeing Company and to the FAA in the recertification of the 737 MAX, amongst the other multitude of responsibilities that he's had. We respect the work that he did and ultimately, the courage that he provided in the face of what was otherwise difficult external circumstance. So congratulations to him.  
And then the acting administrator Billy Nolen, he can count on our full support as he now takes over. So I'm confident in the milestones that we've been meeting. And we've been focused, I think, on the right things and with respect to long-term share owner value. That is what it's all about, and we intend to deliver on that prospect.  
So Brian, I'll turn it over to you.

Yes. We believe we're on a real improvement track with respect to engineering and manufacturing of our products and ultimately, the predictability of our business with respect to our commercial customers. We also believe strongly in our defense product line and the prospects for defense orders and growth in the relatively near to medium term. 
So that's it. I'll turn it over to questions. Let's go.

Yes. So why don't I grab that one? Brian can augment any way you like. Again, this is a tricky moment where I get into trouble if I predict any outcome with respect to FAA certification. 
What I can say because I do control it is the quality of the package that we've delivered to the FAA. And I also know that their fingerprints are all over it because they've been sort of side-by-side with us in this process. We've been getting guidance every step of the way. 
So I feel very good about all of that. Our customers have been through these airplanes. And so I think we're in reasonably good shape to go through a normal order, and I do not expect this to get elongated in any significant way. 
And I believe our cash flow projections or confidence, if you will, with respect to the year, are well suited and have enough room for the FAA to do its work and for us to answer questions in that process. So it's been a long, hard run, but I feel really good about where we are. 
And with respect to China, similarly, we've had no indications that there aren't going to be China deliveries in any way. As we know, we're certified to fly the airplanes. 
The COVID environment has put a really tough situation in play because our customers are not flying. They're down 70% in their domestic travel, and this is significant for them. So how long that goes on if it's measured in a couple of months, I still feel good about where we are with respect to deliveries. We derisked this year's delivery significantly, and we can derisk more. 
The market is craving 737 MAX, so I'm not concerned about our ability to derisk. I don't want to derisk because I still have faith that China can take the airplane. Anything, Brian?

Well, we believe based on all of our interactions with the FAA and our own engineering unit members and others that we have sufficient data to make our case and recertify or certify this airplane in accordance. So we have a reasonably high level of confidence in that, and I don't expect any significant sort of banter around that. 
But I can't be absolute about it. We're going to go through the process. I just know that there's been a lot of involvement on both sides and a lot of working together in this process in getting to the package we've submitted.

Yes. So we always think about this in 2 ways. One is that inventory opportunity I just described, and we've got to work on getting those delivered. And then, of course, the production rate that we're essentially at 31 a month. 
Our biggest job right now is to stabilize around that rate. The teams are working hard. They deal with supply constraints that pop up every now and then, but we got to be stable around 31 and then anything else is going to be a future decision that we're not prepared to take because we just want to get confidence in what's right in front of us. 
The good news is that there's plenty of demand that we can fulfill. And while we're watching the supply chain very closely, we feel good about where that particular program stacks up.

Yes, let me take that one. It's a very tricky question, and I don't want to speak for our counterparty in any way. Part of our 777X move out into '25 was to incorporate exactly whatever observations that you took account of to incorporate all the learnings we've had from our cert programs, the original MAX, the 87, now the -7 and then the -10. 
So we keep trying to incorporate all our learnings, and it is definitely a more rigorous process that we're all going through. Everything has to be completed. Every I has to be dotted, and every T has to be crossed. And now we're all getting used to it. 
So on the subject of whether that's a mature process or not, boy, I hope so. And I believe we're all better off for it. I don't like all the difficulties we've had to go through to get here. But so far, so good. 
And I know, I think the FAA has enough rigor in what they're doing. But with every next cert, I think we're all going to learn that it's just going to take a little longer. It's going to be a little more thorough than it's ever been.

Yes. I don't -- I've never seen this, and I have yet to run into an issue where we have not been resourced adequately on the programs. This has always boiled down to the time lines, and we go through these time lines every week. 
So the time lines have always been impacted by the rigor of the discussion between ourselves and our counterparty, the FAA, on what's needed, what data is required, what's needed to demonstrate a certain point or to write fully the development assurance program. 
A lot of writing, a lot of documentation, very thorough, et cetera. It has not been about whether we've had enough engineers to do the development work or to -- or even to write the technical work. So more focus, more resources on programs is always helpful. But that's not been the constraint so far, and I don't expect it to be the constraint. 
I think our pushout on the 777X with respect to the reallocation of resources, frankly, the biggest beneficiary of that is going to be the traditional metal wing 777 and our ability to just run some more airplanes through that -- through the line in the midst of the demand that we're seeing. So on the reallocation question, that's where I see the benefit the most. We have to really see it on the cert programs themselves.

It's a great question. I hope I never get there. First and foremost, with respect to the original legislation, there was a lengthy window put in there based on historic certification timetables that would have provided for the 7 and 10 easily. 
So these things have taken longer. The intent of that legislation was never to stop the derivative product line with respect to the MAX. So I believe our chances are good with respect to getting legislative relief. It doesn't mean we'll get them. And if we don't, it's a problem. 
On the other hand, demand for the MAX is substantial. And we have other airplanes in substitution that we could implement. And that decision has to get made sometime between now and the end of the year. Don't feel the need to do it now. I'm still pretty focused and our company is pretty focused on getting the -10 certified and in our customers' hands. 
They love everything about the airplane. That's doing incredibly well on the development program itself. So it's a good question. It's the right question, and we have to make sure our decisioning and thought process is ahead of where we think things end up at the end of the year.

Yes. So Ron, let me start by hoping that you haven't missed the restructuring of our engineering organization. We -- it's the first thing I did. It wasn't to address the issue you're talking about because I don't attribute all of our issues and specific instances and write-offs to engineering shortfalls. I don't -- I never have. 
But we did restructure engineering to, in effect, reinforce, build our safety management system in a different way with a different outlet so that people could voice concerns and call out engineering disciplines as appropriate. And it's worked, and it's been fantastic. 
And we've benefited from the ideas that have moved from the BDS to BCA, et cetera, et cetera. So we've been beneficiaries of what I think is a significant restructuring. 
We are hiring. We are doing, I think, a terrific job on that front. It is not easy. So I don't want anybody to think otherwise, but we have had a pretty successful hiring program, a pretty successful retention program on that front. 
But when we look at the write-offs that we've taken, let's say, this quarter, for instance, these fixed-price development contracts that we took were taken before COVID existed and before this inflationary spiral came ripping down the road. So I don't attribute that to engineering shortfalls. And I don't attribute our certification issues and time lines to engineering shortfalls in any way. 
Our airplanes are flying incredibly well. Our 777X made it to Dubai, made it to Singapore in a gangbuster show. Everyone loved it. It's flying beautifully. It's meeting all of the requirements that we laid out. 
But the process of discovery between ourselves and our certification or our regulators around the world, it's different. It's changed. It's got to be thorough, and it's got to be good. 
So I don't accept the premise entirely that you put forward in the question. But please don't miss the fact that we have restructured and we are building our engineering function. I've always believed it's strong. I believe it's going to be even stronger.

Yes. So it's a great question, Doug. Yes, I will have a very different philosophy with respect to fixed-price development. And so I don't expect and I hope never to contribute to that issue. But we are where we are. 
And let me also say because I was on the Board at the time the T-7 and MQ-25 programs were taken, and yes, they were written off the day we took them knowing that we would be investing a fair amount of our own money in the future of those airframes. I will tell you this. I think those are going to be really good bets even though the development costs are more than we had anticipated. 
When we get through them all and deliver on those contracts, those airplanes don't go away. There are futures attached to them and big programs in our view that involve many, many airplanes. And I think both airplanes are going to be very successful in supporting our military. 
So the futures, with respect to real airplanes making real margins and contributing to The Boeing Company, I still believe strongly in. And then I'll just -- as I think I said earlier in my CNBC interview, Air Force One, I'm just going to call a very unique moment, a very unique negotiation, a very unique set of risks that Boeing probably shouldn't have taken. But we are where we are, and we're going to deliver great airplanes. And we're going to recognize the costs associated with it. 
With respect to inputs, yes, it's predominantly COVID-related inefficiency because I'll remind us in the defense world, when a COVID line goes down or a group of workers steps out, we don't have a whole bunch of cleared people to step into their shoes. So it has always been a tougher implication. 
And for VC-25B, where the clearances are ultra high, it's really tough. So we just got whacked in a number of different areas. Where you started is a great question and one that I hope I never contribute to.

Well, that's a -- it's a big question for the last one, but I'm very willing to take it on. You know the circumstance under which I came into the role. It all happened in a period of weeks, and I simply took on the objectives that had been set program by program inside the business. 
And I discussed with the Board that I would not in any way, shape or form hold that compensation program hostage to what I do with The Boeing Company. I would simply do what's right. I would simply pursue the programs, operate them the way I think they should be. 
If there are improvement opportunities that would compromise my ability to make one of those deliveries, then that's what I would do. So -- and that's what I've been doing. And I have been resetting expectations every step of the way the best I can. 
We have certain things in the world that we can't predict. That frustrates everyone. I get it. But what we do is we just keep trying to improve and get better and get back to a normalized rate of cash flow for you, cash flow for us. And I'm highly confident in our ability to do that, and I'm highly confident in the Boeing people to do it. 
So I don't want to recalibrate expectations other than timing questions and real-world stuff around how regulators approach certification. These are real. They take a little longer than they used to. They're a little more thorough than they used to. Boeing is better for it in the long run. 
And every one of these programs lasts for decades and decades, every one of them. And that's how I think about everything I do inside The Boeing Company. I think my Board understands it, and I trust that they will evaluate me on that basis whether or not compensation schemes are perfectly aligned.