Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. I hope you're staying well as we navigate through the other side of this crazy global pandemic.
We continue to work with our customers, our suppliers and our partners to stabilize our industry and chart the path to recovery. While this summer brought us new challenges with the variants, we have seen encouraging signs of increased vaccination rates, further progress on coordinated international travel policies and protocols and ongoing discussions with customers on their fleet planning.
As expected, the recovery has been uneven. However, it continues to gain broader momentum, giving us confidence in the resilience of our market. Vaccines have proven safe and effective, and they're key to personal health and to reopening the global economy, reopening travel routes and businesses. Our customers, both Commercial and Defense, have implemented vaccine mandates for their employee populations.
After careful review and consideration and to ensure compliance with President Biden's executive order, we are implementing a requirement for U.S.-based employees to show proof of being fully vaccinated from COVID-19 or have an approved reasonable accommodation. As we have done since the beginning of the pandemic, we will continue to prioritize the health and the safety of our employees.
We are making important progress in transforming our business, driving stability and quality in our operations and investing for the future. I'm proud of our team's continued resiliency and unwavering focus on our mission.
Before I go through our business update, I'd like to formally welcome Brian West, our new CFO, who is with us here today. In the 2 months since Brian started, he has spent countless hours at our operational sites with the finance and the broader teams, digging into issues, gaining an in-depth understanding of our business. Brian is an exceptional leader and we're grateful to have him on board.
With that, let's start with an update on the business in the next chart. Beginning with the 737 program, we continue delivering to our customers and supporting their efforts to return their fleets to service. In the third quarter, we delivered 62 737 MAX airplanes, the most we've delivered since the first quarter of 2019. We have made noteworthy progress since receiving approval from the FAA. And today, over 175 countries have approved the resumption of 737 MAX operations. We've delivered more than 195 airplanes, including about 1/3 of the 450 airplanes originally in inventory.
We have largely placed the airplanes that required remarketing. Our airline customers have returned more than 200 previously grounded airplanes to revenue service. 31 airlines have returned their fleets to service and those airlines have safely flown over 206,000 commercial flights, totaling more than 500,000 flight hours.
Importantly, the fleet has an impressive schedule reliability rate of more than 99%. And as domestic and regional traffic recovers, for example, intra-Europe, demand for the 737 MAX continues to improve. In September, we saw the eighth straight month of positive net commercial airplane orders, primarily due to the 737 MAX. At the end of the quarter, we had over 3,300 aircraft in our 737 backlog, highlighting the airplane's families value proposition.
Given this demand during the third quarter, we increased our production rate to 19 airplanes per month and continue to progress toward a production rate of 31 per month in early 2022. While we continue to deliver from inventory, we are balancing the need to increase the production rate to position us to support increasing demand longer term.
We're actively working to ensure the production system, including the supply chain, is stable prior to making decisions to further increase the production rate. Raw materials, logistics and labor availability will also be key watch items for future rate increases.
As we previously communicated, the timing of remaining regulatory approvals will shape our near-term delivery plans and our production rate ramp beyond 31 per month. Following the completion of the 737 MAX flight test in China during the third quarter, we continue to work toward approval by the end of the year, with a resumption of deliveries to follow in the first quarter of next year. We also continue to make progress on the certification of the 737 MAX 7 and the MAX 10. We currently anticipate the first delivery of the MAX 7 in early 2022 and the first delivery of the MAX 10 in 2023. As always, we will follow global regulators' lead in the steps ahead on all certification matters.
On the 787 program, we remain fully committed to our methodical approach to driving first-time quality and stability in our operations. The issues that our engineering teams and/or our suppliers have identified and are addressing are part of this purposeful process, and we have transparently communicated with our regulators, our customers and our suppliers every step of the way.
As recently shared, we have also identified quality issues with a sub-tier parts supplier. And while our review is ongoing, there are no immediate safety of flight concerns. We are in regular communication with the FAA on these issues and are committed to taking any action required to address them.
As to the 787 generally, we are conducting inspections and rework, and we continue to engage in detailed discussions with the FAA regarding the required actions for resuming deliveries. As we mentioned last quarter, we continue to reprioritize production resources to support the inspection and the rework, and are currently producing at a rate of approximately 2 airplanes per month. Once deliveries resume, we expect to return to 5 per month over time.
Keep in mind, exact timing of deliveries and future production rates will depend upon inspections and rework, ongoing customer and supplier conversations, production stability and our activities with the FAA. Again, our regulators will make the ultimate determination, but we believe we have a clear line of sight to the steps ahead, and we are continuing to make steady progress to begin delivering airplanes to our customers.
Moving to the 777 and the 777X program. The combined production rate is 2 per month. Given continued strength in freighter demand, we have coordinated with our supply chain and are increasing 777 freighter production capacity in the near term. We now expect 2022 777 deliveries to be relatively in line with 2021.
On the 777X program, we continue to subject the airplane to a comprehensive test program to demonstrate its safety, its performance and reliability while working through our rigorous development process to ensure we meet all applicable requirements. We continue to engage with the FAA and global regulators throughout this process and like any development program, we are learning along the way and incorporating those learnings into our plans.
As we progress in our certification work, we continue to conduct Boeing flight tests and began engine performance flight testing earlier this month. The airplane is performing well and in line with our customer commitments based on the data that we've collected to date. We will validate these results, and we will continue to work with the FAA to ensure we meet their requirements prior to beginning the certification flight test. We still expect that we will deliver the first 777X in late 2023.
Given the continued robust freighter demand and the compelling economics of the 777X, we are currently evaluating the timing of launching a freighter version of our 777X airplane. We will keep you updated as we progress in this evaluation.
In addition, for the 737 MAX 7, the MAX 10 and the 777X, we are investing in our future, laying the foundation for our next commercial airplane development program. This quarter, we stood up an integrated product team to bring together a digital environment where the next commercial new airplane and production system can be designed together. While we have not launched a new airplane, this is an important step in our digitization journey and our development journey to evaluate how we holistically design, build, test, certify and support the airplane and production system. It will build on the invaluable experience of our recent Defense programs.
Meanwhile, we continue to execute for our customers across our business. Let me highlight a few key milestones. Our Defense, Space & Security team made progress on key programs. For example, our MQ-25 unmanned test asset completed aerial refueling of a F-35C fighter jet and an E-2D command and control aircraft. We also delivered 37 aircraft in the quarter, including the first CH-47F Chinook to the Royal Australian Army.
As was recently shared, the NASA and Boeing teams have identified the most probable cause of the valve malfunction on our commercial cruise Starliner, and we are working through corrective and preventative actions. We are currently working toward opportunities for the second orbital flight test to launch in 2022, pending hardware readiness to rocket manifest and space station availability. As we have demonstrated, we will continue to prioritize the safety of our employees, crew members and spacecraft as we progress.
In our Global Services business, our team continued to perform and demonstrate sustained recovery from the impacts of COVID-19. As cargo demand increases, we announced plans to create additional capacity for the 767-300 Boeing converted freighter. In addition to these program accomplishments, we continue to make progress on our commitment to drive the future of sustainable aviation.
Boeing recently joined a virtual White House event on sustainable aviation, reiterating our commitment to have our commercial airplanes capable of running on 100% sustainable aviation fuels by 2030 and our partnership with SkyNRG to expand the global supply of sustainable aviation fuel. We also hosted a 2-day Boeing Innovation Forum in Glasgow, bringing together partners in the region, customers, aviation experts and STEM students to accelerate efforts to ensure a safe and sustainable aerospace future.
We were also excited to participate in the IATA Annual General Meeting to discuss our path toward a more sustainable future and how we can support the aviation sector's commitment to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. In fact, just yesterday, our Chief Technology Officer, along with the CTOs from 6 other leading aerospace manufacturing companies, reaffirmed our commitment to reaching this industry-wide target.
Now let's turn to the next slide to discuss the industry environment. Last month, we released our 2021 Boeing market outlook, which forecasts a total market value of $9 trillion over the next decade. This is up from $8.5 trillion a year ago and from $8.7 trillion in the prepandemic 2019 forecast, reflecting the market's continued recovery. The forecast closely aligns to what we laid out last year.
Our government services, defense and space markets remain significant and relatively stable. While increased government spending on COVID-19 response is adding pressure to defense budgets in some countries, others are increasing spending on their security. Overall, the global defense market remains strong and enduring with all of our major programs. 
We remain focused on delivering the highest quality, innovative, capable and affordable platforms to the warfighter and maintaining the health of our supplier base. The diversity of our portfolio creates new opportunities and continues to help provide critical stability for us as we move forward. We continue to focus on our customers' needs, expanding capabilities on our trusted platforms, investing in next-generation technologies like autonomy and building on our foundation in model-based engineering to deliver and intelligently support key franchise programs like the T-7A and the MQ-25.
We see strong continued bipartisan support for U.S. national security, including strategic investments in Boeing products and services as Congress works through its annual budget and authorization process for fiscal year 2022. The F/A-18 and the Chinook Block II remain critical capabilities for the warfighter both domestically and for non-U.S. customers. We will continue to work with the administration and with Congress to ensure the necessary support for these key programs is in place.
The commercial market is shaping up largely as we expected. While near-term pressure due to COVID-19 continues, the recovery is broadening and the key long-term fundamentals remain strong. We've seen positive momentum in some markets. However, the recovery continues to be uneven. In the third quarter, we saw global departures increase slightly to an average of 67% of 2019 levels, up from 59% the previous quarter.
Similar to what we saw in the first half of the year, domestic traffic is leading the recovery. However, traffic took a slight step back in the late summer due to the Delta variant and increased travel restrictions, resulting in global August domestic traffic of approximately 30% below 2019 levels. Since then, it has shown signs of improvement, most notably in the domestic China market.
The U.S. domestic market continues to be a bright spot in the recovery with TSA screenings resuming an upward weekly trend since mid-September and peak travel days are reaching 80% to 85% of 2019 volumes. We are also seeing the recovery accelerate in more parts of the world which reduced travel restrictions and coordinated protocols. Japan's domestic traffic is accelerating after the country recently dropped its COVID state of emergency, and European airlines have seen large booking spikes following the U.S. decision to open to vaccinated foreign travelers in November.
Passenger traffic in other parts of the world, particularly Southeast Asia, remained significantly lower due to continued travel restriction, uncertainty and case rates. Even there, however, there is increasing momentum for air travel as vaccination rates climb.
International operations are starting to see incremental improvement, with August traffic 69% below 2019, which was an improvement from June and July. And we're seeing promising signs of entry protocols loosening across the transatlantic corridor. Despite this progress, international traffic is still a long way from full recovery. Limited coordination on travel protocols are still significantly hindering traffic in the international segment.
Yet the active fleet is now approximately 85% of its previous size, with single-aisle activity levels slightly above twin-aisle. With utilization rates and load factors still below historic levels, airlines are flying around 60% of their normal global capacity. Recent changes to government policies could accelerate this to 70% by year-end. 
However, we have seen continued variability in capacity due to supply chain and logistics challenges our customers are facing. As the recovery continues to expand, airlines are shifting their focus to medium-term fleet planning. As part of this assessment, airlines have retired or announced plans to retire around 1,500 airplanes since the onset of the pandemic. We anticipate this trend will continue as our customers modernize their fleets to reduce carbon emissions and increase operational efficiency.
With oil prices today approximately 30% higher than at the end of 2019, operating efficiency is top of mind for most of our customers. The new airplanes we deliver will be as much as 25% to 40% more fuel efficient with commensurate reductions in emissions compared to the airplanes they replaced. The freighter market remains robust, with cargo traffic 8% higher year-to-date through August compared to 2019. With limited belly cargo capacity on passenger airlines, more dedicated freighters are being utilized to transport cargo. This is resulting in healthy demand for our freighter offerings, with 24 additional freighter airplanes ordered in the quarter and strong demand for Boeing converted freighters. In fact, our converted and new freighter orders through the first 9 months of this year have already surpassed our highest annual freighter tally in history.
As we look to the medium and long term, we see our original forecast still holds. We continue to expect passenger traffic to return to 2019 levels in '23 to '24, and then a few years beyond that to return to long-term growth trends. We still see recovery in 3 phases. First domestic, then regional markets such as intra-Asia, intra-Europe and intra-Americas flights, and finally, long-haul international routes. We've seen this phased recovery translate into demand with strong 737 MAX orders this year, which mainly support domestic markets. We anticipate demand for widebody aircraft to take longer in line with the international traffic recovery.
Our 10-year commercial airplane market outlook is largely unchanged from what we assumed a year ago, reflecting the impacts of the global pandemic as well as the ongoing market recovery. From now until 2030, we forecast demand for over 14,000 single-aisle airplanes such as the 737 MAX, which equates to roughly 115 to 130 airplanes per month.
From a 20-year perspective, we still see the impact of COVID, but to a lesser extent, as traffic reverts to long-term trends. Through 2040, we project demand for about 43,500 new airplanes, an increase of about 500 planes over last year's forecast. And as air travel grows, we're committed to reaching sustainability goals and future guidelines through government and industry partnerships and a combination of technology, policy and operational advances.
And a significant area of growth, projected demand has increased for dedicated freighters, including new and converted models. With sustained demand for air cargo tied to expanding e-commerce and air freight's speed and reliability, we project the global freighter fleet in 2040 will be 70% larger than the prepandemic fleet.
On the global trade front, we continue to support and monitor U.S.-China trade relations, given the importance of the Chinese market to our economy and our industry's recovery as well as our near-term delivery profile and future orders, all of which influence future production rates. We remain in active discussions with our Chinese customers on their fleet planning needs and continue to urge leaders in both countries to resolve trade differences by reiterating the mutual economic benefits of a strong and prosperous aerospace industry.
Ultimately, America's leadership in aerospace as well as the health and stability of millions of commercial aerospace jobs rely on free and fair trade, and we are confident our leaders understand the importance of this area, not just for our business but for the overall health of our economy and competitiveness.
Turning to the commercial services market. We saw demand improve again in the third quarter as we supported airlines during their peak summer season. We expect this trend to continue near term, slightly ahead of our expectations. That said, we still anticipate a multiyear recovery that may be uneven. Liquidity is improving across the industry, and managing liquidity remains critical for the aerospace industry's bridge to full recovery.
As we highlighted previously, product differentiation and versatility will be key as airlines adapt to evolving market realities. In fact, the 787 has been the most utilized widebody airplane during the pandemic and demand for the MAX continues to grow. So far this year, we have sold more than 550 737s across each of the models from Dash 7 to Dash 10, reflecting the value of versatility and commonality. I'm confident our product line is well positioned, and we're focused on executing to meet that customer demand.
Despite the continued challenges our industry is facing due to COVID-19, passenger traffic is increasing. And more broadly, we're seeing incrementally positive indicators for economic growth. With economic activity picking up, labor availability within our supply chain will be the critical watch item. 
As we position for a robust recovery, we're focused on delivering for our customers and capturing the opportunities ahead. We're maintaining and, in some cases, expanding key investments in strategic processes, technologies and capabilities that will define our future. And whether we're investing in manufacturing technology, digital engineering, technology advances, autonomous solutions, supply chain capability or platform designs, sustainability will be a key factor in every decision.
We're continuing our transformational efforts to create long-lasting value, which will improve our performance, help us generate positive cash flow and create a foundation to enable us to return to healthy margins. While we do this, we remain committed to safety, quality and transparency, and I'm confident in our future.
With that, let me turn it over to Brian.

Thanks, Brian. We're making important progress. We're taking the right actions to drive stability, to drive safety and quality in everything that we do. And while the path can be dynamic, I'm confident in our recovery and in our long-term growth.
I'll close by thanking our teammates. Your resilience, your passion and your commitment continues to impress. These are challenging times, and you continue to bring your best to Boeing each and every day. As we look to the future, we're investing in our people and our teams to be sure Boeing remains a unique place to build your career and contribute to our important mission. Thank you for all that you do to support our customers, our company and each other.
And with that, Brian and I will be happy to take questions.

So Doug, I think as you know, we have done everything in our power to separate the settlement of the contract misses that we've experienced from new airplane orders and discounts. So we've done everything in our power to keep them separate, and we've been very successful in that process.
No negotiation is complete until it's complete. So I can't be perfectly accurate on this front. But the lion's share are, in fact, in the rearview mirror. And we know where the wiggle room is with respect to the -- we think the final ones.
On the other hand, I'll never say we're done until we're done. I am quite confident that pricing discipline going forward has been and will continue to be sustained and maintained. And I think as we shift from what used to be a demand problem to more of a supply problem in the course of next calendar year, that, in fact, all of the trends are in our favor on that front.
So I really -- I think this has been managed well in the separation of those issues. And I think we're in a pretty good and disciplined place with respect to pricing.

Yes. Doug, I feel very strongly that, that is, in fact, the case. And I've been involved in them. And we've already -- we have proof points. So yes.

Yes. I think it's too early for me to even suggest that one. We'll be as aggressive as we can in moving them out. But as you know, it all depends ultimately on the fleet planning changes that our customers employ. We've caused them harm to date as they rethink their fleet planning. They're going to take them when they want to take them. I can't jam them down anybody's throat. So as soon as we have real clarity with respect to the timing of all that, we will give you a good firm guidance on it.

No. We are actively talking with customers. And as we close the quarter, there are provisions for what we believe those concessions to be as we stand here today.

Yes. So I wish I could give you a little more clarity. It's going to be when it's going to be with respect to increasing the rates and also beginning deliveries because we really do have to get through these issues that prevent us from getting ticketed. 
While I believe we have clear line of sight on the issues, we've got to give our own teams and then the FAA time to get through all their analytics and agree with everything that we're doing with respect to the rework plans, et cetera. We are well through it, but we're not through it. So until that happens, until we can announce deliveries commencing, it's going to be hard for me to give you guidance.
With respect to demand, look, if I thought we were going to be at something below 5 a month anytime soon, I would make bigger adjustments and we'd have less of an abnormal cost scenario. Abnormal costs for me are important cost to keep this line up, running fresh and ready when 5 comes back. And so that's where we are.
And I also just happen to believe on the basis of the testimony from customers and their experience with the airplane. As I said, and I reiterate, the irony of the whole story is it's the most utilized widebody out there. It's delivering on efficiency. It's delivering on everything we promised. It's got cargo capability, which has been an important factor in the way the role that it's played.
It's just -- I think the demand is going to be quite robust. And I think as we get to the second half of next year, that will begin to play out for all of us. But at this moment in time, I just can't be real definitive until we commence deliveries.

Well, the time we gave ourselves, just for starters. We put a lot of time into this that prior to the 737 MAX recert, we would never have included. It would have been the total opposite. We would have been doing sort of straight lines from here to the cert. So we have put time in based on everything we've learned from the MAX. So far, our experience is that there have been pauses that the FAA has taken, maintaining the same posture that they did with the MAX. Boeing, get your house in order before we run this test, Boeing do this before we do that. And we have stuck to that discipline. And that has -- that was all part of the original plan and the timing for fourth quarter of '23.
So we're still on that plan. Nothing at this moment in time has sort of -- or posture taken has suggested that we're -- that the plan isn't still workable. So that's why it really was a -- it was that first moment when we surprised everybody with the delay and the time that it was going to take. It was all the planning involved in that, that I think still gives us confidence.

Well, on technical milestones, meaning commitments to our customers' efficiency, just that and the other thing. I think we're -- we've done all of our own flight tests. It's another reason why we're so confident. We've been flying. And so we are in a pretty good place on all that front. And we believe we can meet those expectations, if not, surpass them.
So no shortfalls on that front technically. As we work through all the safety protocols and all the documentation required on that front, I can't really guide you to any one thing, and I don't believe there is any one thing that gets in the way. But if there was ever going to be a gotcha, that's where it would be.

Yes. I -- on the subject of certainty, I can't give you certainty until I'm certain. I wouldn't use the word very. So I would characterize it as something quite a bit less than that. Our tip-to-tail inspection, and I think I mentioned this the last time we're all together, is complete. So we're not out there hunting for anything. We did have a sort of a late breaking from a parts supplier that, unfortunately, is a sub-tier supplier to other suppliers where we have to track a particular material substitution question that was brought to us by their regulators and track it through every part and then every supplier to us.
So that process just takes time. We have, of course, segmented those parts. We believe we're in a good place. We don't believe there's safety ramifications. On the other hand, on the subject of compliance, we have to make sure we're compliant with the material specs that are included in our design.
So that just takes some time. We are working our way through it. We're well past halfway. We're working our way down to the finish line, but that was the one that sort of added some time to this. And then with respect to the workload, it's 90% Boeing. We're the ones that have to satisfy ourselves that we're compliant. And then the FAA has to agree with those set of analytics, and they have to agree with all of our -- ultimately the judgments we make. And that's reasonably well in hand. We've been transparent from the word go. So there won't be any surprises with respect to what the issues are and/or the data that we're collecting to support our ultimate conclusions.
So I think we're in an okay place. I wouldn't say very uncertain. I don't use that term, but we are uncertain and we've got to get to that moment where we can start delivering.

Yes. No, they -- I wouldn't suggest they've been hunting for them in any profound way. This is -- from the very beginning, this has been mostly Boeing on Boeing. So -- but anything and everything that we ultimately find and/or a supplier volunteers to us, we take it straight to the FAA and then we begin to work our way through it. So again, I want to be careful. This is not a problem with the FAA. They're doing their work. We just have to solve these things by ourselves and bring it to them and make sure that they agree with our judgments.

That's the long pole in the tent.

Well, that's a little bit of why some drift into '23. So it's like everything. We don't get to unilaterally decide who gets them and how fast they get them. They got to incorporate them into their fleet plans, and there has been some repositioning of airplanes that require work, and you're right about that.
That's all included in our forward estimates with respect to the program performance. It's very manageable, and I think well within our means to do it all. I wouldn't consider it significant relative to the number of airplanes that we're going to move. Most of them are going to move under previously determined plans. So that's probably the best color I can give to you. But that is why there is some drift into '23 with respect to deliveries.

Well, because 31 was the number we used to evaluate the supply chain. I continue to believe and the evidence is beginning to support that by the second half of next year, our industry will be supply constrained. So in trying to determine what the right rate would be for us at 31, we believe we have a supply chain that can handle that. And you're right, with the amount of inventory build that we have asked for during these current months with low production rates, we think we're in a pretty good place to be able to do that. 
With respect to increasing from 31, as we go through the second half of the year and forward, I think that will be an assessment of the supply chain, not an assessment of demand that gets us to whatever number we get to. I think we're going to be in a supply-constrained world, probably from second half through all of '23 with respect to narrowbodies. And that's true, I believe, for the industry.

Yes. Good question, David. I -- the bigger source of variability with respect to completions and deliveries is on the inventoried airplanes that we are bringing back -- that we're bringing into service as opposed to ones coming fresh off the production line. So there's -- of course, as you know, there's a lot of warming up. There's a lot of things that you have to do. And depending on what you find, you've got to do the work to make sure the readiness is what it needs to be.
And we've said to the team, take all the time you need to get that exactly right. We're going to do this one airplane at a time. So we still have more variability in that than I'd like to have. We are getting a little more stable. I think as we move into next year, we're going to be quite stable on that front. But at any rate, that has been the source of most of our delivery variation on the MAX. We got to keep -- we do have to keep that discipline. That is why we're at the reliability rates we're at, which is extremely high.

Ought to be more skewed to '22. Yes. Yes, it will be more skewed to '22. And remember, like I said, we don't -- all these airplanes have homes. And so fleet -- our customers' fleet plans and all the turmoil that we've created for them, we got to incorporate every one of these deliveries into their fleet plans. And so it's a -- the counterparty has a lot of sway with respect to when we deliver and how we deliver. And like I said, that has a lot to do with sort of the tail moving into '23.

I don't have that number. I don't have the percentage on the tip of my tongue. Brian, if you might. But what I will say this is the risk -- if the question is related to risk, the risk related to that number continues to go down as we continue to sort of move out delivery rates.
And then secondly, with the robustness of the market, the willingness and the number of people interested in potentially taking some big portion of that, that's also sort of at the door. So it's not as big a risk to our company as it once felt. On the other hand, I don't have the number on the tip of my tongue.

Yes. No, we have to get better at delivering out of the completion center our inventoried airplanes, which I think we will. As I mentioned to you before, we've had a lot of variability on that front. And we've got to be better at that, and that is the kind of work that we're doing. So I'm reasonably confident. I'm not sure I've got the same math you've got. But nevertheless, you're in the ballpark. And that's what we have to commit to do.

Well, let me answer the second question first. I'll let Brian discuss taxes, although I doubt he'll want to forecast it. Most of the rework with respect to the issues that have come up on the 787 is in the rearview mirror for us. So this will be a little less about that.
Now whatever we find in these last set of parts and anything that we may have to do on that front, as I said, is ahead of us. But we've been doing rework nonstop for the last 7 months. So it's not a giant mountain ahead of us. So then it just becomes a question of customer, when do they want it. 
Now remember, international ops for almost all of our customers are still significantly below where they used to be. So when do they want them? How does it meld into their fleet plan? Because we're going to be incredibly accommodative to that. And then second, just how we orchestrate the movement through our completion center alongside the FAA. So those will be the determinants. But it will not be a giant rework backlog that is going to prevent us from delivering airplanes.