Thank you, Marita, and good morning, everyone. 
I want to start by saying I hope you are all staying safe and healthy during this global crisis. I also want to thank my Boeing colleagues around the globe for everything they are doing to support each other, our business and our customers during these intensely challenging times. On behalf of Boeing, I'd like to recognize all of the public servants out there, from federal, state and local authorities, to frontline health care professionals and first responders, for the difficult decisions and the personal risks they are making to protect and care for all of us.  Let's turn to the second slide, please. 
The COVID-19 pandemic is a global crisis like no other. This hits home for us personally and professionally. Across Boeing, we're focused on keeping our people and our communities safe. We're battling to stop the virus by taking every measure possible, including early implementation of virtual work, deep cleaning our work areas, adjusting work patterns, adding visual indicators to increase social distancing and temperature screening stations with no-touch thermal scanners, providing access to medical information around the clock, quarantining anyone potentially exposed to the virus, suspending operations where necessary, and more.  We have doubled our paid leave policy for those who cannot work remotely when their sites are suspended. 
At sites where we've had to temporarily suspend operations, we've worked closely with our customers to ensure we maintain critical support for them. And before bringing our teams back to work, we've implemented objective and rigorous steps aligned with federal and state guidance to ensure safe and orderly restart of operations. 
Earlier this week, we announced that we will resume operations at our Boeing South Carolina site beginning on May 3. This move brings back our final production site that was temporarily suspended as a result of COVID-19. 
We're also doing everything we can to support our global supply chain health. A number of our suppliers have suspended or reduced their operations, resulting in some supply shortages for our own operations. In some cases, this contributed to our site suspension decisions. We've taken mitigating actions where we can, but supply disruption remains a key watch item for us. 
At the other end of our value chain, we continue to support our commercial airplanes and services customers as their own business slows to a trickle. We've also focused on meeting the commitments to our defense and space customers. Given the swift and severe nature of this COVID-19 shock to preserve the long-term competitiveness of our company as well as our industry, we are intensely focused on ensuring liquidity through the immediate crisis. We welcome that some 26 countries, including the United States, have announced economic support packages worth more than $100 billion, specifically targeting the aerospace and airline sectors. The aerospace industry relies on a global shared supply chain. And the aviation sector supports 3.6% of the global GDP, generating more than 65 million jobs worldwide. 
In the U.S., we applaud the administration and Congress for working together to pass the CARES Act, which will be critical to supporting the nation's entire aerospace manufacturing sector, which comprise 2.5 million jobs and 17,000 suppliers. We expect that programs coming out of the bill and funding options the government is putting in place will provide support to help the credit markets function again, providing the liquidity that is vital to our industry's ability to bridge recovery. The $25 billion support package agreed to by the U.S. airlines and the government is a pivotal step toward maintaining the aviation pillar of the U.S. economy even if full recovery will take years, not months. Knowing that the U.S. airline industry has critical financial support through the pandemic allows us to plan our production and services system for the medium and long-term impact on air travel. 
Greg will go through our liquidity situation in more detail a bit later, but let me just say we believe that government support will be critical to ensuring our industry's access to liquidity. We continue to evaluate options in the capital markets as well as funding options from the U.S. government via the U.S. Treasury and various federal reserve programs. We've also taken other aggressive liquidity steps, including drawing down on a term loan, reducing operating costs, suspending dividend payments, terminating share repurchase authorization, reducing or deferring noncritical spend and accelerating some progress payment receipts with the help from our defense customers. Additionally, we are working to resize and reshape our business, starting at the top with our leadership structure. We are consolidating roles, simplifying processes and focusing accountabilities. 
As part of this reorganization, I've asked Greg Smith, who most of you know well, to take additional responsibilities leading our enterprise manufacturing, supply chain and services functions in addition to his CFO and strategy roles. 
Before I turn to our longer-term business environment and the steps we're taking to prepare for it, I want to call out the selfless contributions Boeing employees have made to the broader fight against the coronavirus. They've been producing protective face shields for distribution to health care professionals, have flown our aircraft on missions to transport critical health care supplies around the world, donated masks, gloves and other equipment, and contributed hundreds of thousands of dollars to food centers for people in need. And that's just a partial list. 
Now I'd like to turn the attention to the outlook for our industry highlighted on Slide 3. The air travel industry has never seen anything quite like this. The latest IATA forecast projects full year passenger traffic to be down 48% this year compared to 2019 as global economic activity slows down due to the COVID-19 and the governments severely restricting travel to contain the spread of that virus. Here in the U.S., passenger traffic at this moment in time is down 95% compared to a year ago. 
Airlines are cutting back operations dramatically. As they assess their businesses, they're making difficult decisions that result in grounding fleets, deferring airplane orders, postponing acceptance of completed orders and slowing down or stopping payments. They are also accelerating aircraft retirements and requiring fewer services.  
The fundamentals that have driven air travel for the past 5 decades and doubled air traffic over the past 2 decades remain intact. We believe this industry will recover, but it will take 2 to 3 years for travel to return to 2019 levels, and it will be a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term growth trends. 
Our outlook is informed by decades of analysis and insights on customer behavior, including how the industry has reacted to prior market shocks. We incorporated assumptions related to a prolonged recession and potential consolidation within the industry in our assessment.  The picture is dynamic and subject to many unknowns, but, as we see it today, narrowbody airplanes will lead the way to recovery, trailed by widebody fleets, as airlines progressively bring their networks back online. Therefore, widebody passenger fleets will likely be more significantly impacted than narrowbody airplanes in the near term. 
A key driver in both segments will be the rate of retirements of older fleets. We expect our customers to look at their fleet planning strategies differently in light of these dynamics. More than 2,500 aircraft with 20-plus years of service were in active service prior to the crisis. Replacements will not be uniform as airlines will focus on the oldest and least efficient to retire. Some airlines have already made announcements to this effect. Airplanes that we plan to deliver this year will be 25% to 40% more fuel-efficient than the airplanes that they're replacing. 
Our position is helped by the value proposition of our family of airplanes and the diversity of our backlog. This includes our market-leading 787 Dreamliner family; our unmatched cargo lineup; the world's largest and most efficient twin engine jet, 777X; and the versatile 737 family. To balance the supply and demand given the COVID-19 shock, and to preserve our long-term potential and competitiveness, we have decided to reduce the production rates of several of our commercial airplane programs.  Let's turn to Slide 4. 
In the narrowbody segment, we have assumed that we will resume 737 MAX aircraft production at low rates in 2020 as timing and conditions of return to service are better understood. We expect to gradually increase the production rate to 31 during 2021, with further gradual increases that correspond with market demand. The slower production rate ramp-up reflects commercial airline industry uncertainty due to the impact of COVID-19. And the production rate ramp profile is also affected by the pace of delivery of our stored aircraft. We continue to see our new MAX airplanes creating capacity for growth and providing required replacements for older, less efficient airplanes. We will continue to work closely with our customers to review their fleet plans and make adjustments where appropriate to adapt to lower-than-planned 737 MAX production in the near term, provide more flexibility to deliver MAX airplanes in our backlog and protect the value of the MAX family. 
Moving to the widebody segment. We now plan to reduce the 787 production rate to 10 per month in 2020, and then gradually reduce to 7 per month by 2022. We will continue to evaluate the rate beyond 2022 to balance supply and demand. Our 787 Dreamliner family has a compelling value proposition, offering unparalleled fuel efficiency and range flexibility, enabling carriers to optimize fleet and network performance as well as profitability -- as well as profitably expanding to new markets. 
Turning to the 777X. We've made progress on the 777X certification requirements and have resumed flight testing with the restart of our operations in the Puget Sound. We currently expect first delivery of the 777-9 to be in 2021, and we'll continue to manage the risks inherent in any development program, especially ones around certification in the post MAX environment and COVID-19-related impacts. We now expect to deliver 777 at an average rate of approximately 2.5 per month in 2020. And due to the market uncertainties, driven primarily by the impacts of COVID-19, we plan to reduce the combined 777, 777X production rate to 3 per month in 2021.  We will take a measured approach to the 777X rate ramp as we will look to minimize the amount of change in corporation work by managing the number of aircraft produced prior to entry into service. On the 777s, as I discussed earlier, we will continue to closely monitor the cargo market and carefully manage our skyline. 
Finally, we'll make no change to the 767 and 747 production rates at this time. These programs are targeted for the cargo market, and approximately half of the 767 production line is dedicated to the tanker program. These rate decisions are based on our current assessment of the demand environment, taking into account a host of risks and opportunities. We will closely monitor the key factors that affect our skyline, including the widebody replacement cycle and the cargo market. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and make adjustments as appropriate in the future.  Now let's turn to Slide 5. 
The diversity of our portfolio is unmatched, and our government services, defense and space programs will provide critical stability for us moving forward. In fact, our work in these areas accounted for 45% of our overall revenue in 2019. That will obviously increase in the year ahead. At Defense, Space & Security, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs, both domestically and internationally. Despite some near-term production impacts associated with our temporary suspension of operations at various locations, our portfolio of programs and technologies remains well aligned to our customers' missions. We are also well positioned with proven world-class platforms to address current needs and innovative, capable and affordable new franchise programs for the future. 
For example, the president's budget request for fiscal year '21 supports key Boeing programs, including the V-22 and Apaches, 12 F-15EX aircraft and 15 KC-46A Tankers. It also requests funding in line with the expected development profile of future franchise programs, the MQ-25, the T-7A Red Hawk and the MH-139A Grey Wolf, and our extra-large unmanned undersea vehicle.  We have received broad support from the Pentagon for programs and products across the BDS portfolio. 
We are continuously improving performance of our existing platforms, including the KC-46A Tanker and our space programs. And while the tanker program has had delays and other challenges, with this month's agreement with the U.S. Air Force to develop and integrate a new remote vision system, we will ensure that KC-46 becomes the standard by which all future refueling aircraft are measured. Given its 2020 design update, no other tanker will have the technological capabilities of the KC-46. The men and women of the U.S. Air Force have our full commitment, and our investment in the tanker reinforces that dedication. 
Our space teams completed the core stage of NASA's space launch system and learned key lessons from the CST-100 Starliner's orbital flight test. We will refly this test to demonstrate the quality of the Starliner system, paving the way for future crude flights. It is the right thing to do for our NASA customer and the astronauts who ultimately fly on it. As you may recall, we provisioned for another uncrewed mission in our financials last quarter. 
On the services side, we are seeing a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spend, such as modifications and upgrades, and focusing on required maintenance. We anticipate accelerated retirement of older airplanes, which will result in a newer fleet when air travel resumes to previous levels, which will prolong the period of decreased demand for our commercial services offerings. Similar to commercial airplanes, we expect a multiyear recovery period for the commercial services business. 
The demand outlook for our government services business, which, in 2019, accounted for just under half of the BGS revenue, it remains stable. The strength of government services provides a strong foundation for our overall services business. We see growth in a number of government services areas, including ramp-ups to support international customers with training, logistics and supply chain offerings as well as growth on key U.S. programs. 
In summary, our industry is going to look very different as a result of this pandemic and the economic impact it has had on airlines and schedules around the world. The resulting reductions in the BCA production rates I outlined will require us to make similar adjustment in our infrastructure, our spending and our workforce.  
We will be a smaller company for a while. We've worked hard to maintain the stability of our workforce, avoiding layoffs even though -- even through the suspension of MAX production, doubling the length of time we pay employees impacted by the COVID-induced shutdown of Puget Sound, Charleston and other sites, bringing people back to work at those sites as soon as we safely could. But the sharp reduction in demand for our airplanes that we see out over the next several years won't support the size of the workforce we have today. At this time, we are taking action to reduce our workforce by approximately 10% of our roughly 160,000 employees by end of this year through the combination of voluntary layoffs, attrition and involuntary layoffs as necessary.  This is 10% of the total for our enterprise. We'll have to make even deeper reductions in areas that are most exposed to the condition of our commercial customers, more than 15% across commercial airplanes and services businesses, as well as our corporate functions. At the same time, the ongoing stability of our defense, space and related services businesses will help us limit the overall depth of the cut. 
Of course, we will continue to monitor market conditions closely in light of the unpredictable factors currently driving it, and we will make ongoing adjustments as appropriate. We will continuously work to shape our business to compete in what we think the market will look like over the next 5 years. 
I shared this news with our employees this morning, and I committed to implementing these reductions as fairly, respectfully and transparently as possible, and providing as much support for our employees as we can through the duration of the global health emergency we are facing. 
Before I turn this over to Greg, I want to update you on a couple of other important topics. First, our progress on safely returning the 737 MAX to service. We're continuing our work on the safe return of the MAX to service, working closely with the FAA and other global regulators. Right now, we are focused on completing the software validation and required technical documentation that will precede a certification flight. Some of this documentation work has taken longer than we anticipated. And the coronavirus situation has also required some changes to how we do things, including working remotely and virtual meetings with our regulators. With that said, we've continued to make very solid progress, and we currently expect that the necessary regulatory approvals will be obtained in time to support resumption of 737 MAX deliveries during the third quarter. Of course, the actual timing will ultimately be determined by our regulators. 
In the meantime, we have approximately 450 737 MAX aircraft built and stored, and our MAX backlog has remained strong throughout this process at approximately 4,000 aircraft. They are the most fuel-efficient narrowbody planes in the market with useful lives well over 25 years. We have been working proactively with our customers to maintain the health of this backlog while responding to their needs. 
Turning to Embraer. We announced Saturday that we have terminated the agreement to establish a strategic partnership between our 2 companies, covering both the planned commercial and defense joint ventures. We worked diligently for 2 years to finalize the transaction, but ultimately, we could not come to resolution around critical, unsatisfied conditions for the deal under our master transaction agreement. It is deeply disappointing, but we have reached a point where continued negotiation was no longer helpful. And so we exercised the rights set out in the MTA to terminate the agreement.  Looking ahead, we will continue to concentrate on what is most important across Boeing. 
To that end, I established 6 company priorities in January. They included returning the 737 MAX safely to service and earning back trust with our stakeholders. We are also committed to delivering excellence across our businesses and restoring our production health, and we are determined to invest in our future while always living our values. We will not lose sight of the importance of making investments that are critical to our future, such as the continued -- such as continuing to progress on our development programs such as the 777X and the 737 MAX 10. 
With that, let me turn it over to Greg for an update on our financial performance. Greg?

Thanks, Greg. We're in an unprecedented period for the industry and the world, and I'm humbled and privileged to lead the talented people of Boeing. We are and will be taking the right action to navigate through this pandemic, support our workforce, maintain supply chain continuity and stability and position for a changing market. 
We continue to support our defense customers in their critical national security missions. We are progressing towards the safe return to service of the 737 MAX, and we are driving safety, quality and operational excellence into all that we do every day. And through it all, we are keeping the health of our employees, their families and our communities top of mind. 
We believe the long-term industry fundamentals remain strong, and air travel will recover. Our portfolio of products and technology is well positioned, and we're confident we will emerge from this crisis and thrive again as a leader of our industry. History has proven Boeing is a company that rises to these challenges.  
With that, Greg and I will be happy to take your questions. Thank you.

Yes. Thank you. Number one, as you probably know and has been reported on widely, we have been having conversations, intense ones, for the better part of a month with our MAX customers about delivery and when to take them. And it's, I would call it, a wide variation with respect to what they ask for. Some want them right away. Some of them want to defer for quite a while. Our assessment is reflected in these numbers based on those interactions. And yes, there's more to be had, but we think it sort of accurately reflects that. And if anything, in light of the, now, all of the government resources that had been provided to many of the airlines, which a month ago, were still in doubt. Some of that has settled down. 
So -- now, with respect to priorities. Our priority will be to deliver the finished goods inventory that we have. And as a result, the production rate is the one that we will sort of change based on what happens in the marketplace. Marketplace gets more robust for any reason, we'll increase that rate sooner rather than later. And if it defers and/or gets any worse, we will do the opposite. So the variable in this is going to be the production rate. And the rate we've chosen now, this 31 number, and a slow pace to get to 31, reflects everything we know about the conversations with all of our MAX customers.

The $60 billion number, of course, was put together early in this process. And credit markets were as tight as they could be, and we were trying to assess the fragility of mostly the supply chain, frankly. And we do have some weak or soft spots in that supply chain. But with respect to Boeing's role in the health of the supply chain, I think everybody here knows that the real leverage for us is when we are sound and our credit is good and we place orders against all of our supply chains. Then in fact, that provides the liquidity that they need ultimately to make the adjustments that they're going to make in response for our production rates. So that, in and of itself, whatever ultimately we do and the liquidity we provide to our suppliers is most important. But our number was meant to represent sort of the whole -- all of the supply chain, 17,000 suppliers, the Tier 1s and the support that the Tier 1s might need, and I can't speak for that. And so, again, the $60 billion number was, in fact, an industry number, not a Boeing-specific number.

Just other -- maybe one other comment with respect to the market backdrop on the 787. The demand for the 87 is pretty strong. And our issue is, in our assumptions, and we think we're right, is that the international route structures are going to come back much slower than the domestic ones. And as a result, the 87 suffers for that. But otherwise, the airplane's performance, its utilization right now in the marketplace is pretty amazing. So we feel good about the airplane. But this pushover, based on the assumptions we've made, it is what it is.

So let me take a swing at that. First of all, I'm going to assume, if we haven't heard from, literally, all of our customers by now, we will, with respect to what they would like to do. And these discussions are constructive. And we do everything in our power to defer when we can, swap where we can, et cetera. And remember, a lot of our customers, all of them are invested with respect to PDPs that, of course, we have retained. So each of these discussions, believe it or not, has been quite constructive and productive. And everything we know about their initial requests are reflected in our new production rates. And it's not to suggest that there isn't risk remaining on the demand side. But we're not -- like, we're not looking through rose-colored glasses. We're actually doing quite the opposite, which is to meet as many of these requests as we can, negotiate outcomes where we can, and we have a whole bunch of them. And then reflect that accurately in the production rates in the forward view. And that is exactly where we sit. So anyway, it's surprising. 
But the one thing that's probably surprised me a bit is the extent to which this will accelerate fleet rationalization in the customer base. You know this scenario. We went from a growth -- a robust growth environment, where even if they had plans to retire a portion of their fleet, they couldn't do it, simply because the market wasn't robust as it was. And they've now gone into the polar opposite. And so this is that moment where rationalization efforts get big. And believe it or not, in some cases, it even requires that maybe new airplanes be ordered simply to rationalize the fleet that they're trying to put out of business.  
So this is a very interesting set of dynamics. The fleet planning efforts are in full swing for everybody. And again, I think we've reflected everything we know.

Well, in my experience, and I lived through it in my life at GECAS back in the post 9/11 world, it turns out that, that is exactly what holds up. And we believe that, in fact, it will hold up again. And a lot of the discussions we've had have been with financial markets and lessors, as you would imagine. So I think your assumption is correct. And part of our assumptions in this process reflect the discussions we've had with financial sources. So I guess, yes is the answer. I can't put an absolute number on it for you, but it's clearly reflected in our numbers.

Well, let me take a crack at this first. The right order of business is the one that is going on right before our eyes. And the first is to get the airlines from the pre-COVID moment into the post-COVID moment. And for them to be warm when they get there so that they can begin that recovery process, that, in and of itself, puts some stability out there in the marketplace. And it allows us, Boeing, to now reflect medium-term demand, long-term demand and make the adjustments in accordance with that. We believe we have a balance sheet, and we believe we have tools available to us and credit markets that are open enough to us, to be able to get from here to there and get there with room to spare. As we do that, our good credit then extends into the supply chain. And the supply chain then has to make a whole bunch of adjustments on their own to reflect the new production requirements at both Airbus and Boeing. So again, the airlines bridging that moment; Boeing, Airbus access to credit and their ability to finance from here to that medium-term moment; and then the supply chain's ability to now restructure themselves to meet that new demand, but always relying on our credit and always relying on our factories being open, that's a real advantage. And then the tools that the CARES Act has put in place, and we do work closely with the administration on trying to get them to understand where the soft spots might be in that overall supply chain and direct those tools to that supply chain.  And that's the process that's unfolding before our eyes. Believe it or not, I think it's robust and it's working. And so I'm not anticipating, at least at this moment in time, any big or serious repercussions from supply chain issues. In some ways, just in the last 2 or 3 weeks, as governments have stepped up with their tools, et cetera, there's been a little more stability than there was just prior.

We are. And I know you would imagine, but we have a lot of folks who help us with this. And we have stress test the case that we're putting forward in many, many ways that are much more difficult than what we believe we're going to do. And we do get through it. And we do -- ultimately, when we do take on more debt, we also believe strongly that we're going to start paying it down. Now at what rate we pay it down is the real question. But when we get to some form of stability at these production rates, and I believe we will, we'll be in good shape to begin that process of returning money to our lenders.

Well, with respect to the MAX, I have a lot more confidence in the MAX and its place in the market than maybe the question implies. We have a value prop that actually is still pretty good. In some ways, if airplane loads want to get smaller as a result of maybe a smaller set of passengers flying on them in the next several years, it might actually play to us. We have a robust backlog with it. And we're not out of the product development business. We're definitely in it. We are invested in capabilities with respect to manufacturing and engineering that we believe will offer a very differentiated product in whatever strategy we choose. And we're fast at work at that stuff, and we continue to be at work on it. It will probably not be applied to an NMA, and I think we've conveyed that to the marketplace. But this time, actually, in some of these market changes, and then those important technologies we're investing -- and actually, I have a lot of faith, both in the product that we currently serve it with, and then secondly, the capabilities we'll bring to whatever we eventually develop as a next gen.  And in the meantime, on the widebody world, and particularly in the freighter world, we like our strategies. We're going to continue to invest in it. And I believe, at the moment, that's our -- probably our biggest priority. 
So -- and then at the low end, Embraer's not going away. They're going to fight tooth and nail to win at that low end of the marketplace, and they'll battle Airbus, the former Bombardier, in doing so. And I don't think that's going to move the market in any significant way and/or affect the future of Boeing in any significant way. So anyway, that's probably it in a nutshell.

I don't have a retirement number on the tip of my tongue. Suffice to say, there are going to -- the retirements are going to accelerate, in my view, considerably. And airplanes are going to get put down permanently at a faster rate. That's the most important part of this, that they down -- they get put down permanently, not that they just get parked. And so I do think that actually is going to play to our favor. I love where our product line is. I think it's fundamentally advantaged. Unfortunately, just this international route structure, I just think, is going to take longer to recover. And as a result, we'll suffer with respect to ramp. But I do feel very good about it. And I do think retirements are going to fuel a fair amount of our demand.

Greg, do you want to take that one? Or you want me to?

This is with respect to our defense business, and I'll start with it. You are, in fact, correct. I -- 2019, where we did have some balance, the defense business was 45%. This year, of course, the defense business will probably be bigger than the commercial business. And that will probably hold for a little while, of course, with these new rates and deliveries. So that's an important part of our company that I'm not sure a lot of people reflect. 
The risk elements associated with our defense portfolio, now, I'm going to knock on wood while I say it, but I believe we've derisked much of our portfolio largely as a result of the significant issues we've had on tanker and, of course, the continuous write-offs that we've had to experience. I do believe that, that program now is exactly where it needs to be. We're going to finish well. Importantly, our customer's going to feel like we have finished well, and we've delivered a product that is second to none. So I do believe that even the tanker future is significantly brighter than the one we've experienced up until now. And then our fighter aircraft, we will continue to supplement or attempt to supplement our order stream and production build. And largely, with the help of a defense department whose posture is to want to do those kinds of things, particularly in this moment in time. So again, feel good about that. 
And on the development front, our development programs at the early stages are all looking quite good. We're not -- we're really not off-plan on anything. And usually by now, we have a sniff that we might be. So again, I feel pretty good about the risk profile of our defense business despite the difficulties that we've attempted to overcome in just the last couple of years. 
Greg, I'm not sure if you want to add anything to that?