Thank you, Maurita, and good morning. Let me begin today with a brief overview of our first quarter operating performance, followed by an update on the business environment and our expectations going forward. After that, Greg will walk you through the details of our financial results and outlook. 
Now let's move to Slide 2. Thanks to the dedicated efforts of employees throughout our company, Boeing delivered strong first quarter 2018 financial results that included higher revenue, earnings and operating cash flow, driven by solid execution on production programs and services. During the quarter, we generated $3.1 billion of operating cash and repurchased $3 billion of Boeing stock. We also paid $1 billion in dividends, reflecting a 20% increase in dividends per share from last year. We continue to deliver on our commitment to returning cash to shareholders while investing in our people, innovation and future growth. 
Revenue in the first quarter was $23.4 billion on higher volume of commercial deliveries and mix, along with services and defense contract volume. Core earnings per share of $3.64 was driven by strong performance across the businesses, volume and mix and lower tax rate. Based on our strong first quarter 2018 performance, we are raising full year guidance for operating cash flow, earnings per share and Commercial Airplanes operating margins. Greg will discuss these in more detail shortly. 
Now let's look at the first quarter operating performance for our businesses. For the quarter, Commercial Airplanes generated revenue of $13.7 billion, reflecting 184 deliveries with operating margins of 11.0%. Continued healthy sales activity contributed to 221 net new airplane orders worth $18 billion during the quarter, adding to our robust backlog, which stands at more than 5,800 airplanes and is worth $415 billion. Key commercial milestones in the quarter included the delivery of the first 787-10 Dreamliner to Singapore Airlines and the first 737 MAX 9 to Lion Air Group. We achieved first flight of the 737 MAX 7, completed firm configuration on the 737 MAX 10 and hit the 10,000 production milestone for the 737 program. The smooth introduction of the 737 MAX into our production and delivery stream continued, with 36 737 MAXes delivered in the quarter. 
On the 767 program. After carefully assessing market conditions and customer demand, we plan to increase the rate of production from 2.5 to 3 per month beginning in 2020. Today, 767 freighters are the best they've ever been, and the demand for the 767 continues to grow from both freight and military customers around the world.
In the quarter, we started building the first 777X fuselage for structural testing, and this exciting development program remains on track. Additionally, our partner, GE, achieved the first flight test of the GE9X engine. 
Now over to Defense, Space & Security. BDS reported first quarter revenue of $5.8 billion, reflecting international fighters and weapons volume and the final C-17 sale, with operating margins of 11.3%. The $12 billion of new orders booked by BDS during the quarter demonstrates the value we bring to our customers across our Defense, Space & Security portfolio. These orders included the Missile Defense Agency's sole-source contract extension to Boeing for the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense program, an initial contract for 28 F-18 Super Hornets for Kuwait, a contract for the final C-17 for India and a Joint Direct Attack Munition kits contract for the U.S. Air Force. 
Key milestones for BDS included the second Commercial Crew spacecraft achieving power-on and delivery of the Space Launch System's inter-tank hardware to NASA for testing and integration. In the quarter, the KC-46 Tanker program achieved a successful refueling flight between 2 KC-46 Tankers, which completed the required supplemental-type certificate fuel on-load testing. Additionally, earlier this month, we completed all planned supplemental-type certificate flight tests for the Tanker program, a very significant milestone that we've been aiming towards since we took first flight 3 years ago. We're making steady progress closing out technical risks on the path to final certification and to delivering the first 18 Tankers this year. We remain confident in the long-term value of this franchise. 
Turning to Global Services. BGS reported revenue of $3.9 billion with operating margins of 16.3%, reflecting higher commercial volume along with product and services mix. During the quarter, BGS won new business totaling approximately $5 billion that demonstrates the value that we bring to our broad range of commercial and government customers. These included an F-15 Saudi support contract award, a follow-on contract to support the Royal Canadian Air Force's Chinook fleet and a landing gear exchange contract for Aeromexico. These orders highlight the strength of our One Boeing offerings. Also in the quarter, BGS completed flight testing for the 737 Boeing Converted Freighter program and signed a new distribution agreement with GE for T700 engines. 
In summary, we delivered another quarter of strong operating performance, captured noteworthy additions to our large and diverse backlog and returned significant cash to shareholders. 
With that, let's turn to the business environment on Slide 3. We continue to see healthy global demand in our commercial, defense, space and services markets. These markets are growing and sizable at $7.6 trillion over the next 10 years. In the commercial airplanes market, airlines continue to report robust profits and strong passenger traffic, outpacing global GDP. Passenger traffic in 2018 grew nearly 6% through February. 
Meanwhile, cargo traffic maintained its strong momentum, growing by 7.7% in 2018 through February as we see trade and industrial production growing in all regions. Our global customers continue to recognize the compelling value proposition that our new, more fuel-efficient product family brings to the market, as reflected in the healthy new order intake we've seen year-to-date. We continue to see the trend of diverse and balanced demand from a geographical perspective as well as across the spectrum of airline business models. There also is more balanced demand between fleet growth and replacement of older aircraft, and we are seeing more consistent and stable customer purchasing patterns. We believe the evolution in key market dynamics in the aggregate are driving greater stability and far less cyclicality for our industry. 
Over the long term, we remain highly confident in our commercial market outlook, which forecasts demand for approximately 41,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years, comprised of more than 29,500 aircraft in the narrowbody market and approximately 9,100 aircraft in the widebody market. This long-term demand, combined with healthy market conditions and a robust backlog, provides a solid foundation for our planned production rates. 
Turning to our product segments, starting with the narrowbody. Our planned production rate for the 737, going to 52 per month this year and 57 in 2019, is based on our backlog of more than 4,600 aircraft and a production skyline that is sold out into early next decade. We continue to assess the upward market pressure on the 737 production rate. 
In the widebody segment, we have seen steady orders for the 787 and 777 airplanes and have high confidence in a meaningful increase in widebody replacement demand early next decade. For the current-generation 777, we received 5 net new orders in the quarter, bringing the backlog to 90 aircraft. We continue to make progress on the 777 bridge, as highlighted by these orders and the recent letter of intent from Qatar Airways for 5 777 freighters. As we transition production to the 777X, we expect 777 deliveries of approximately 3.5 per month in 2018 and 2019, as previously announced. While we still have more work to do to fill the remaining 777 production slots, based on our progress on maturing commitments into firm orders, managing the skyline and working new campaigns, we continue to believe the rate plan we put in place establishes a floor for the program and supports our production bridge from the current 777 to the 777X. As we look forward to the 777X, we have a strong foundation of 340 orders and commitments that support our plan for ramping up production and delivery of this new aircraft. 
We also captured 24 orders for the 787 Dreamliner family in the quarter, a solid platform for long-term production. With more than 630 firm orders in our backlog, our plan to increase Dreamliner production to 14 airplanes a month in 2019 is well supported. We continue to see repeat orders for the 787 Dreamliner, as demonstrated by the order from American Airlines earlier this month for an additional 47 787s. And the recent Hawaiian Airlines' decision to select the 787 as its flagship airplane for medium to long-haul flights highlights the strong market preference for the 787 and its superior value. 
Turning to our 747 and 767 programs. With our unmatched freighter product lines, we are well positioned to capture the increased cargo demand. During the quarter, UPS ordered 18 incremental freighters, including 14 747-8s and 4 767s. We remain focused on our long-term strategy to capitalize on the strength of the aerospace industry fundamentals. It is important to have this in perspective as we navigate through global trade discussions. 
Boeing is a global company, with operations around the world supporting commercial and government customers in more than 150 countries. We are continually working in a range of geopolitical and business environments. We maintain strong relationships with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders around the world and continuing our own efforts to proactively engage the different governments. A strong and vibrant aerospace industry is important to global economic prosperity. 
Turning to Defense, Space & Security. We continue to see solid demand for our major platforms and programs. The final appropriation bill for fiscal year 2018 U.S. federal budget funds our key programs across our fixed wing, rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft and also missile, space and satellite products. With our portfolio of reliable, proven and affordable products, we continue to see strong support for our key products in the fiscal year 2019 President's budget. The highlights include increased funding for the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense program and various programs in our weapons portfolio. Additionally, there continues to be support for increased procurement of the F-18 Super Hornet across the future year's defense plan. 
International demand for our defense and space offerings remains high as well, in particular, for rotorcraft, commercial derivatives, fighters and satellites. As I mentioned earlier, we received an initial contract for 28 F-18 Super Hornets to Kuwait and a contract for the final C-17 to India. And we're making progress towards completing other previously announced international sales, including additional Chinook helicopters for Spain and Saudi Arabia. Our investment in future growth and new sales continues in areas that are priorities for our customers, such as commercial derivatives, rotorcraft, satellites, services, human space exploration and autonomous systems. Much of that investment supports the priority we have placed on capturing future franchise programs, where we're leveraging capabilities and technologies from across the enterprise for the T-X trainer, Ground Based Strategic Deterrent, unmanned carrier-based MQ-25A and JSTARS Recapitalization, along with several other important opportunities. 
Turning to the services sector. We see the $2.6 trillion services market over the next 10 years as a significant growth opportunity for our company. In this market, both our commercial and defense customers remain focused on improving aircraft readiness and availability while driving improved operational efficiencies. BGS provides agile, cost-competitive services to our customers worldwide. We aim to grow faster than the average services market growth of 3.5% as we further expand our broad portfolio of services offerings and continue to gain market share. Strong orders of $5 billion in the quarter, along with other agreements announced earlier this year, demonstrate the progress we are making in this key area. They reflect our customers' recognition of our value proposition in helping them optimize the performance of their fleets and reduce operational costs through the life cycle. These activities stretch across BGS's 4 capability areas, including parts; engineering, modifications and maintenance; digital aviation and analytics; and training and professional services. 
Earlier this month, we announced a number of new products and services across the BGS portfolio, including tools powered by Boeing Analytics such as Self-Service Analytics and the Service Bulletin Value Tool. We also added new features to Aviator, an all-in-one app that provides centralized access to a seamless integrated suite of tools. These new service capabilities are driving life cycle innovation in the form of faster flow times, lower operational costs and enhanced end-to-end reliability. As these tools are introduced to fleets, aircraft will become more efficient and less expensive to operate. 
Our focus remains on optimizing the businesses and expanding our portfolio offerings through organic growth investments such as vertical capabilities, complemented by strategic acquisitions to position BGS for sustained, long-term and profitable growth. Our services expertise, the global reach of our business and our strong customer partnerships have us well positioned to compete and win in this important sector. 
Highlighting again the value we bring as One Boeing is the recently announced memorandum of agreement for a joint venture between Boeing and Saudi Arabian Military Industries to provide sustainment services for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia fleet of fixed and rotary wing military aircraft, demonstrating the strength of our comprehensive defense platform and services offerings. 
In summary, with growing markets and opportunities ahead, our team remains intensely focused on growth, innovation and accelerated productivity improvements that fuel our investments in the future. 
With that, Greg, over to you for our financial results.

Thank you, Greg. With a strong first quarter on which to build continued momentum for the year, our team remains focused on further driving both growth and productivity. We would not have been able to achieve these strong results without the hard work and dedication of our employees and the great partnership with our customers and suppliers. In addition to the strong commercial airplane market dynamics I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we've taken our own actions to reduce cyclicality in our business. This includes remaining disciplined in our production rate decisions; derisking our pension liabilities; strategically phasing our research and development spending; creating labor stability with long-term contracts; and expanding our services business, which is also less cyclical. We have executed on our long-term strategy of robust and continuing organic growth investment and returning value to shareholders, complemented by strategic acquisitions that enhance and accelerate our growth plans. 
As the world's largest commercial airplane maker, our nation's second-largest defense contractor, a global leader in spaceflight and a growing force in life cycle services, we are as optimistic about our future and the future of our industry as we have ever been. Being a global company, we are continually working in a range of geopolitical and business environments. We maintain strong relationships with our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders around the world, and we will continue to engage in our own efforts to proactively work with different governments. Our priorities going forward are to leverage our unique One Boeing advantages, continue building strength on strength to deliver and improve on our commitments and to stretch beyond those plans and sharpen and accelerate our pace of progress on key enterprise growth and productivity efforts. Achieving these objectives will require a clear and consistent focus on the profitable ramp-up in commercial airplane production, continuing to strengthen our defense and space business, growing our integrated services business and leveraging the power of our 3-business-unit strategy, delivering on our development programs, driving world-class levels of productivity and performance throughout the enterprise to fund our investments in innovation and growth, disciplined leading-edge investments and balanced value-creating cash deployment and continuing to develop and maintain the best team and talent in the industry, all of which position Boeing for continued market leadership, sustained top and bottom line growth and increasing value for our customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. 
With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.

Doug, let me take a cut at that, and then, Greg, feel free to add anything in.

First of all, on the MAX, again, we're feeling very bullish about that program. The MAX introduction has gone well. The customer intros, operationally, have been effective. The airplane is performing well in the field. Reliability for the fleet in the field is very high, so we're pleased with the performance of the program. On the production system side, feathering that into the main line of the 737 factory overall has gone well. We're continuing to hit all of our customer delivery commitments. You notice that we delivered 36 MAXes in the first quarter. We expect about 40% to 45% of our 737 deliveries this year will be MAXes. That's right on plan. Now to your point, we're continuously keeping a very close eye on our supply chain. And while there's been some challenges in the LEAP engines, there's been some noted challenges in fuselages with Spirit, those are all issues that we're on top of. We're working very closely with our partners. They are responding well, and we're continuing to meet all of our customer delivery commitments. And we're going to keep a close eye on that. We're ever vigilant on our supply chain. We know there will be pressure points as we ramp up, but we're confident that we'll continue to ramp up and hit our delivery marks. On the 777X, I just had a chance again to visit the team last week, and we're marching through the development program. We're now building the first static airplane. We're going to be building -- or we're underway on production on the first flight test airplane as well, so you see real hardware coming together in the factory. The associated production system transformation for the 777X is being implemented. That includes some of the automation that we're building into the core 777 line to derisk it for 777X, and we're marching right through the factory step-up as we implement 777X. We're going to be building those airplanes, getting into the flight test program, and the program remains on track for 2020 delivery. Now again, anytime we've got a big development program, Doug, as you point out, it's one that we keep a very close eye on. So daily, the team is working 777X with great focus, great intensity, but the development program remains on track. And the R&D profile that we committed to, the spend profile, remains on track, getting to your point on cash management. So we're confident but, again, ever vigilant on our development program. Now Greg, you've got anything you want to add?

I think, Doug, the key waypoints will be -- once the first static airplane is fully assembled and we get into test of that airplane, getting into the flight test program on schedule as we get into next year will be important. So that will be a key milestone for us. And that's the point at which we hand off the airplane, if you will, from the ground laboratories, the simulation facilities, where we've wrung out the risk, and we get into the flight test program and then just executing on the flight test program. So those waypoints will be visible as we head into next year and then, of course, getting the first delivery in 2020.

Rob, on your first question, we're very pleased with the progress we're making on the 787 production line overall, and commonality between variants in the production system is a key part of that productivity plan. As you well know, we have very high commonality between the -9 and -10, which is borne out in the early production costs in the 787-10. And so we're pleased with that progress. And then as you noted, on the 787-8, there have been some opportunities to drive additional commonality, in particular, in the aft body between the -8 and -9, and that is showing up as full-time reductions in the factory, additional efficiency and cost reductions. And you're right. That is giving us some additional life and strength in the 787-8 variant. That said, going forward, we still see more of the future mix being -9s and -10s but fundamental strength in the -8 as well. And we're going to continue to look for opportunities for production system commonality between the variants. To your second question on NMA, we continue to make progress on our studies there. Again, we have not made a launch decision at this point, but we're having very good discussions with our customers, continuing to hone details of not only the airplane but, perhaps, even more importantly, the associated production system, taking a hard look at the business case. Timing of that decision is still to be determined as we work our way through the details. We have time to do our homework and do it well, but I will say we're making progress and clearly advancing our analysis. We still see that airplane, if we decide to launch, as a 2025 time frame airplane in terms of entry into service, so we have time to do our homework. And the R&D profile for that airplane, if we proceed, would feather in very nicely on the backside of 777X. So from an overall cash deployment, cash management standpoint, we feel confident as well. So we're going to complete our homework and continue to stay very close to our customers and make sure we're meeting their future needs.

We're not going to pin that down too tightly, Rob, because, really, this is about having the business case discipline and making sure we have crystal clarity on the future production system, which is part of our broader enterprise transformation. But this is something that we'll be getting to over the next year, if you want to put a rough bounding on it. Again, the idea is an airplane that will enter into service in the 2025 time frame. So if you back off from that time frame with our standard milestones, you'd be looking at a decision in that time frame. But to me, this is not one where we're going to be making a decision just based on a schedule that we have to meet. This is about having a disciplined business case, a future production system and making sure that we're meeting our customers' future needs. This is really about providing value to our customers.

You bet. Yes, Sam, as you might guess, this is something we're keeping a very close eye on. This is daily actions and daily vigilance on this topic. We're engaged with governments around the world. Obviously, one of the hot topics right now is the U.S.-China trade relationship. We know aerospace is very important to both countries. And while some initial statements have been made about potential tariffs, none of those severe actions have been implemented. And we're, frankly, encouraged by the continuing dialogue, and we've heard from leadership in both countries that both are seeking to find negotiated positions that will be productive for both countries. The fact that the administration just announced a senior-level trip to China next week to have negotiations and continue the engaging dialogue, I think, is another positive indicator. So we're staying very engaged on that front. We know trade policy is very important. But this is not a surprise to us. We operate in a global environment. We have to deal with these kind of issues continuously, and we're going to stay very close to our customers and the governments as we proceed. But we're hopeful for a positive outcome from the discussions between the U.S. and China. More broadly, on some of the other matters you mentioned, material costs, titanium supply chain, aluminum and so on, again, we're not seeing anything there that's a material effect right now. We're very engaged with our suppliers, as you might guess. Over many years, we've been continuing to build alternative sources. And daily, we're testing our supply chain for any pressure points, and that is a continuous process and one  where we remain ever vigilant. And I think just the fact that you can see our production system continues to run well, we're continuing to meet our customer deliveries, it tells you that we're effectively managing that risk, and we're just going to stay very close to it. And the whole team is, on a daily basis, hourly basis, engaged with our supply chain.

No, Sam, we really don't see any changes there. Those actions that we took a few years ago, those were long-term actions, so we're still, frankly, benefiting from some of those actions. And that's allowed us to diversify our supply chain, maintain the right inventory levels, balance that around the world. And we're going to continue to actively manage that portfolio. Now Greg, do you have anything to add?

Yes, Ron, as you know, the freight cargo market had been down for a couple of years. We saw some restrengthening last year, and we see further strengthening year-to-date. So I think as I mentioned in my comments, we see freight traffic growth at 7.7% so far this year through February. That's another encouraging sign. We do see long-term strength in that market. We're seeing it grow across all regions around the world. We're seeing general increases in trade levels and transport levels. E-commerce, the growth of e-commerce is also fueling some of that. So we see this as a longer-term growth trend. That's part of what's factored into our decision to increase the 767 production rate from 2.5 to 3 per month in 2020. But as you noticed, we're also seeing increased orders for 777X, 777 freighters, including the letter of intent from Qatar just this past quarter as well as 2 additional birds for ANA. Now we're seeing strength in those larger freighters. And the UPS order on 747s, I think, is another good indicator. So again, we're going to be maintaining a very balanced approach on our production -- delivery schedules and our production rates, but the fundamental strength in the freighter market is encouraging. And I would say our product lineup to support that demand is a really good lineup. So we're pleased with the fact we've got a portfolio with different airplane scales that can satisfy that growing need.

I don't know that I see that as an indicator that would ripple into passengers. Those 2 marketplaces have some common catalysts. I'd say world GDP growth, trade growth is something that can support passenger growth. But in many cases, we've seen passenger growth be somewhat independent of GDP growth based more on just the fact that we see a rising population of travelers that are entering the market for the first time. So while an increased freighter market, I'll say, can be helpful to the passenger market, we see the passenger market growth being independently strong based on other factors. And that's why we continue to see sustained passenger growth of almost 6% so far this year, and that is a long-term trend. And we're seeing more and more new city pairs being connected. We're seeing global network traffic grow. We're seeing 100 million new passengers per year in Asia alone, and by our estimates, less than 20% of the world's population has even taken a single flight in their life. So you can see that passenger growth has a lot of headroom beyond what might be driven by cargo growth.

Cai, just to reinforce Greg's last point there, that fundamental productivity machine, that's a relentless effort that we have the whole enterprise just focused on and the longer-term goal we set to drive our business to mid-teen margins. And what you see in this quarter is another step of progress towards that longer-term goal, and we expect to make sustained progress on margin expansion across all of our businesses.

To your question, we've been engaged in China for a long time, as you point out. The new delivery and finishing center that we're building in Zhoushan is underway. So site preparation has been initiated. Construction is underway. We're still driving towards a goal of beginning to have operational capability towards the end of this year. We're working very closely with our Chinese partners to drive that to closure. So we're in stride. We're on track to open that capability, and it will be something in the near term.

Tim, we're continuing to manage our overall 777 production skyline very effectively and understand the risks and implications around the Iranian aircraft deal. First and foremost, it's important, again, to restate that we continue to follow the U.S. government's lead here. And everything is being done per that process. We have no Iranian deliveries that are scheduled or part of the skyline this year, so those have been deferred, again, in line with the U.S. government process. And I can tell you with confidence that we've continued to build risk mitigation into our 777 production plan. The plan that we outlined for you, the production rate that we've put in place, is not dependent on the Iranian orders. If those orders do come to fruition, if we do ultimately deliver airplanes, those represent opportunities for us. Again, we're going to follow the U.S. government's lead. And we've ensured that from a skyline management standpoint and from a production system standpoint, we are not dependent on those aircraft. And the good news is that the fundamental strength of the 777 product line and the increased sales volume that we're seeing in the marketplace, both for 777-300ERs and for the 777 freighters, has only bolstered our confidence in that line. And while we still have some work to do to fill out the remainder of the 777 bridge, we're steadily marching through that, and we think we're well positioned. So as I said earlier, the production system delivery plan, the skyline, the delivery rate that we've already announced, we think, represents a solid position for that program, and we're on track to bridge to the 777X.

Jacqueline, thanks for the question there. We continue to see the space segment and human spaceflight, in particular, as one of our key investment areas going forward. We're encouraged by the administration's support and strong leadership on that topic. That includes funding for NASA programs, among those, the Commercial Crew program, where we're marching through the milestones on our CST-100 Starliner, as well as support for the Space Launch System program and deep space exploration. We do think strong and continued funding of those NASA programs is really important to our country, and that sustained funding and support that we're seeing from the administration is very encouraging. I also think the re-institution of the National Space Council under Vice President Pence's leadership and guidance, along with President Trump, has been a very important step. We're encouraged by that as well. And we're continuing to invest in that area. We do see it as an important business segment for our future. And Boeing, as we had a leadership role in human space exploration since it was invented, and we continue to expect to lead in that field.

Yes, Marcus, thanks for your question there. I'd say first of all, from a macro standpoint, again, we're encouraged by the strength of the U.S. defense budget. And I think after several years of having to endure the damage of sequestration and a challenging defense budget, we're now seeing reemerging strength of that budget supported by both parties. And we're encouraged by the future year plans that we've seen, and that is something that has bolstered our expectations for our defense business going forward. Now in particular, the St. Louis, the support for individual programs there has been strong, both domestically and internationally. Our weapons business, which is based there, has been strong, and we're continuing to see growth there in a number of programs in our fighter business, and that includes F-15 international sales as well as upgrades to the F-15 fleet domestically. And perhaps, most encouragingly is the progress we're seeing on the F-18 Super Hornet line, and I think it's a testament to the quality of the product. You can hear our customers are very supportive of the U.S. Navy, and what that airplane is doing for them every day in the fleet is important. And we have a great program that's producing capability that our customers need, and we're looking forward to continuing to grow that program going forward. As you noted, a couple of years ago, we had some questions about that production line. We can now see both the F-18 and the F-15 production lines extending far into next decade. And one good example of that is in the 5-year future defense plan. We see a Navy request now for 110 new Super Hornets as well as the service life extension program for the existing Super Hornet fleet. So we're bullish about the fighter lines for the future.