Thank you, Maurita, and good morning. This month marks the 1 year anniversary of the Lion Air Flight 610 accident. It's been roughly 7 months since the Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 accident. Not a day goes by where my team and I don't think about these accidents. They weigh heavily on us, and we will never forget the lives lost aboard those flights. We are sorry, and we continue to extend the deepest sympathies to the families and loved ones. These accidents affect all of us personally and reinforce the importance of the work we do. We know lives depend on it, and nothing is more important to us than the safety of all those who fly on our airplanes.
Let me walk you through the latest developments regarding the 737 MAX on the next slide. Our priority remains supporting the safe return to service of the MAX and assisting our airline customers and operators through this difficult time. We are working daily with the FAA and global regulators on the process they have laid out for certifying the 737 MAX software and training updates and ungrounding the global fleet. Again, I want to express our regret for the difficulties that the release of an instant message document on Friday has presented to the FAA and other regulators, and we understand entirely the scrutiny it's receiving. We are committed to working with the investigative authorities and the U.S. Congress as they continue their investigations.
We are focused on going forward. As we have shared, we completed the MCAS software update earlier this year, which addresses concerns found following the 2 MAX accidents and provides 3 additional layers of protection to prevent accident like these from ever happening again. To date, we have conducted more than 800 tests and production flights, totaling more than 1,500 hours with the updated software, which incorporates feedback from across global regulators and MAX operators. We are making steady progress on the second software update announced in June for additional flight control computer redundancy to eliminate the possibility of even extremely unlikely risks that are unrelated to the accidents. In the upcoming days, Boeing will complete additional testing of this software update and conduct multiple simulator evaluations and reviews, leading up to a certification flight with the FAA onboard. Just last week, the company successfully conducted a dry run of the certification flight test. We're making daily progress on these important certification steps.
We have brought the very best of Boeing to this effort, dedicating all resources necessary to ensure that the improvements to the 737 MAX are comprehensive and thoroughly tested. That includes spending over 100,000 engineering and test hours on their development.
Looking forward, we target regulatory approval for the 737 MAX return to service to begin this quarter. As we've said before, however, it's the FAA and other regulatory authorities who will ultimately determine the timing and conditions of return to service in each relevant jurisdiction. This may include a phased approach and timing may vary by jurisdiction. During this process, we have been working closely with the FAA and other regulators. We'll provide the documentation, have flight simulators and help them understand our logic and the design for the new software. All of their questions are being answered. The process is dynamic and involves constant dialogue with government agencies that will continue in the days and weeks ahead.
In preparation for the safe return of the 737 MAX to service, we have worked to build the trust and confidence of our customers and regulators. We have partnered with customers and pilots from around the world as we've developed our solutions. We have welcomed and encouraged their questions and giving them opportunities to test those solutions first hand in our simulators. We have hosted 545 participants for more than 140 customers and regulators around the globe to experience the software updates in our simulator sessions. We have also conducted 20 global conferences with more than 1,100 participants from more than 250 organizations to help operators and financiers prepare for return to service and provide them the opportunity to ask questions for our teams.
In addition, we're conducting weekly technical calls with our customers worldwide to deliver the highest quality support and fully prepare the fleet to safely return to service when the grounding is lifted. This involves an entry-into-service approach augmented with advanced analytics. This also includes the proposed comprehensive package of training and educational resources.
With our first and foremost priority, the safe return to the service of the MAX, we announced a change earlier this month that separates the Chairman and CEO roles to further enable me to center my attention on running the company as Boeing's President and CEO. Dave Calhoun, our Board's Independent Lead Director, is now serving as our Non-Executive Chairman. I'm fully supportive of this division of labor and look forward to continuing my close partnership with Dave who has a deep knowledge of the aerospace industry and has been a strong and independent leader on Boeing's Board since 2009. Together, we can be a force multiplier for this important work underway across the company and with our external stakeholders. This move is just the latest of several actions by our Board and senior company leaders to strengthen Boeing's governance and safety management processes, which I will discuss next.
Let's turn to Slide 3. As part of our long-standing commitment to safety, last month, I announced several actions we're taking to continuously improve. The actions followed recommendations from our Boeing Board of Directors that was a result of the 5-month Independent Board Committee review that I've requested of our policies and processes for the design and development of our airplanes. Members of the committee on airplane policies and processes rigorously explored this aspect of our business and made several recommendations focused on further improving safety throughout the company and the broader aerospace ecosystem. My team and I fully embraced our Board's recommendations and took immediate steps to implement them across the company. With the committee's input, we established a new product and services safety organization that will review all aspects of product safety and maintain oversight of our accident investigation team and the company's safety review boards. Additionally, we're strengthening and elevating our engineering function through a direct reporting line to Boeing's Chief Engineer who reports to me. We're also establishing a formal design requirements program, enhancing our continued operation safety program, partnering with our airline customers on flight deck designs that continue to anticipate the needs of future pilot populations, and we're expanding the reach of our Boeing safety promotion center.
These actions are on top of the steps our Board already has taken to reaffirm its commitment to and oversight of safety, including establishing a permanent aerospace safety committee and adding safety-related experience as one of the criteria for future directors.
In addition to implementing the Board's recommendations, we are committed to reaching even higher. We're concurrently expanding our efforts to strengthen the way we manage safety across Boeing and our supply chain, for example, by broadening the use of a comprehensive safety management system and safety review boards. We're already driving a company-wide approach to safety, quality and integrity that strengthens our vision and serves to reinforce and improve our operational performance.
Additionally, investments in enhanced flight simulation and computing capabilities have increased our company's ability to proactively test a wide range of scenarios resulting in improved product safety. Advanced research and development efforts in future flight decks are also underway, leveraging leading-edge work in human factors, science and design.
Safety is our continual focus. Looking to the future, we'll be exploring ways we can strengthen global aviation safety in partnership with stakeholders across the aerospace community. We also continue to invest in talent for the future.
At this defining moment, Boeing has taken expanded leadership role with a heightened focus on safety. We'll keep learning from these recent accidents, we'll stay true to our values and we will come through this together as a company and industry. As we keep safety at the forefront, we also remain focused on stability across our production systems and supply chain as well as mitigating impacts to our customers.
As I mentioned earlier, our best current estimate is return to service of the MAX that begins this quarter. Based upon this estimate and other factors, we expect to maintain our current production rate of 42 deliveries per month with a focus on supply chain and production systems stability. This will be followed by incremental rate increases that would bring our production rate to 57 by late 2020. After return to service, we expect the 737 MAX airplanes produced during the grounding and included within inventory will be delivered over several quarters with the majority of them delivering in the first year.
We will continue to assess our production plans as part of our scenario planning process. As mentioned before, the FAA and other regulatory authorities will ultimately determine the timing and conditions of return to service in each relevant jurisdiction. Should our estimate of the anticipated return to service change, we might need to consider possible further rate reductions or other options including a temporary shutdown of the MAX production line.
I want to reiterate my personal thanks to everyone who continues to be our partner in this journey. We are mindful these are challenging times for many, and we remain grateful for your support.
Now let me turn to an overview of our third quarter operating performance followed by an update on the business environment and our expectations going forward. After that, Greg will walk you through the details of our financial results and how we are maintaining financial discipline and prudently managing our liquidity as we work through the safe return to service of the MAX.
With that, let's move to Slide 4. During the quarter, we generated revenue of $20 billion and core earnings per share of $1.45, reflecting lower 737 deliveries, partially offset by higher defense and services volume. We recorded negative $2.4 billion of operating cash due to the 737 impact. We paid $1.2 billion of dividends in the quarter.
Now let's look at the third quarter operating performance for our businesses. Commercial Airplanes generated revenue of $8.2 billion, reflecting 62 deliveries. BCA ended the quarter with our backlog of nearly 5,500 airplanes worth $387 billion. As we discussed before, global trade tension is putting near-term pressure on our widebody production rates, especially the 787. I will discuss that in more detail later.
Now over to Defense, Space & Security. BDS reported third quarter revenue of $7 billion and booked $5 billion of new orders, demonstrating the continued value we bring to our customers across our Defense, Space & Security portfolio. Those orders included contracts for our fifth KC-46 Tanker production lot for the U.S. Air Force and 9 AH-64E Apaches for the U.S. Army. Key milestones for BDS included the MQ-25 unmanned aerial refueler first test flight. Also T-X trainer, now renamed the T-7A Red Hawk, performed its 100th test flight. Other accomplishments in the quarter included the first flight of the inaugural P-8A Poseidon for the U.K. Royal Air Force and final assembly of the Space Launch System core stage structure. Also noteworthy is the satellite launch services award received by our United Launch Alliance joint venture from the U.S. Air Force. 
Moving on to tanker. As mentioned, Boeing received a $2.6 billion contract for production lot 5 covering 15 KC-46 aircraft, spares and support equipment. We delivered 9 tankers to the U.S. Air Force in the quarter and 23 year-to-date. 
Turning to Global Services. BGS reported revenue of $4.7 billion, representing 14% growth year-on-year. BGS continues to win new business, highlighting the value we bring to our commercial and government customers and the strength of our One Boeing offerings. In the quarter, BGS booked contracts for commercial modification, component and training services as well as contracts with the U.S. Air Force for F-15 training to Qatar, A-10 Thunderbolt II re-winging and KC-46 Tanker lot 5 services. Also in the quarter, India-based carrier, SpiceXpress, took delivery of the first 737-800 Boeing-converted freighter to expand its air cargo operation. 
Progress continues towards our planned strategic partnership with Embraer. We're actively engaged with authorities and relevant jurisdictions and have obtained a number of regulatory approvals including clearance to close in the U.S. and Japan. The European Commission earlier this month opened a Phase 2 assessment in its review of the transaction. We remain convinced that both the Commercial Aviation and the KC-390 joint ventures will increase competition in the market and create value for our customers and the traveling public as well as drive innovation in products and services. We now expect the transaction to close in early 2020.
In summary, our priority continues to be the safe return to service of the 737 MAX, and we've continued to allocate additional resources and attention on this effort. At the same time, we are maintaining our focus on keeping the business strong and healthy while focusing on operational performance.
As we announced yesterday, we made several leadership changes that will further strengthen our company during a challenging time. Stan Deal has succeeded Kevin McAllister as President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Ted Colbert has succeeded Stan Deal as President and CEO of Boeing Global Services effective immediately. Stan brings extensive operational experience in commercial airplanes and trusted relationships with our airline customers and industry partners; and Ted brings to our Global Services business an enterprise approach to customers and strong digital business expertise, a key component of our long-term growth plans. We are also grateful to Kevin for his dedicated and tireless service to Boeing, our customers and our communities during a challenging time and for his commitment to support this transition.
With that, let's turn to the business environment on Slide 5. We continue to see healthy global demand for our offerings in Commercial, Defense, Space & Services. These are sizable sectors that are growing and backed by strong fundamentals with a combined market opportunity of $8.7 trillion over the next 10 years. In commercial aviation, while we have seen some moderation of traffic growth, global passenger volume continues to be resilient, building on ninth straight years of above-trend growth. Passenger traffic this year is growing at a solid 4.5% through August, again, outpacing global GDP and tracking with long-term growth rates.
Meanwhile, the air cargo sector is facing more headwinds as overall volumes have contracted year-to-date amid a challenging trade environment. That said, we continue to see steady utilization of the global freighter fleet while carriers are placing incremental orders to support their fleet replacement needs. Additionally, traffic data points to solid growth in air cargo intensive sectors such as pharma, technology and express shipments. Improvements in industrial production and global trade will be key to a rebound in air cargo in 2020. 
With an industry outlook for approximately 44,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years and an ecosystem of life cycle solutions needed to maintain and support it, we continue to see sustainable long-term growth in commercial aviation. This is powered by mature and emerging economies and growing middle class and continued innovations in business models and products. We believe the evolution in key market dynamics in aggregate continues to drive less cyclicality for our industry. These long-term demand fundamentals provide a solid foundation for our commercial business. We are well positioned in this market with a strong portfolio of airplanes, a large and diverse order backlog and a strong One Boeing team.
The narrowbody segment will command a larger share of new deliveries with expected demand for more than 32,000 single-aisle airplanes in the next 20 years. These new airplanes will continue to stimulate growth and provide required replacements for older, less-efficient airplanes. Our 737 program has a backlog of more than 4,400 aircraft.
In the widebody segment, we have seen solid order activity this year for our market-leading 787 and 777 families. In the quarter, Korean Air and Air New Zealand placed follow-on orders for the 787 to replace aging aircraft, reflecting the start of the widebody replacement cycle that we expect to accelerate early next decade. We see the need for more than 1,000 small to medium widebody aircraft to be replaced over the next decade.
In the near term, as we have shared, the U.S.-China trade situation has presented challenges for our widebody production plans, in particular for the 787 program. As part of our practice for a significant market such as China, we have forecasted orders from operators based on the country as part of our skyline assumptions. The lack of orders from China in the past couple of years has put pressure on the production rate. We are in the planning window on the rate decision due to the production lead times. Therefore, as part of our disciplined rate management process, we believe it is appropriate to make a production rate adjustment to balance the supply and demand. So beginning in late 2020, we plan to transition the 787 production rate from 14 per month to 12 per month for approximately 2 years. We will maintain this disciplined rate management process going forward, taking into account a host of risks and opportunities. We will continue to assess the demand environment and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. We'll also continue to monitor and inform the U.S.-China trade discussions. We value and maintain strong relationships with our customers and government stakeholders around the world, reinforcing the mutual economic benefits of a strong and prosperous aerospace industry. And we remain hopeful that airplanes will ultimately be part of the trade solution.
At our planned rates, our 787 backlog of nearly 530 orders provides a solid foundation and represents more than 3.5 years of production.
Moving to the 777 program. The current generation 777 continued its steady sales momentum with 14 new orders in the quarter. These provide further support for the 777 bridge. On 777X development, we continue to progress in our preflight testing, focusing on final systems, propulsion and airplane-level test. On the static airplane test results, our detailed analysis of the data is progressing well. What we've seen to date reinforces our prior assessment that this will not have a significant impact on the design or on the preparations for first flight. The GE9X engine remains the pacing item as we work towards first flight of the 777X. GE, our engine supplier, has made good progress to address the durability challenges. GE has installed retrofit components in the certification test engines, and testing has restarted. Once the engines become available, GE and Boeing will need to successfully complete additional testing before we are ready to fly. We still expect first flight to take place in early 2020. We continue to explore opportunities to improve the time line, such as leveraging our system integration labs and additional airplane ground testing, consistent with our commitment to safety. That said, as we further assess the impact to the GE9X engine and associated risk, we now expect first delivery of the 777-9 to be in early 2021.
The combined 777, 777X production rate is 5 per month. We continue to expect the 777 delivery rate to be approximately 3.5 aircraft per month in 2019. The delivery rate is expected to be at approximately 3 per month in 2020 as we mitigate some of the impact of the slide in 777X time line by producing more 777 current generation aircraft. We are focused on further bolstering the 777X skyline. The 777X orders and commitments of 364 aircraft provide a strong foundation that supports our plan for ramping up production and delivery of this new aircraft.
On the 767 program, we added 16 new orders in the quarter, including 15 for the KC-46 production lot 5. As previously announced, we plan to increase the 767 production rate from 2.5 to 3 per month in 2020.
In Defense, Space & Security, we continue to see solid demand for our major platforms and programs. Looking at the defense and space market for the next 10 years, we see $2.5 trillion of opportunities for our business, with 40% of that from outside the U.S. The BDS portfolio remains well positioned with proven world-class platforms to address current needs and innovative, capable and affordable new franchise programs to build the future. We continue to see broad support for our products from the Pentagon, NASA and Congress, including for procurement of Boeing F-15Ex and F-18 fighter jets, Apache and V-22 Osprey rotorcraft, JDAM weapons, satellite programs, the Space Launch System and key derivative programs like the KC-46 Tanker and the P-8. We also see robust support for our future franchise programs. We are maintaining a sharp focus on these future franchises.
The MQ-25 recently began test flights, and we are humbled to honor the legacy of the Tuskegee Airmen with the T-7A Red Hawk. We also remain absolutely dedicated to Commercial Crew and the Space Launch System, which will maintain our nation's position as the leading edge of space exploration.
Turning to the services sector. We see the $3.1 trillion services market over the next 10 years as a significant opportunity for our company. We continue to see growth with expanded service offerings across the supply chain portfolio and our global digital solutions. New business in the quarter reflects our superior products, both on and off platform, with new digital agreements signed with Air Canada for our manpower planning software and with IndiGo for ops control and tail assignment digital solutions.
In summary, with growing markets and opportunities ahead, our team remains committed to growth, innovation and accelerating productivity improvements to fuel our investments in the future.
So with that, Greg, over to you for our financial results.

All right. Thank you, Greg. These are challenging times, first and foremost, for the families and loved ones affected by these recent accidents. They will always be on our thoughts. This is also a defining moment for Boeing, and I can assure you that we have learned from this, and we'll continue learning. We have changed from this, and we will continue changing. And we're committed to coming through this challenging time better and stronger as a company. We'll stay true to our enduring values of safety, quality and integrity while driving operational excellence across the enterprise. We will never waver in our commitment, the importance of our work demands it. Nothing is more important to us than the safety of our customers and the flying public. The safe return to service of the 737 MAX is our company's top priority. I want to thank my Boeing teammates who are delivering on this priority and on our other commitments of executing on our key priorities, driving growth and operational excellence across the business in close partnership with our customers, suppliers and regulatory agencies while returning value to our shareholders. With the changes we're making to the MAX software and training, we're confident that the MAX will be one of the safest airplanes ever to fly.
The long-term fundamentals of our businesses remain strong and our key priorities are unchanged. Our One Boeing advantage has never been more clear, and we will leverage this unique strength to deliver and improve on our commitments to our customers and partners around the world.
With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.

Yes. Doug, good question. And as you know, we've been working this at a very detailed level, basically every hour, every day in close coordination with the FAA. And we are in the process of delivering those certification items, and that includes the final software, the training products, the system description documents. And that has been an iterative process. We did start that incremental process in September. The review cycles have taken a little longer than originally planned. But I think that's a good representation of the fact that we're diving deep into the documents, we're answering all the questions. And the FAA has taken the time to make sure we get it right. So I think that level of scrutiny is good.
We have -- now have the final software in our regression testing labs. As you heard from Administrator Dickson yesterday, the FAA has been involved in that final software delivery. You also heard from Administrator Dickson that we've now delivered the final system description document of the changes to the MAX. That's another important milestone. So there are tangible milestones being achieved, but we still have more work to do.
Last week, we did complete an initial dry run of the certification test flight. We anticipate doing a couple more dry run kind of flights. But to a next big milestone that you might look forward, Doug, to your question, when we get to the certification flight, that will be a key weigh point on the way to the airworthiness directive. And again, that final decision around the airworthiness directive to unground the fleet and bring the MAX back up, that will be the regulator's decision, that will be the FAA's decision. But we're going to lean forward and provide every piece of data we can. We're going to make sure the depth of analysis is complete. We're going to answer every single question. And I can tell you, we are making steady daily progress. We have a well-defined plan, and we're performing against that plan. And the preeminent focus here is on safety. We're going to take the time to get it right, make sure it's safe. And we'll continue to share the milestone progress as we go.

Yes. Peter, it's a good question. Obviously, not a decision that we take lightly. As Greg mentioned and as we've talked about before, production rate discipline is one of our key management principles, something that will drive stable, long-term growth. Our prospects for the long-term widebody market haven't changed. We still see that as positive. As I mentioned in my comments, we see a market for roughly 1,000 new small- to medium-sized widebodies over the next decade. So that replacement wave cycle early in the next decade that we've talked about previously, we still see that coming. But in the near term, our skyline has been dependent on orders from China. And now that we're within lead time on our production system and those orders from China have not materialized, we need to make a decision. And so that's what you see reflected here.
We think the decision to take the rate down to 12 for approximately 2 months is a good -- or excuse me, for 2 years is a good disciplined decision and fits with the market signals that we're seeing. We're going to continue to monitor the U.S.-China trade policy discussions and then we'll continue to make our plans going forward.
We have a very disciplined process for looking at the market, our supply chain health, all of the other parameters that might affect our customers' decision-making process. And the decision we're announcing today is something that's consistent with that disciplined approach.
So bottom line here is our long-term prospects have not changed, but we need to make prudent decisions here in the near term that match with the economic realities.

Greg, you want to take the second question first?

And Myles, to your first question, similar thing on the operating margin side. Our long-term objectives and targets have not changed. We're still driving towards a mid-teen margins business. We haven't altered our plans for that. But again, in the near term, our laser focus is on the safe return to service of the MAX. That is the most important thing we can do, and we're going to invest all of our resource and focus in making that happen. The fundamentals of the business, the investments we're making in digitizing our enterprise, lean principles in our factories, a lot of these production rate discipline and efficiency we're continuing to drive during this interim time period. While we have had to make production rate reductions on the 737 line for good reasons, we're also using this as an opportunity to continue to invest in the line and maturing some of our advanced manufacturing processes. And that will make for a healthier production system for the long run and keep us on track for those long-term targets. But in the near term, no question, our focus is on the safe return to service of the MAX. And I can tell you without any question, our preeminent focus every day going forward is on safety and quality.

Yes. Ron, first of all, let me be really clear on our priorities. Our priority is safe return to service for the MAX, and that's been clear to our team, clear to all of our suppliers, clear to all of our constituencies. And we've applied additional resources there. We put additional talent there. That is our focus.
Now with that in mind, we are continuing to drive forward with our efforts evaluating NMA. We still are not at a decision point nor are we ready to be at a decision point yet. We're continuing to mature the business case. We're continuing to invest in risk reduction around the production system of the future, and that continues to be a productive effort for us. So we'll continue to leverage those investments. And when we're ready to make a decision, we will.
So still a project of interest. We're still looking at a middle of the next decade entry-into-service time frame as we talk to our customers. And we'll make a good prudent decision when we're ready. But let there be no question, our focus is on safe return to service for MAX.

You bet. Cai, good question. Let me just walk you through that at the top level. And again, this is a very detailed plan that we've laid out with all of our teams and stakeholders and one that we're working together with the FAA and our regulators. In the near term, we're marching through the technical steps, if you will, and that includes finalizing the software. That will go into a series of simulation -- evaluations. There's a near-term milestone that we referred to as the line pilot evaluation that will take that final software and with external line pilots from airlines come in and evaluate the handling quality of the airplane.  We'll also have an external set of pilots coming in, again, authorized by the regulators that will conduct what we call a Joint Operation Evaluation Board. And that set of pilots will evaluate the training materials. 
So over the near term, those are 2 key milestones for us. One that evaluates the software, update to the airplane; and the second that evaluates the training products.
In that same time frame, as those 2 milestones are completed, we'll roll into the certification flight that I mentioned earlier. That will be another key milestone for us. And then after all of the assessments are completed, those evaluations are done, that will roll into the airworthiness directive decision that the FAA will make and that other regulators will make.
Subsequent to the issuance of the airworthiness directive and the ungrounding of the airplane, then we would move into the phase of ungrounding the aircraft and incrementally bringing up fleet operations for our airline customers. And the reference points that you're seeing out here from our customers are perfectly aligned with the detailed technical plan that I just walked you through. So they're very aware of that plan. And there is a time period between the airworthiness directive and when they can resume full operations, revenue-bearing operations. And that includes bringing each individual airplane up, making sure that each airplane is safe and ready to perform. We've been working, as we've been storing airplanes, to ensure the health of those vehicles, but we'll be working tail number by tail number with our customers to ensure they can bring the fleet up back successfully and then get back to full revenue-bearing operations. And that's why you see a bit of a time lag between the airworthiness directive and what our customers are now quoting as going operational dates.
So hopefully that gives you a feel for the time phasing of the plan. And ultimately, bringing all of those grounded airplanes back up and all of those stored airplanes back up, fleet operations will be a multi-quarter operation.

You bet, Rajeev. We've been having a good productive conversations with our customers around the world. We're engaged with them daily, keeping them abreast of the progress we're making on the safe return to service. We've seen continued strength in our backlog, stability in that backlog. Our customers still around the world see the value of the 737 MAX, and they know what it will ultimately bring to their operations. So that backlog of roughly 4,400 aircraft has remained solid and stable. We have had discussions with customers who, given time lines and fleet needs, may want to move skyline positions. In some cases, model differences or model trades are options. So as we think through customer compensation models, you should know we're having those discussions with our customers, there is some trade space around delivery profiles in skyline positions. But all of that within the context of what I think overall is a very stable backlog position, and we continue to see strong customer commitment around the globe.

Yes. Hunter, on that point, we're continuing to work through the certification and development process and -- with the FAA. The key is going to be any process updates that we might learn from the 737 MAX, any revisions to the certification time lines or procedures, we're thinking through that and any lessons learned that we might have, any applications we might want to make to the 777X. As I said, we're continuing to march towards our first flight early in the coming year, and then EIS now we're looking at first delivery early in 2021. And we'll be thinking through all the details of that certification plan with the regulators over the next many months. And again, if there are any updates to the plan or any of the requirements, we'll be sure to discuss those and factor those into the planning going forward.

Yes. Jon, once again, as we take a look at our development processes, we're always continuously learning and applying any lessons learned we might have from the previous programs. And certainly, through the process of the MAX development and flight testing and everything that we're proceeding with right now to get to safe return to service, anything we're learning from that process is factoring into all of our development programs going forward. We're taking a hard look at our safety review board processes, our certification processes. We're going to take a look at flight deck designs for the future. All of those things will factor into our future development programs.
But in terms of our priorities for capital allocation, those priorities haven't changed. As we've always said, our #1 use of cash is investment in organic growth, and that continues to be the case. We think that is the best use of our capital. It's the way that we build our future. And we haven't seen anything here that would turn us in a different direction, so we're going to continue to invest in organic growth for the future.

All right. Eric, on your first question regarding international regulators, we've been working hand in hand with the FAA on those interfaces throughout this entire process. The FAA has convened something that they call the certification management team, which includes Transport Canada, ANAC out of Brazil and EASA out of Europe. We've been engaged with the regulators in China and, frankly, several dozen regulators around the world. So this is all a highly coordinated process with the FAA's lead regulator role. We've taken some of the same deliverables that I mentioned earlier, things like the system description document, things like other certification deliverables and, with the FAA's approval, have shared those with the international regulators. Those are also undergoing review. So all of this work is being done concurrently. 
Now until the reviews are complete, we may have additional actions, additional questions from some of these international regulators. As I mentioned earlier, while the coordination is ongoing, it could well be that approvals will vary by jurisdiction. And again, the regulators will make that decision. Ultimately, it will be their time line. But we are and will continue to share the data consistently and transparently with all of the regulators. Our interest here is on the safe return to service of the MAX. That is our focus, and we're working that hand in hand with the FAA, and we'll continue to support the other regulators as well.
To your second question on our leadership changes, again, our focus here is on ensuring that we continue to field the strongest team we can. And these are decisions that we've made as a company that are aligned with our leadership plans, our plans to have a strong and growing company for the future. And these changes are aligned with that plan. Our focus is on safety and quality and performance and delivering operational excellence.

Yes. Julie, good question. And as I mentioned, we're continuing to engage with the constituencies in both the U.S. and China on the trade discussions. We've been continuing to inform those discussions. We continue to see benefit to both countries with a healthy aerospace ecosystem.
Here in the U.S., as you know, the aerospace industry is the largest exporter. We contribute about $80 billion of trade surplus per year to the U.S. economy. And we are a heavy manufacturing industry. We generate strong manufacturing jobs here in the U.S. China clearly needs the airlift capacity. Of those 44,000 new airplanes over the next 20 years that I've mentioned, about 7,700 of those are in China. And so there's mutual interest in both countries that we continue to see. I think the recent trade discussions have been productive, they're moving in a good direction. But given the time line and the fact that we don't have firm orders from China at this point, we're within production lead times, and so we have to make the decision on the 787 line, which is what you see reflected in our announcement today. We're going to continue to monitor and support the China trade discussions. Those are still very important for the future. But for purposes of our company, we have to be very disciplined in our production rate management, and we're going to continue to do that. And the decision that we're announcing today is consistent with that discipline.

Yes. David, we are preparing for those hearings. Of course, we've been supporting the document requests from the committees, both the Senate and House, and we're going to continue to do that. We welcome the discussion and the questions. I'm looking forward to participating in those hearings. I anticipate there will be tough questions, challenging questions, a lot of scrutiny. And frankly, we support the scrutiny on the work that we're doing. I think everybody here is aligned on the objective of a safe aviation system for our country. And I know that's the interest of the committees. That is clearly the interest of our company. And I look forward to participating in those hearings and talk about what we're doing, all again with a focus on safety. And that's our culture, that's what our company is about. And I hope to represent that, represent it well at the hearings next week.
And as I mentioned earlier, our sympathies continue to go out to the families and loved ones of those that have been affected by these accidents. That will never go away. And I anticipate that some of those families will be represented next week, and I hope to be able to express my sympathies to them as we're at the hearings.