Thank you, Maurita. Good morning, everyone. I hope you are all continuing to stay safe and healthy during this crazy global pandemic that we're all living through.  
Before getting started, I want to recognize all of the health care professionals, the public service, the frontline workers who are dedicated to keeping us safe and healthy day in and day out. On behalf of all of our Boeing associates, thank you.  
I also want to thank my Boeing teammates around the globe for everything they are doing to support each other, our business, our communities and our customers during these intensely challenging times.  
With that, let's turn to business, and Slide 2, please. The current challenges we have are of unprecedented proportion. I think we all know that. This is true for our company, true for our industry and our society at large. In times of uncertainty, it is important we focus first on our people, and that is where I'll start today. We're working hard to strengthen our culture, support our workforce and to help our communities. The racial equity and social justice movement reminds us that we must do more to confront racism head-on. I'm proud of our Boeing team's commitment to this and the progress we've made over the years. But I recognize, we recognize we have more work to do. We're raising the bar on our key measures of equity, diversity and inclusion, and over the next 4 years, we will double the $25 million we've invested in partnerships and organizations that support marginalized communities.  
Our commitments in this area will be an even more permanent and visible aspect of our engagement going forward.  
Turning to the COVID-19 pandemic. As cases rise in certain areas, we are focused on keeping our people and our communities safe. As you know, during March and April, we temporarily suspended some of our operations due to COVID-19. We resumed operations and brought our teams back to work only after implementing objectives and rigorous steps aligned with federal and state guidance to ensure the health and safety of our workforce.  
We are taking all responsible measures across our facilities, including requiring face coverings, enhancing facility, cleaning, adding visual indicators. We are modifying work areas and adjusting work patterns to allow for physical distancing, providing access to medical information around the clock, quarantining anyone potentially exposed to the virus and conducting contact tracing and much more. For all of our employees whose jobs can be done effectively from home, we continue to implement virtual working arrangements. We believe we've put effective processes in place that enable our facilities to be as safe or safer than their respective communities.  
Nevertheless, we will remain vigilant and follow the advice of our health care professionals and adhere to the government guidelines as we monitor the virus.  
As our employees focus on their own health, they are also stepping up to help their communities through the crisis. I couldn't be more proud of their efforts, and I'll highlight just a few of their contributions.  
To date, we've printed more than 40,000 face shields and completed 12 airlift missions, delivering 4 million units of personal protective equipment to health care workers in need. And combined with our gift-matching program, our employees have donated $1.5 million to support COVID-19 response efforts in their local communities.  
COVID has also dealt a heavy blow to the commercial aerospace sector and our business. Airlines have cut back operations dramatically. As they assess their business, they are making difficult decisions that result in grounding fleets, deferring airplane orders, postponing acceptance of completing orders and slowing down or stopping payments. They are also accelerating aircraft retirements, deferring elective maintenance and requiring fewer service.  
That is why we are working closely with our customers and suppliers to navigate through this uncertainty.  
We continue to monitor the commercial marketplace by staying very engaged with our customers around the globe to fully understand their short-term, medium-term and long-term requirements. We have and we will continue to work with our customers on specific timing and adjustments to their deliveries. We'll discuss this further in the business environment part of this discussion.  
As air travel resumes and restrictions ease around the globe, aircraft crew and passenger health and safety are always our top priority. Through our Confident Travel Initiative, Boeing is supporting our customers and working with industry stakeholders to support multiple layers of protection aimed at minimizing health risks for passengers and crew throughout the travel journey.  
Layered protection is a system-wide approach with customers, airports, regulatory authorities and industry associations, all having a role to play. First layer is having measures in place to prevent anyone with the virus from boarding the airplane. The second layer is assisting airlines on cleaning and disinfecting practices. The third layer is to minimize contaminants from spreading in the cabin itself through to the design of cabin airflow, the use of HEPA filters and encouraging passengers, if not requiring passengers to wear face coverings.  
In-cabin technology, enhanced cleanliness standards, airflow systems and other preventative measures are helping protect the health and safety of every person who steps on board Boeing airplanes. These have to be combined with personal responsibility of passengers and crews including wearing face mask and taking other precautions, which is a critical part of creating a safe travel experience.  
Another important aspect of bridging to recovery is ensuring the health of our supply chain. We're doing everything we can to support our global suppliers and their stability remains a key watch item for us in the aerospace and -- as our aerospace industry weathers these unprecedented challenges. We're monitoring our suppliers' status around the world to assess risks and to address any potential disruption. We've been continuing payments to our more than 12,000 suppliers supporting about 1.5 million jobs.  
As we discussed last quarter, given the severe nature of this virus and the shock to preserve the long-term competitiveness of our industry as well as our company, we're intensely focused on ensuring liquidity through the intermediate crisis. We've taken aggressive liquidity steps over the past few months, including raising $25 billion in the capital markets in May.  
While we've addressed the immediate liquidity issue, we still must continue taking action to improve our performance and transform our business for the future.  
In the second quarter, we completed the realignment of our engineering organization and the integration of our new Enterprise Operations, Finance & Strategy group. These moves are foundational steps in our effort to strengthen engineering to elevate the company's focus on safety and quality, improve operational, factory and supply chain performance and streamline our processes.  
And lastly, despite the challenges we face, we've not lost sight of our commitment and our need to deliver on our priorities, which have not changed. We're continuing to make steady progress towards the safe return of the 737 to service, working closely with the FAA and other global regulators.  
While we still have a lot of work in front of us, we're encouraged with the completion of the FAA certification flight test earlier this month and the FAA's announcement to move forward with the notice of proposed rulemaking to safely return the 737 to service. Both are important milestones in the certification process as we collectively focus on ensuring transparency at all stages.  
We're working now on completing the remaining key tasks, coordinating with and following the lead of our global regulators.  
As you would expect, the pandemic has required some changes to how we do things, including working remotely and virtual meetings with our regulators. For activities that cannot be completed remotely, we're making appropriate and safe arrangements to enable effective cross-border collaboration with the global regulators, but the overall environment presents real logistical challenges for the necessary international travel and the in-person meetings, which are required and that we are working through.  
Based on our latest assessment, we now expect the necessary regulatory approvals will be obtained in time to support resumption of deliveries during the fourth quarter. Of course, the actual timing will ultimately be determined by the global regulators.  
After an approximately 4-month suspension of production operations, in May, we resumed early stages of our 737 production line.  
During the suspension, we implemented more than a dozen initiatives focused on workplace safety, product quality, and they have strengthened the production system and helped optimize the build environment, allowing for more predictability and stability for future rate increases.  
In addition to the 737, we're focused on meeting our commitments to our commercial, defense and space customers. In fact, within defense, we delivered 44 aircraft in the quarter, completed the critical design review for the T-7A advanced trainer and achieved our first flight of both the F-15 Qatar Advanced and the F/A-18 Block III Super Hornet for the U.S. Navy.  
Now let's turn to the next slide to discuss the business environment for our industry. In our Defense, Space & Security, we continue to see a healthy market with solid demand for our major platforms and programs, both domestically and internationally. Our portfolio of programs and technologies remains well aligned to our customers' missions.  
We are also well positioned with proven world-class platforms to address current needs. And innovative, capable and affordable new franchise programs for the future. The $7 billion of orders that BDS booked in the quarter and some recent awards, including the historic contract for the F-15EX from the U.S. Air Force, combined with a contract extension from NASA to support the International Space Station, underscore the strength of our offerings. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable. The strength of government services provides a strong foundation for our overall services business. We see growth in a number of government services areas, including ramp-ups to support international customers with training, logistics and supply chain offerings as well as growth on key U.S. programs.  
Our government services, defense and space programs continues to provide critical stability for us as we move forward.  
On the commercial side, our industry and our company are weathering challenges like none we have ever experienced in our lifetimes. And many of those challenges are still unfolding. IATA projects passenger traffic will drop by more than half this year compared to 2019 as global economic activity slows down due to COVID, and governments severely restrict travel to contain the spread of the virus.  
After a sharp 94% drop in passenger traffic in April, we've seen tangible signs of recoveries in key markets such as China and Europe, with operations increasing into July.  
The U.S. has also improved from the April lowest point. However, the recent uptick in COVID cases has slowed its recovery. So while we were encouraged by the early signs of recovery, the past few weeks demonstrate the trajectory may be uneven.  
On the cargo side, the reduction of belly cargo capacity has led operators to utilize essentially all available freighters. Significant use of passenger aircraft as freighters continue. Though yields are starting to return to normal as more belly cargo capacity comes back online.  
We've also seen improvement in global fleet utilization. Around 65% of the fleet is now back in service, with hundreds of aircraft reactivated weekly. Utilization metrics are improving as airlines resume more of their network and schedules. June passenger operations reached approximately 30% of last year's level, with acceleration in July bringing them to nearly 50% at last year's level.  
Passenger load factor has improved from the April levels but remains low. In June, the load factor was 58% versus 84% a year ago.  
As I alluded to earlier, we're seeing different paces of recovery for different regions. In some countries, reopened their air travel improved along with it. This is the case in Europe, with many airlines resuming operations as borders open. The U.S. recovery has sustained weekly 20% traffic growth momentum until about the 4th of July. And since then, with rising cases in key leisure markets, we've seen signs of flattening or slight declines as the airlines have noted.  
Continued growth in cases and corresponding travel restrictions or quarantine policies may dampen the near-term recovery. The way forward will depend on the development with respect to the pandemic and the scope of government travel restrictions. We continue to see volatility on the recovery path ahead.  
Given the amount of uncertainty that is still in front of us, managing liquidity continues to be vital to our industry's ability to bridge to recovery and navigate the challenges.  
As we previously discussed, we continue to believe that the fundamentals that have driven air travel for the past 5 decades and doubled air traffic over the past 2 decades remain intact, and we believe this industry will, in fact, recover. But we currently estimate it will take around 3 years for travel to return to 2019 levels. And it will be a few years beyond that for the industry to return to long-term growth trends. The picture is obviously dynamic and subject to many unknowns. As we see it today, narrow-body airplanes will lead the way to recovery as airlines bring their networks back online, focusing first on domestic routes.  
Meanwhile, border closures and travel restrictions significantly dampened international travel demand, which in turn impacts the utilization of widebody passenger fleets in the near term.  
A key driver in both segments will be the rate of retirements of older fleets. We expect our customers to look at their fleet planning strategies differently in light of these dynamics. More than 2,500 aircraft with 20-plus years of service were in active service prior to the crisis. So far, we have tracked retirements of close to 1,000 of these aircraft across the global fleet.  
Replacements will not be uniform as airlines will focus on the oldest and least efficient airplanes to retire. Some airlines have already made announcements to this effect. Thousands of more fuel-efficient airplanes that we and our competitors have in backlog will make future flying even more environmentally sustainable and help us reach our industry's emission reduction targets. Airplanes that we plan to deliver this year will be 25% to 40% more fuel efficient than the airplanes they're replacing.  
The urgency and value of fleet versatility is accelerated by this crisis. And our position is helped by the value proposition of our family of airplanes and the diversity of our backlog. This includes our market-leading 787, our unmatched cargo lineup; the world's largest and most efficient twin-engine jet, the 777X; and of the course, the versatile 737 family.  
On the services side, we are seeing a direct impact on our commercial supply chain business as fewer flights result in a decreased demand for our parts and logistics offerings. Our commercial customers are curtailing discretionary spend such as modifications and upgrades and focusing on required maintenance only. We anticipate accelerated retirement of older aircraft, which will result in a newer fleet when air travel resumes to previous levels. This will prolong the period of decreased demand for our commercial services offerings.  
Similar to commercial airplanes, we expect a multiyear recovery period for the commercial services business. You'll see the significant impact of COVID is reflected in our commercial services financial results this quarter, which Greg will go through a little bit later.  
We closely monitor the commercial marketplace by staying very engaged with our customers all around the world to fully understand short and long-term requirements. We regularly incorporate additional insight to inform current and future production rates. Based on our latest assessment, we have decided to refine our commercial airplane production rates to better calibrate near to medium-term supply and demand balance.  
Let's turn to Slide 4. In the narrowbody segment, we expect to continue to produce the 737 at low rates for the remainder of 2020 and gradually increase the rate to 31 by the beginning of 2022, with further gradual increases that correspond with market demand. The production ramp profile is also affected by the pace of delivery of our stored aircraft. We have moderated the production rate ramp-up from our prior assumption to reflect commercial airline industry uncertainty due to the impact of COVID.  
We continue to see our 737 family of airplanes creating capacity for growth and providing required replacements for older, less efficient airplanes. We have and will continue to work closely with our customers to review their fleet plans and make adjustments where appropriate to adapt to lower-than-planned 737 production in the near term, provide more flexibility to deliver our backlog and protect the value of the 737 family.  
Moving to the widebody segment. We previously planned to reduce the 787 production rate to 10 per month in 2020 and gradually reduce to 7 per month by 2022. In light of the ongoing challenges presented by the pandemic and the impact on our airline customers, we now plan to reduce the 787 production rate from the current 10 per month to 6 per month in 2021 to further de-risk our skyline, taking into account the financial condition of our customers and the geopolitical environment.  
Given the lower growth -- the lower rate profile, we will prudently evaluate the most efficient way to produce the 787 to include the studying the feasibility of consolidating our 787 production into one location. We will continue to evaluate the rate beyond 2021 to balance supply and demand. Our 787 family has a compelling value proposition, offering unparalleled fuel efficiency and range flexibility, enabling carriers to optimize fleet and network performance as well as profitably expanding into new markets.  
Turning to the 777X. We continue to execute the flight testing phase of our rigorous test program. As we look toward entry into service, we have adjusted the timing of the first 777-9 delivery to 2022 versus our prior forecast of 2021. This reflects our assessment of the development and test time line, feedback from our customers and projected impacts from COVID-19. We are also incorporating lessons learned from the 737 certification process. We will continue to manage the risks inherent in any development program.  
We continue to expect to deliver 777s at an average rate of approximately 2.5 per month in 2020. We will take a measured approach to the 777X rate ramp as we look to minimize the amount of change in corporation work by managing the number of aircraft produced prior to entry into service. 
Due to market uncertainties driven primarily by the impacts of COVID-19 and moving the 777X delivery to 2022, we now plan to reduce the combined 777/777X production rate to 2 per month in 2021 versus our previous plan of 3 per month in 2021.  
Finally, we'll make no change to the 767 and 747 production rates at this time. These programs are targeted for the cargo market and approximately half the 767 production is dedicated for the tanker program.  
On the 747, we will continue building 747s at the current rate as we deliver on our commitments to key customers. In light of the current market dynamics and the outlook, we anticipate completing production of the iconic 747 in 2022.  
Our commitment to our customers does not end at delivery. These airplanes will be flying for decades to come and will continue to support the 747 franchise, its operations and sustainment well into the future.  
These rate decisions are based on our current assessment of the demand environment, taking into account a host of risks and opportunities. We will closely monitor the key factors that affect our skyline, including the widebody replacement cycle and the cargo market. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and maintain -- and make adjustments as appropriate into the future.  
As I mentioned last quarter, the sharp reductions in demand for our airplanes and services that we see over the next several years, won't support the size of the workforce that we had prior to the start of the pandemic.  
As previously announced, we started implementing a reduction of our global staffing by approximately 10% by end of this year from where we ended the year last year through the combination of voluntary layoffs, attrition and where necessary involuntary layoffs. These are difficult actions we're taking along with infrastructure and spending reductions to better position us for the future. We're taking a thoughtful and methodical approach, carefully managing required skills and talent. In some areas and most notably defense, we continue hiring to meet our customer commitments and to fill critical skill positions.  
We are implementing these reductions as fairly, respectively and transparently as possible and providing as much support for our employees as we can through the duration of the global health emergency that we're facing.  
Unfortunately, the prolonged impact of COVID-19, the further reductions in our production rates and the lower demand for commercial services means we'll have to further assess the size of our workforce and ensure we're aligning with a smaller market. More of our decisions are likely ahead of us as we try to limit the impact on our people as much as we possibly can. We will be communicating with our teammates openly, honestly and transparently. The assessment will be aligned with our ongoing efforts to simplify and improve how we do our work, driving agility and positioning us for when the industry recovers.
In summary, our industry is changing, our customers' needs are shifting and we're adapting. We believe over the next several years, air travel demand will gradually recover to the growth trend. Protecting long-term flexibility, while adjusting capacity in the interim to balance near to medium-term supply and demand will be critical to preserve our long-term prospects. There's no question that this is a historically dynamic and challenging time for our industry. We'll work closely and transparently with our customers, our suppliers and our employees as we navigate through and rebuild stronger on the other side. We'll take decisive action to transform the business, focus investments, preserve liquidity, streamline and size our operations to become a better, more sustainable Boeing.  
And with that, let me turn it over to Greg for an update on our financial performance. Greg?

Thanks, Greg. We're definitely in an unprecedented period, a tough moment for the industry and the world. Every day, I'm inspired by the resilience and the hard work of our Boeing associates, our customers and our business partners. We are and we will continue taking the right actions to navigate through this together while maintaining focus on our priorities, living our values and driving safety, quality, operational excellence into everything we do. A focus not just on adopting and recovering but on emerging stronger and more resilient than ever before. We believe the long-term industry fundamentals remain strong, and air travel will recover. Our portfolio of products and technology is well positioned for that recovery. 
Much hard work remains ahead of us. But what I've seen the Boeing team do gives me great confidence that we will adapt, we will lead and we will thrive as our industry recovers. 
With that, Greg and I will be happy to take your questions, and I'll turn it back to Maurita. Thank you.

Greg, if I might just add something since I've been part of most of these calls with our customers. It's I want to acknowledge what you said is actually a fact. We do have many calls that are on the forward looking, want to take a big position kind of discussion. And then we have the others, of course, who are in the opposite. So that's a true story. 
I think from Boeing's vantage point and our posture at the moment, we're still trying to de-risk the skyline. That has been our motive and to emphasize to everyone, including our own people, that we're going to move the finished goods first. That is going to be -- that's our intent. If we can move it faster, great. We're still going to hold our production rates as conservative as we can so that we can get that inventory on the move.
And then when I think this virus ever looks like in a rearview mirror, I think all those discussions that, of course, we do have about the forward upside point of view, I think they'll come faster rather than slower. And honestly, I think as much about the recovery and the pace of as I do sort of the retrenchment and to deal with today's liquidity because I think actually that ramp-up is going to be the more important part of this puzzle going forward.

Well, I'm not sure there's much I can add to that. We're going to have these volume impacts on our program accounting, et cetera, over this near term. Unit margins, cash margins is our focus. We feel good about where they are. We think we can make them better. And then as volume and orders come along and we can begin to look out further, I think everything gets -- not only gets back to where it was, but maybe gets better. So not much I can add to sort of the dynamics of next year's margins other than to tell you our focus is on unit cash margins and just continue to manage that as closely as we can for liquidity purposes. And then as order books fill out, we can -- you'll see that impact in the accounting side of the puzzle.

Yes. I don't really have anything more to add other than, again, think about our posture, the middle of next year. If in fact, things are beginning to return, customers are beginning to see the virus in the rearview mirror, vaccines are being discussed and described. I really believe that the toughest part of our puzzle, as I said, going forward is going to be then returning to rate that satisfy what I think will be a reasonably robust return to the market. So that's part of our math here. But what Greg said holds. For most of the year next year, the governor on rate is going to be the pace at which we sell that finished goods inventory.

I sure hope so.