It's good to be with all of you. Thanks, Matt, for the intro. I want to start my brief comments upfront with just a revisit at the Farnborough Air Show a little over a week ago. It was important for us. It was an emotional outcoming for our company and our people. 
We always look a little better when we are standing next to our products and the flight teams who are operating them. It was great to see, and I think everyone witnessed the 777X in flight, which was more than magnificent, the Dash 10 also in flight and our investment in Wisk and its product in the important eVTOL market. 
We met with our customers, we met with suppliers, partners, the usual, except it didn't feel like the usual because it had been a while. We're proud of the orders that we collected over the course of that week, over 200 orders and commitments. And importantly, it covered the whole line, the 737 MAX, our 87 and the 777X. And it shows the extent to which our airlines are already -- our airline customers are already anticipating fleet renewal projects and their willingness to bet forward on that prospect. Needless to say, they're all as busy as they can be trying to get their own fleets up and running and the supply constraints they face dealt with. 
Looking at the quarter, a lot of things good happened over the quarter. We are on the verge of returning to the 87 delivery process. I won't give a date. I never have. That's up to the FAA. But we've been working closely with our customers and the regulator on those final steps. 
We're proud of our team. We're proud for the discipline and the detailed work they applied over this long course. And it will be worth it. In the end, we'll have a predictable and high-quality line, and our customers will be pleased with the products. And a reminder to everyone that this 87 fleet that's out there has been working harder than it's ever worked. And it's been performing incredibly well. 
Turning to the MAX. Again, one airplane at a time, the fleet is performing incredibly well, oftentimes exceeding the specification and expectations our customers had when they originally placed their orders. 
And we continue to work hard on predictability of the delivery chain. And we're focused mostly on the engine supply lines and then those second-tier constraints that those engine suppliers are facing. And I think we've made an awful lot of progress on that front. Brian will give you sort of our best guess on how this year turns out with respect to those deliveries. But it is -- it's now, I think, based on a far better knowledge of what those supply constraints are and commitments from our supply side engine suppliers. 
In BDS, I don't want to skip over the Starliner. It was important. It was an emotional up for all of us at Boeing to get back on track. We had a wet dress for the space launch system rocket, the biggest rocket yet. We're looking forward to that launch. So we had a good sort of engineering coming out with respect to those achievements. And yes, we're still working through some of the challenging macro environment issues, especially with respect to our fixed price development contracts. And Brian will also walk you through that. 
And then finally, on the services side, like pretty much everyone that's been reporting, it is coming back, and it's coming back in a rapid way. Our commercial service business was up 30%. It carries strong margins with it. And so it's a big and important contributor to our overall cash flow story. 
And again, the result of all of this work, a big step forward with respect to stability. We did debt to cash flow -- operating cash flow positive. So that puts us a little bit ahead of our internal plan, and we feel good about that. And we are still committed to be cash flow positive for the calendar year 2022. 
It's underpinned by a very strong commercial market. I think you all know that. Everyone has spoken to it. A lot of supply constraints out there with respect to the operators of our airplanes, the airlines and what they've got to do to get the fleets running efficiently and build their capacity where it needs to be. 
But they are out there in the market trying to rebuild their fleets for the future and to meet that significant demand. And so far, we have not seen any drawback on that demand. While we understand the sort of recession fears that are growing out there, so far, it has not impacted the aviation industry or our customers. 
So mostly what we're focused on, and I don't think it will surprise anyone, and I think I've heard it in most of my peers' reports is the supply chain, stabilizing it, making sure that it's predictable and consistent. And for us, in particular, with respect to the commercial side of our business, it relates to engine production, engine availability so that we can predictably deliver airplanes to our customers. 
We think we've made an awful lot of progress on that front. I know you've heard directly from the engine suppliers. They are making progress, and we've adjusted all of our delivery rate expectations at least in the near term to satisfy those constraints. 
A comment quickly on regulatory and geopolitical. I'll start with geopolitical, China. The good news is that because of the strong demand in the marketplace, we've been able to manage our risk going forward with respect to the airplanes that we have built and are awaiting delivery. 
We intend to stand by our Chinese airlines, stand by the CAAC and get those airplanes back. But the timing, which has been pushed and deferred in light of some of the COVID management issues in China and some of that geopolitical overhang, we can suffer our way through that and will. And it should not impact the cash flow positive posture that we've taken for the year. 
So it's a little easier to manage for us. It's no less important, and we will continue to encourage our administration to work as closely as they can with the Chinese to reopen the trade card or with respect to aviation, a relationship we've enjoyed for over 50 years. And we'll continue to support our customers. Medium and long term, it does represent the difference between commercial aerospace leadership or not, given the size and scale of the China market. 
And then on the regulatory front, we are working constructively with the FAA. We have our heads down. We're working towards certification by year-end on the Dash 7 and the Dash 10. And we believe what we're working on is, in fact, the safe option with respect to all options in the narrow-body space. And so we're going to just keep plugging away. 
And anyway, that's enough said. As we navigate through this environment, stability is the watch word for all of us. We want to be predictable. We think that will differentiate us. And that's why we've got -- we're focused on it. 
We continue to increase our investment in research programs, the readiness program with respect to the next big commercial airplane, all the digital modeling tools that are required to be ready for that, we continue to invest aggressively in. And we continue to enhance those underlying digital technologies that we will bring ultimately to the services market as well. Safety, quality, transparency, these are values, and this is what we remain focused on. 
So before I turn it over to Brian, the MAX, it's on track. And it's performing for customers, in many cases, exceeding expectations. We think we're through the most difficult parts of COVID-19. Starliner, a pivotal and emotional test for The Boeing Company, and we feel good about it, and we're ready for the crewed flight. 
Global Services, on its way back in a big way. We feel terrific about their progress. And now we are at the detailed moment to get ready for 787 deliveries, the moment we've been waiting for. And we look and feel as though we're on the verge of doing so. So we've taken a long view. We continue to take a long view. And we do believe we're in the middle of a turnaround, and it's beginning to show itself. 
So with that, I'll end my opening comments and turn it over to Brian.

Yes, I'll keep them brief. We do believe we're in the middle of a momentum shift. We're all anxious and looking forward to delivery of our important airplane, the 787. Again, a reminder of how well it is performing in the field, and therefore, this delivery stream is critically important to our customers. 
So I'll leave it with that, and turn it over to Q&A.

Yes, Doug. So why don't I start with 87 predictability? So like we said and like you acknowledged, we can't give you a date. But what we do track is all the work, any issues that the -- both teams have wrestled with over this time. And we are approaching closure on all of that. The number of documents, the number of analyses, the number of sign-offs has progressed at a fairly rapid rate here toward the close. 
So we see that documentation phase, which has been a lion's share of the phase, as closing relatively soon and then, therefore, the readiness of airplanes, which we have been working on at exactly the same moments simultaneously, has also been in shape to the point where customers are climbing around the airplanes and making certain that they are also ready for delivery and acceptance. 
So all that's coming together. And yes, the FAA remains in control, but there's just enough workload on sort of both fronts, readiness of the airplane and the documentation and certification requirement that we just feel like we're on the verge and are reasonably confident in that front. 
So that's why I feel different this time. And I will acknowledge, Doug, that we have felt like it was at near term in previous periods, but not with the same level of due diligence that I feel now. On the MAX delivery front, let me turn it over to Brian. He's got all the numbers.

So let me discuss the engine-related. It is a very important issue to be resolved, and it is not yet resolved, that structural casting part of the puzzle. You may recall 2 or 3 meetings ago at this, I acknowledge that would eventually be the issue. And of course, it is. 
So that capacity is limited. It's not just about money, it's qualification. It's one of the toughest components inside the supply chain to ultimately get to a qualified status as well as just the sheer physical capacity to do it. 
So I do think we all have to moderate our rates to make sure that we are ahead of that. And I do think the work that we've done, unfortunately, our choice not to move up to 38 here as soon as we had originally predicted is honestly based on that constraint. But I do believe we're at a state now we're at 31, we're comfortable the industry can get there and maybe have already gotten there. And then we're going to watch as they qualify more capacity going forward to make -- before we pull those rates up. 
So is it medium and long term? Somehow some way that constraint in my view in the next 3 to 5 years has to get solved itself. Some investment has to get made, and capacity has to expand for the engine suppliers to keep up with what I believe will be continued robust demand. So it may not be a satisfactory answer, but that is the reality of the world I've lived in for the last 20 years. So -- and then with respect to the other parts of the question, I'll flip it over to Brian again.

No, I'll answer that. The answer is I don't know when that will happen. Stability at 31 and then confidence that engine suppliers will have their castings in order and can predict a steady delivery at 38. That will then initiate us to say now it's 38. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. Stability for me is still job one, and that's what we'll stay focused on. Do I think it will be better next year? Yes, but I don't know exactly when, and I don't want to get ahead of myself.

Before Brian gets in the -- it's never about any supplier. It's about one or two that surprised you one way or the other. And with respect to medium or longer-term rate increases or changes, yes, it does actually get down to that engine supplier, and it does get down to those castings. So we have to be confident that they are ready and that we can count on those deliveries. So anyway, that is the world we live in now.

Well, first of all, we're doing our very best to be transparent, and we are always informing them that -- when we get close. How much lead time? I don't know, 3 or 4 months if it's a formal designation. But I think they're all -- like you said, I think a lot are prepared to get to those higher rates. But we need a few specific ones to be ready to get to those higher rates. 
And I -- sorry to keep coming back to that, but that's really where it is. I think we have our eye squarely focused on the constraint that matters the most. And as that plays out, you'll probably know as fast as I do, and then we'll let that go to the rest of the market. I think the rest of the market will respond quickly.

I do not. I do not. And I've also asked that question many times. So I think we're in a good place. 
Again, I'm going to follow up just quickly with Brian's comment. We're not playing a game. We are working as hard as we can to get to stability in a tough environment. We chose that November meeting as a moment to sort of say, okay, where are we on stability, what is the framework for cash flow over the course of the next year. 
We're looking forward to that day and that meeting. And I think at that moment in time, a lot of these variables will have resolved themselves, and we can give you a much clearer view of what the future looks like.

And then with respect to China in November, I will give you the update. You will probably be as up to speed every week between now and then as I am because it does require a bit of a thawing and geopolitical break between China and the U.S. So at any rate, in the meantime, we do deliver airplanes occasionally to China based on pure need. And those are mostly widebodies and mostly cargo.

And again, the average of 31 with respect to production is a clear objective of ours. Anything short of that will be disappointing. Our real objective though is to make that a stable rate in each of the months, and we're not there yet. So be careful to extrapolate any 1 month.

I'm going to get back to earlier questions. If I thought I had an engine supply, I'd do it today.

Well, that's -- well, I've been trying to encourage them for a very, very long time. Honestly, I think it's going to be, as is always the case, they're going to increase their margins. My guess is it will be considerable. I don't know all their contract timings and all their relationships with our engine suppliers. 
But you know how hard they're going to be working. And when those margins get to a point where everyone believes it's worth investing a significant amount of money, that's what they'll do. And I suspect that day will come. 
And I will encourage the industry in that way. And they're going to have to believe in our demand forecast, which, so far, I think we've been highly credible with respect to the long-term demand forecast for airplanes. 
So on the -- on all those readiness questions and investments, we are -- you're right to ask the question because we've said to everybody if you're in pursuit of predictability, then you have to invest in all those buffer stocks. And you have to stay ahead of this curve in every way that we possibly can. 
And I'd say it's marginally more investment-intensive, but not enough to honestly make that big a difference for us going forward, especially when you compare it to our investment in finished goods inventory, which right now is a bit of an all-time high. 
And I will also -- we haven't talked about it, just mentioned to everybody that while none of us like how we got here, if you are faced with a bunch of supply constraints as a market over the next couple of years, having over 400 airplanes that are finished at your fingertips, and yes, they're hard to get out and get ready and back into the marketplace, is a pretty good buffer in and of itself and allows us to exercise a little extra discipline on the stability front as we begin to march up that curve over the next 18 months. So anyway, I don't want that to get lost as a buffer overall.

Yes. No, I appreciate the question. And we've been bullish on international opportunities. I am more bullish now than I was when I even began, and I was -- again, I was optimistic there. And it is because of the world we see in front of us. 
It does take a couple of years to take the threats that are out there that manifest themselves into real orders and sort of long commitments. And I -- but I suspect that's the way this world will turn here in the next couple of years. We had some early shore indications from those closest to the conflict. 
Our Chinook victory here came faster than maybe we would imagine. Why? Because our customer is right next to the front. So I am optimistic on the program specifically that you called out. They might be on the leading edge of that demand curve. But it's not going to happen in the next 6 months, and it's not going to -- it will take us probably a year to get to where that demand begins to manifest into real orders.

Well, there are awful lot of irons in the fire. And like you, I try to compare and contrast how many irons in the fire now versus where they were. Certainly in the COVID period, significantly hotter. But even in that prior '19 world, there's just a lot of irons in the fire, and there's already a concern about supply constraints. 
So you know what that mix ends up doing. And then I will just add to that puzzle. You know the sustainability constraints. And while you may be skeptical and maybe I am too about renewal or taking airplanes out of service, I think that day is on us. And I think that's going to be real in the years ahead. 
You'd be surprised how many of the orders, particularly in the mature markets like Europe, et cetera, where that is the discussion more than any other, which is we need to improve the sustainability performance of our fleets otherwise, we're going to lose ground. 
I will point, if you don't mind, to a tool we introduced at the show called Cascade, which is a measure of emissions for every airplane every day for everybody. And it's meant to be an open tool for the industry to use, think about policy changes and all those things that are going to incent the renewal of fleets and the improvement on this front. That tool is a tool that we'll show you in our November meeting, and it's one I hope you'll use because I do think that changes the -- that rate of retirement in a pretty big way.

Yes. No, exactly. But those 25-year-olds, I believe the pressure on this will not subside. It will grow, and policies will get written. 
I think our trick here, honestly speaking, for the industry for a moment and as you get familiar with the tool that I'm referring to and think about this, our trick is to make sure that policy with respect to the environmental and sustainability performance of the aviation fleet does not get so far ahead of the industry that it stopped the music. We've seen that happen in the energy world a little bit. 
I don't want to see that happen in the aviation world. So that's why this tool is important to us. Incent the retirement of some of the old, less efficient airplanes. And yes, that's good for us and good for the industry, but also educate the policymakers so they don't get so far ahead that it begins to constrain the industry's growth.

Well, so far, I'm not sure I can draw the correlation all the way to retirement, but I -- this general recession thing so far hasn't impacted our aviation industry. Will it at some moment? Maybe. 
Price elasticity has been remarkable as I look at things. And demand for air travel, I think, has been prioritized fundamentally to a higher slot in the consumers' list of priorities. So anyway, I'm not smart enough to draw a perfect line between one and the other, but I believe that the retirement world is going to change in a pretty big way.