Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before I turn to the results of the quarter, I want to take a moment to thank all of our teams again, especially our frontline colleagues. We have now passed the 1-year mark of working within this challenging COVID-19 environment, and I'm very proud of their continued performance and dedication.
Campbell delivered strong second quarter results, with growth in all 3 key financial metrics. Organic net sales increased 5% with continued demand across both divisions, fueled by accelerating in-market results, including positive share progress across most of the portfolio and a strong holiday period. Net sales were tempered by continued foodservice weakness following a resurgence of COVID-19 cases in December, which led to greater away-from-home restrictions as well as some supply constraints given these cases led to increased absenteeism rate in our plants during the month. 
The foodservice weakness and supply constraints each created about 1 point of headwind in the quarter versus our expectations. The labor situation has since improved significantly, and we continue to make steady progress on supply going into the second half of the year. 
We reacted quickly to these headwinds, appropriately shifting spending to reflect this pressure. But where supply was available, we executed our planned increased investment in advertising and consumer promotion on our core brands. Taking everything into account, we had 8% adjusted EBIT growth and 17% adjusted EPS growth, leading to a very good quarter.
By segment, Meals & Beverages posted 6% net sales growth, punctuated by a very successful soup season and the continued strong performance of brands like V8 and Prego. This was partially mitigated by declines in foodservice. The Snacks business delivered another solid quarter, with sales growth of 4%, largely driven by our power brands in salty snacks, including Kettle Brand potato chips, Late July snacks and Cape Cod potato chips, as well as Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse bakery products.
Most notably, we achieved the primary objective we outlined in our Q1 earnings call, to return to share growth. Nearly 75% of our portfolio held or increased share in the second quarter versus the prior year. This included meaningful share improvement in key focus areas like ready-to-serve soup, Prego and Snyder's of Hanover pretzels, with continued momentum on condensed soup, V8, our salty snacks portfolio and Goldfish. There were a few exceptions such as Swanson broth, where we knew we'd be challenged on supply. We feel very good about how we are addressing the challenges on broth by expanding overall capacity and growing Pacific Foods, which was the fastest growing broth brand in measured channels in the second quarter.
E-commerce continued to be an important growth channel for us, with in-market dollar consumption increasing 89% over the prior year. With the click-and-collect fulfillment model representing slightly more than 1/3 of our e-commerce retail sales, we are sharply focused on partnering with our customers to deliver value to our consumers, including bundling products for easy meal prep and inspiring creative snacking options.
Turning to Slide 7. Within the Meals & Beverages division, we had another strong quarter, with consumption growth of 9%, principally due to volume gains. We delivered on our objective of share growth and saw positive in-market consumption growth in almost all categories, led by condensed soups, Prego, V8 beverages, ready-to-serve soup and Pacific Foods soups and broth. 
We continued to execute our plans and feel great about our progress against our Win in Soup strategy, led by a great start to soup season and a strong holiday period. In fact, U.S. soup sales grew 10%, with strength across all categories. This was fueled by more than 1/3 of the end market consumption growth coming from new buyers. The number of retained soup buyers in this quarter is the highest since the pandemic started almost a year ago. 
Our condensed soups were once again the highlight of the quarter, with double-digit net sales growth and continued share gains, especially among millennials. With a 0.7 share increase, condensed had its eighth consecutive quarter of share gains, an amazing run that started well before the pandemic. This performance was driven by our quality improvements, strong advertising and the retention of the new households. Additionally, during the important holiday season, the number of buyers of condensed cooking soups grew double digits, and we continued to grow household penetration this quarter versus prior year. Year-to-date, our condensed soups have the highest household retention rate within the entire Meals & Beverage division.
Within ready-to-serve, share improved this quarter, driven by strong base velocity growth in Chunky and improved availability. Chunky had an exceptional quarter, with double-digit net sales gains and in-market consumption growth, outpacing competition and increasing share nearly 2 points with growth among all cohorts, including millennials.
Pacific Foods is now the fastest-growing wet soup brand on a dollar share basis, outperforming its competitors on many fronts by delivering on-trend innovation and impactful advertising. This important growth engine continues to perform above our expectations. In the second quarter, Pacific soup and broth outperformed the category, posting dollar consumption growth of 25%, the fifth consecutive quarter of share gains driven by brand strength and a meaningful increase in household penetration. We are thrilled with the performance of Pacific Foods and are equally excited about our robust innovation pipeline that includes new canned offerings as well as additional plant-based products.
As I mentioned earlier, Swanson broth struggled on share as we expected. We continue to recover on supply throughout the quarter, and we are making steady progress through a combination of expanding internal capacity and bringing on additional co-manufacturing. In the most recent period, we are seeing both share and supply levels improve, a trend we expect to continue through the balance of the year.
Beyond soup, a standout in the Meals & Beverages portfolio was Prego, which maintained its #1 share position in the Italian sauce category for the 21st consecutive month and has widened the gap against competitors. Prego sales growth came primarily from the gain of an additional 4 million new households across all demographic cohorts.
Our V8 beverages also performed very well this quarter, delivering its fourth straight quarter of both share and household gains. Notably in Q2, these gains were across all sub-brands of the business. And we saw new households coming into the V8 portfolio, driven by both V8 original and V8 + Energy. Overall, Meals & Beverages delivered a strong quarter, as it continued to drive relevance with its brands to a younger consumer base and delivered share gains in many of its key categories.
Let's turn to the Snacks segment, which represents about half of our total annual revenue. Our performance was again fueled by our power brands, which grew dollar consumption by 8% over the previous year. Within the power brands, our salty snacks brands grew dollar consumption by double digits and realized share growth. This was in part due to the implementation of our capacity expansion projects as well as increased A&C investments to support our media campaigns and innovation, including Snyder's of Hanover Pretzel Rounds and Twisted sticks. On the Snyder's of Hanover brand, the combination of successful innovation, fundamental execution and brand activation led to share growth, double-digit dollar consumption and nearly 5 million new households, turning around what had been a challenging share period.
Our Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse products also delivered exceptional results across bakery and cookies, growing dollar consumption by 41% and household penetration by 1.5 points. On Goldfish, we improved our performance according to the plan we outlined last quarter, returning to growth in net sales and improved dollar consumption. We adapted marketing content during the holidays, with digital partnerships focused on new ways for the consumer to enjoy Goldfish, such as movie night snack mixes or classic lunch combinations with Campbell's tomato soup, all leading to positive engagement metrics and increased purchase intent. Additionally, we are launching new flavors within Flavor Blasted Goldfish, which continued to grow consumption by double digits.
As you'll see on Slide 9, this is only the beginning of what is arguably our strongest slate of innovation yet, which includes Twisted Pretzel sticks and better-for-you options, like Late July veggie tortilla chips. We are very excited about the breadth of our snacks pipeline in the second half of the fiscal year, which will complement what we have on deck later this year for Meals & Beverages. Overall, we feel very good about our Snacks performance and the steady growth it delivered as we provide consumers with elevated snacking experiences through our unique and differentiated portfolio of power brands. 
We also made significant steps on value capture, including the recent transition to SAP to streamline and improve capabilities. Looking ahead, we believe we have additional runway to improve Snacks profitability with further network optimization opportunities. And we remain confident in our long-term strategy and our ability to deliver additional cost savings. With the strong results in the second quarter and our overall first half performance, we are confident in the outlook for the full year.
With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our second quarter and first half financial results.

Thanks, Mick. Before we conclude, I want to share my perspective on the key factors underpinning our confidence in our outlook beyond the pandemic.
By now, I know you have heard a great deal about the stickiness of all new households gained throughout the pandemic from essentially all of our peers, with a wide range of data, in fact, supporting that thesis. We very much agree, and we see similar trends in our own research and data.
I'd like to conclude today with 3 critical and differentiating points, key factors that serve to underscore Campbell's advantaged position going forward and will fuel our future growth trajectory. Importantly, 2 of them have very little to do with COVID-19 or the stickiness of new households. 
The first is our Snacks business, which, as I mentioned earlier, consists of a unique and differentiated portfolio of brands that represent approximately 50% of the company's annual revenues. This business was growing before the pandemic, and we expect to sustain or exceed those historical growth rates going forward. Snacks also includes a margin structure which we believe still has significant opportunity for improvement versus the snacking peer group average, even after we deliver our current value capture. We are finalizing our plans to unlock more value, and we look forward to sharing more details with you as we move forward.
Second, no matter where you stand on the retention of new households gained during the pandemic, it is undisputable that Campbell's business, particularly our Meals & Beverages division and especially soup, is coming out of this period more advantaged and with renewed relevance. Nearly 13 million new households purchased Campbell soup since the initial peak of the pandemic, of which almost 1/3 are millennials, outpacing both key competitors and the category average. 
We have also seen macro behaviors, like quick scratch cooking, take root. And our research indicates more than 30% of consumers are cooking more with soups since the start of the pandemic. Additionally, we believe increased at-home launches will endure as many people are expected to work from home more often post pandemic. Beyond the role that our Meals & Beverages offerings play in the lunch occasion, snack foods accompany nearly 30% of all lunches, which bodes well for our entire portfolio.
We've conducted extensive consumer research in an effort to determine sentiment, model consumer behavior exiting the pandemic and sharpen our plans to ensure the sustainability of our recent gains. The consumers who we've surveyed had an overall high level of satisfaction with Campbell's products in our Meals & Beverages and Snacks portfolio. In fact, about 4 out of 5 new users surveyed said they were very or extremely satisfied with our brands. 
As a result of this high satisfaction, those surveyed told us they'll continue to count on our brands going forward, turning to us for things like cooking solutions and quick lunches and meals. This gives us every reason to believe consumers will continue to purchase our brands well after the pandemic. 
Even more importantly, 70% of the consumer surveyed told us our brands better met their needs than competitive products. These same consumers also told us the taste and convenience of our brands were the top drivers of overall satisfaction. We feel this sets us up well for continued share progress going forward. 
The research also has provided us with actionable insights in our opportunities to strengthen the retention of our consumers. These include areas such as: adding more convenient packaging options and sizes across our portfolio, developing new and inspiring recipes, and satisfying consumers' need for permissible and more intense snacks by providing a variety of flavors and healthier ingredients. This specificity will focus our plans and innovation to target the areas with the highest probabilities of retaining these new consumers, particularly younger consumers for our brands. 
For the third and final differentiating point that underscores our strong position going forward, we look to the strength of our balance sheet. Given the cash-generative nature of our business and our reduced leverage, which is now below 3x, we are well positioned to generate significant cash flow, well above our ongoing commitment to base capital investments and dividends in the next 3 years. This can and will be a source of opportunity that can be invested in high ROI initiatives or other actions to drive value creation. 
So to wrap it up, our mission is clear: number one, sustain or accelerate our historical snacks growth while improving margins; number two, solidify our Meals & Beverages business as a steady and stable contributor behind recent transformational consumer trends and trial; and number three, deploy what will be significant capital to fuel this growth and create differentiated value. We look forward to sharing more in the months ahead about this next chapter as Campbell moves from turnaround to sustainable growth.
And with that, operator, let's open it up for questions.

Yes. So a couple of thoughts. First, again, I think as we said in our comments, a bit frustrating, of course, to see the top line when the underlying fundamentals are as strong as they are. In-market consumption was up 8%. And a really important step forward for us was the shift in share performance, where we had 75% of the portfolio growing share, including some businesses that were really important for us to get back on our front foot, like ready-to-serve soup, for example, and Snyder's of Hanover pretzels. Both of which had been a bit challenged on share, and we wanted to make sure we turned them around.
I guess the other good news about the timing and sequence of some of the pressure we experienced, we had all of the inventory in place for the holiday and kind of the key drive period, which is why we did so well during that time frame in-market. Where it hurt us was a bit in the replenishment of that as we were exiting the quarter. And as you said, driven really by 2 things. The significant step back up in COVID cases was the root cause, but it impacted both our foodservice business as well as absenteeism specifically in our plants. We were -- in the month of December, we crossed the double-digit line on absenteeism, which was really the highest we had seen, which really did reduce a little bit of our firepower as we had expected to be able to get in front of consumption and ship a bit ahead of it.
The good news is, both of them I would describe generally as episodic in nature, and that as we finished the quarter and went into Q3, both of those we're seeing normalize and improve. And remember, in Q3, one of the things that we're going to have as a dynamic is that we shipped about 12 points behind consumption a year ago in Q3. 
And so as you think about that overall shipment-to-consumption comparison, despite the fact that -- in the spirit of a lot of volatility in our world today, despite the fact we're going to have to navigate a little bit of this pressure out of Paris, Texas, where our plant was closed for a couple of weeks, that plant makes primarily Pace and Prego, just as a reference point. But we expect the overall elements to be positive as it relates to shipments versus consumption, but with a little bit of choppiness as we go into Q3. As we roll through the back half, we're feeling very comfortable that we'll be back in a strong position. 
I think also of note, we've talked a bit about the recovery of the SKUs that we had swapped out for base business during the pandemic. All of those are back up and running that we're going to return is -- if you look at our numbers today, you'll see about a 6% decline in TDPs. We expect that to be about 3% ongoing. The reason you're not seeing all of it is some of those items are still in pipeline. But as the quarter unfolds, we expect that all to be back in place as we manage through the back of the year. 
So a little bit of a longer answer, but I know a very important element to get your hands around. So I think there's reasons to believe that we'll see that room to catch up a little bit and kind of get back on our feet as it relates to inventory.

Yes. It's a little bit too early. But what I can tell you we've done is we've created essentially a bit of a map of the country in evaluating the specificity of different data points in conjunction with reopening. And so us, like you, are looking for those proof points to validate what is a lot of hypothesis that we have. And so I would say it's too early to give you any conclusions, but we're set up well to read that as quickly as possible, make any adjustments we need and really begin to put some facts, specific facts behind some of those assumptions we've talked about.

Yes. Sure. Sure, Ken. No. Look, I understand the question. And certainly, this is not a unique conversation. And it happens pretty frequently these days in our industry. 
I will say we did a few things. And we have targeted our research in a few ways to try to inform certain thinking that's just simply different than how many people are going to continue to cook or how many people are claiming that they'll continue to use our products. 
I'd kind of give you 2 areas: One, we've gotten a lot sharper on how we feel using the survey work to really understand how we hold up against competitive choices. Because one of the things that I think will matter a lot here very quickly as we start to lap the initial surge and get into COVID is how do we feel about our comparative position and, therefore, our ability to manage through share-positive performance or differentiated performance. And that was an important part of the work that we've been doing and trying to identify where we think we're in stronger positions. 
And I was pleased. I was really pleased with some of the items that are in more competitive spaces. And setting aside for a moment whether you're going to continue to use us, did you feel we perform better than some of our competitors, I think is an important insight and a little different than just, are the households going to remain sticky? 
I think the other thing that we're doing a lot of is looking for places where we could be exposed where there may be dissatisfiers. So instead of just simply focusing our work on trying to build the case or prove the point that people are going to keep using it, we actually kind of spun it around the other way and really looked at why you wouldn't keep using it. What were the barriers? What were the things that we could be doing differently in our brands? And we're using that very rapidly as we try to inform things like innovation as well as our marketing to try to really kind of go at those areas a little bit more head on. 
So -- and again, as I've said a couple of times, I recognize that until we have facts and kind of points on the board, this remains theoretical. But it is hard to imagine that no matter where you are on that continuum, a business like our Meals & Beverage and our soup business isn't going to be -- even in a modest interpretation, in a better position than it would have been coming into this. And I think that is something that, obviously, quantifying it will be important. 
But I do feel very comfortable in suggesting that just through the trial and experience and the work we've done -- and remember, we don't have the benefit of seeing how all that work would have done pre-pandemic. But I was fairly confident that a lot of the things that we had put in place before were going to help improve this business as well.

Yes. And one thing I'll just say, Ken, as you leave, I mean that was also part of the reason why I wanted to highlight a few things that are really not related to COVID within our portfolio. I mean remember, we've got 50% of our business that is Snacks business that has been growing pretty steadily before and through. And we really expect it to continue to grow afterwards. Not all of our peers have that particular composition. 
And further to that, again, I know I'm kind of baiting the hook here for conversation on margin around Snacks. But there is, I think, a continued opportunity for value creation. And with the work that we've done on our balance sheet, our ability to invest thoughtfully and in a disciplined way to create value, I think gives you some reasons to think about the business differently that doesn't require anything as it relates to stickiness of households. And so I want to -- I know a lot of discussion is around household retention, but we've got a couple of really big things in the business that are far less related to that.

Yes. Okay. So let me start a little bit with the Snacks question. And again, I really do expect us in the next few months, again, not to put a particular date, but I do imagine as we go into the fall, we're going to be in a good position to have a more robust dialogue with you about kind of this next chapter of the company's strategy, which will include, in my mind, a lot more granularity around some of the things that we're talking about now. 
But I will say this. On the margins on Snacks, if you look at kind of where we are in our journey right now, we're about 80% of the way through value capture. We're now up and running on SAP, which is a really important step, as many of you know, in these integrations and transitions. And so it's allowing us to continue to build our insights as we look forward. 
And where that value capture has put us, if you think about the beginning of the journey to where we are now, the gap between our margin and kind of the snacking averages, we've closed about 1/3 of that gap. So there's still about 2/3 of that remaining. 
And if you look at the reasons why, and you kind of start from manufacturing all the way to the store, you see a fair amount of inefficiencies even after we complete the value capture. That gives us a lot of confidence that we're going to find opportunities. For example, we've got 1,300 locations holding inventory right now in our supply chain. And yes, no matter how you cut the pie, that is not our most efficient foot forward. 
And so our ability to go after each of those elements with kind of a next wave of plans gives me a lot of confidence that we can reduce that gap further. And again, quantifying that and giving you a little more clarity on the building blocks, we will do that, but not today. So we're working on it and more to come. But I think there's a lot of reasons to believe. And if you pair that with what the growth rate of this company is and what we continue to see as improved opportunities, as we move from integration orientation really to growth and focus on innovation, we feel very good about it. 
And so if you think about some of that work, there may be some investment opportunities that are there. So as we think about capital priorities, kind of pivoting now to your second question, first of all, our capital priorities as a company remain the same. We invest in the company. We pay our dividend. We continue. At this point, we've really done a good job of managing down debt, so we're quite happy with that progress. 
And then we're looking in a very disciplined way. I mean you mentioned some prior historical places that I've been that I think have had very good decision matrix, very good discipline. Our focus continues to be things that we believe are highly aligned or nearing adjacencies to our core strengths. And I think there is a role that M&A can play. But it's in conjunction with also evaluating where we can invest in the company and generate high returns.
I think the important thing to note is that we will apply that discipline, but we're going to be applying it to an availability of capital that, as you say, I think, is going to be a very, very important indicator of value. And especially as you think competitively across places to go, I'm feeling very good about our flexibility and capability to generate a significant amount of value in that space. 
Does that make sense, Bryan?

Yes. I mean I think it's really, Jason, is if you look at the redundancy and the inefficiencies that exist in a network that was built independently and really not through the lens of efficiency. I think the -- as you described, the complexity of our portfolio, there is no question that what is a little unique about us is the opportunity, I'd say, both the scale and strength of operating within 2 aisles of the store. 
But our portfolio is really not as complex as you may think. The partner brands is something we've been working hard on over the last 2 years. And we've got a little bit of work still ahead of us to make sure that we've got the right partnership model that enables us to eliminate a lot of that complexity while still generating the benefits. So still more work to do there.
But I think if you really kind of go from our manufacturing footprint, to our distribution and warehousing footprint, all the way to our route to market, you're going to see opportunities across all 3 of those buckets where we're going to be able to drive greater levels of efficiency than what's there today.
And again, the good news here is, it doesn't necessarily require us to get to a Frito-Lay or to the highest end of the Snacks margins. But even as we move into closing that gap, there's significant value to be created. And as you think about kind of our historical growth rate of 3% with a headwind of about 1%, as we've navigated kind of the managing down of the partner brands, I think you could expect that growth rate to at least continue, if not improve, as we go forward. And so you put those pieces together, and I think the contribution of what represents 50% of our company becomes a significant benefit and a tailwind for us that I think can continue to contribute going forward. 
Now in fairness, Jason, I think you, like others, are going to want to see a little bit more of that blueprint, and I get that. And that's what we're working on now and certainly would anticipate sharing more granularity with you as we go forward. I kind of raise it now though because I think a lot of the conversation, rightfully so, is about what's coming next, where our company is focused in the future coming out of the pandemic. And I point to this as just an area that's not related, kind of to Ken's question earlier, on stickiness of households. This is really about our ability to execute and to identify those areas within our own existing business model.

Yes. No. It's a very fair question and one that I can tell you we've spent a fair amount of time asking ourselves. 
I think let me start with the labor standpoint. I really don't think there's any more we could have done on hiring. I mean we have hired 20%, an additional 20% of our entire workforce over the course of the pandemic. And we did that because we understood that we needed some flexibility as it related to our protocols around quarantining as well as the expanded demand that we were seeing. So when I think about, did we let up there at all or should we have pushed harder, there really was not anything more that I can see that we could have done on the hiring side. There simply ran into -- and if you think about where some of our facilities are, there just was a limit to how many -- how much availability we ultimately had to incrementally hire. But it was certainly not for lack of effort. I can tell you the career fairs around the country, and I'm happy that we were able to hire 2,000 people. I think that was a -- it came at a good moment. 
But certainly, would it have been nice to continue to have a little bit of more flexibility? Certainly in the month of December and January where we saw this renewed surge, it would have been helpful at that moment. But I think the teams have done a very good job at trying to maximize what that potential is.
On the capacity side, so what have we been doing or what have we done? I think it's a little different by brand. If you really look under the hood and you say, okay, where is the real pressure on capacity? I mean notwithstanding a bump or 2 or a winter storm like we may be dealing with in Paris, Texas right now. The biggest concern that we've had is on broth. And there, we have already made the commitment to invest in capacity. We are in the process of putting that in place. It is -- I will say it's been a little tougher and a little slower through the pandemic installing new capital as it might have been in a normal period. But there's no question about the commitment and what that will mean for us when we have that up and running as well as creating a very healthy network of co-manufacturing that helps us ebb and flow.
And Rob, you talked a little bit about the future. Remember, part of the dynamic on the Meals & Beverage businesses are these peaks and valleys as it relates to seasonality. And part of what we're doing is creating a network that allows us to create more flexibility and flex a bit more to the upside. Let's say, we're on the high end of our assumptions, that we can flex there. Let's say, we're on the lower end. We can flex to there and still be responsible as it relates to capital, while still enabling us to meet all of the ongoing dynamics of building inventory into soup season and matching kind of that footprint. 
So I do feel very good about the investments we've made and what we've done to add some flexibility to our business to be able to handle a variety of different situations. Part of the pressure has been to get back into some of these SKUs, that were B and C SKUs that honestly have been very, very important and key to us regaining share that we've had to put back in place. But we're now in a pretty good position on those and are really coming back fully. And so I feel good about the future, but that's kind of the dynamics that we've gone through as we've thought through that.