Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. 
On behalf of Campbell's leadership, I want to begin by thanking the teams for all their hard work this year. By maintaining focus on the factors we can control, we delivered solid fourth quarter and full year results while advancing our strategic plan to deliver sustainable profitable growth. The teams executed with excellence across the company. We improved supply chain performance and implemented effective revenue management to counter inflation, all while demand for our portfolio of brands remained elevated. Importantly, we did what we said we were going to do. We delivered on the high end of our original full year fiscal 2022 adjusted EPS guidance. We accomplished this despite the volatile environment we're in. And with the momentum we built throughout the year, we're confident in our ability to continue to deliver in fiscal 2023.  
Let me start with the fourth quarter. We delivered strong growth across all 3 key metrics, net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS, driven by continued improvement in our supply chain execution, sustained consumer demand and our successful efforts to mitigate inflation. Organic net sales increased 6% versus the prior year due to net price realization, continued elevated consumer demand and significantly improved supply. Adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS both returned to growth due to successful inflation mitigation and cost management. 
For the full year, organic net sales grew 2% and we delivered adjusted EPS of $2.85. As expected, adjusted EBIT decreased due to challenging inflationary pressures and our commitment to protect critical brand investments. 
Our financial results reflect the strong end market performance of our brands. Fourth quarter consumption was up 8% versus the prior year and up 21% compared to 3 years ago. For the full year, consumption was up 4% versus the prior year and up 14% versus 3 years ago. The sustained strength of our portfolio continues to signal great growth potential for the future.  
On Slide 8, I'd like to talk about a few of the reasons why Campbell is well positioned for the consumer and economic environment as we head into fiscal 2023. 
First, our brands are in categories that excel during challenging economic times. Consumers tend to seek out the better value our meals and beverages portfolio delivers, while the resiliency of snacking has been consistent in prior economic downturns. Also, we're not solely dependent on pricing to manage inflation. We've already delivered $850 million of multiyear cost savings, and we're tracking to $1 billion by fiscal 2025.  
Our supply chain transformation continues as well as we address both short-term and longer-term challenges and are performing substantially better than even earlier in the year. In fact, service levels in the fourth quarter improved by approximately 15 points compared to the first half of fiscal 2022.  
We've delivered strong innovation, with a focus on relevant, differentiated and value-driven platforms. We saw a 2% contribution from innovation in fiscal 2022 and have our most robust pipeline yet for fiscal 2023. For our U.S. soup business, innovation contributed 3% of net sales in fiscal 2022, demonstrating the opportunity for innovation in this strengthening category.  
Let me now turn to another strong proof point of our progress, which are the share results for our brands as we emerge from the last 3 years of the pandemic influence. We are pleased with the fact that share for most of our key brands across our portfolio continue to remain at or above fiscal 2019 levels. While as we expected in the fourth quarter, we have experienced some select share pressure, this sustained share growth versus pre-pandemic levels is a positive sign that we're emerging with a stronger portfolio of brands as we head into 2023.  
Turning to our Meals & Beverage division on Slide 10. I continue to be pleased by the performance of our brands. Organic net sales in the division increased 7% versus the prior year, with growth coming across all major meal segments. Consumption grew 8% over the prior year and 22% compared to 3 years ago, reflecting the underlying health of our portfolio and the strengthening position we've built with new consumers through the pandemic, especially with new millennial consumers.  
Turning to Slide 11. As expected, during tougher economic times, shelf-stable simple meals grew an importance, evidenced by the growth of volume share of total food. The strong value and convenience of categories like pasta sauce and ready-to-serve soup, have driven the segment's outperformance versus both refrigerated and frozen simple meals. This consumer behavior, importantly, among younger households, gives us confidence in the continued relevance of our categories heading into fiscal 2023.  
Throughout the thoughtful planning and execution of pricing actions in fiscal 2022, we anticipated and appropriately plan for the share pressure we are experiencing from private label, particularly in parts of the portfolio like condensed soup and broth. What is important to remember is the context of the strength of our share positions. Although never happy with share loss in a category where we have a significant share leadership position, the strength of the category translates to compelling growth on a very important part of our portfolio. Further, we've been very focused on which consumers are trading down within soup. And they tend to be our baby boomer consumers, who historically are a bit more sensitive to price gaps and also very likely to trade back over time. The good news is most of our new millennial consumers in soup have been highly brand loyal.  
Turning to Slide 13. We also are encouraged by our performance on select brands within our soup category that we see as the most imperative to defend our share. Our condensed icons continued to perform well this quarter, with share up 4.1 points and consumption up 29.6% versus the prior year. On a 3-year basis, our condensed icons are up nearly 6 points in dollar share, while also growing units approximately 9%, reflecting our focus on ensuring we are winning on the most strategic parts of our condensed portfolio.  
In the ready-to-serve business, Chunky continues to be a star, with dollar share up 1.3 points and consumption up 20.3% versus the prior year. Compared to 3 years ago, Chunky gained over 2 points of dollar share, increased units nearly 27%, and we've added over 1 million new buyers into the brand. We are revitalizing the Chunky brand for new generations of consumers, leveraging our 25th season as an NFL sponsor and broadening our relationship with gaming icon, EA Madden, featuring the Campbell's Chunky Stadium.  
Innovation will also continue to help fuel our Win in Soup strategy in fiscal 2023. As consumers trade into shelf-stable meals, like ready-to-serve soup, we're bringing new relevant innovation, targeting better-for-you and flavor profiles that will add variety as frequency in these categories go up. Building off of the success of our Creamy Pacific Food soups, we're adding to our portfolio of organic ready-to-serve soups and plant-based chilis, which launched in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. We're also expanding our new Chunky spicy lineup following the insight that nearly 2/3 of consumers agree that savory foods taste better with spice. Finally, we are providing a full restage of packaging and graphics to continue to fuel the relaunch of our, Well Yes! better-for-you soup line.  
Broth is a category where, as expected, private label pressure has been greater. As a result, we continue to further differentiate our Swanson brand. In fiscal 2023, we will be modernizing our packaging and improving our ingredients to drive the taste superiority, quality and value of our Swanson brand. We will also be launching Swanson Quick Cups, which is a convenient 1-cup serving a broth, which fits the majority of broth recipe usage occasions. This smaller size offering delivers convenience for smaller households and further delivers value by reducing waste. Through improved quality and a robust lineup of offerings for our consumers, our focus will be on winning this holiday season.  
Turning to sauces. We continue to make progress against our goal of building a $1 billion sauces business. With quick scratch cooking increasing in relevance as consumers continue to eat more at home to save money, we are well positioned to capture market share and growth. In fact, our Prego brand remained the #1 share leader in the Italian category for the 39th consecutive month and delivered consumption growth of 12.4% compared to the prior year. In addition, repeat rates were up 4 points in the quarter compared to 3 years ago. We are also building on this success by expanding Prego's lineup as consumers are seeking new elevated flavors and ways to enhance their meals as they cook more at home.
Prego's new varieties offer bold and vibrant ingredients to meet the growing need to bring more choices to the in-home Italian sauce experience. Pace continued to build momentum in the fourth quarter as we recovered from material shortages that pressured supply earlier in the year, leading directly to share gains in the category. Compared to the prior year quarter, Pace gained 0.4 points of dollar share and grew consumption 14.5%, while repeat rates increased 5.9 points versus 3 years ago. Turning to Slide 17. As I mentioned earlier, convenience and value are key drivers, especially when paired with the continued strength of quick scratch cooking. In support of these key consumer dynamics, we're fueling that behavior through innovation, with the launch of Campbell's Flavor Up concentrated sauces and with the relaunch of Campbell's cooking sauces. Both will expand options and flexibility for dinner variety, especially as consumers look to find ways to incorporate more interesting flavors at home.  
For example, with Campbell's Flavor Up, cooks can control flavor and portions. Plus, given its concentrated form, a home cook can flavor 15 meals in every $5 package, making it an excellent value that helps stretch consumers' grocery dollars. We will launch this through focused retailer partnerships to methodically build momentum as we create this new exciting way to cook. We are pleased with our results and our innovation. And we remain poised to deliver our goals of achieving $1 billion sauce portfolio.  
Turning to our Snacks division on Slide 18. The division also had a strong quarter, with organic net sales up 6% over the prior year quarter, driven by our power brands. End market performance was strong, growing consumption 8% versus prior year and 20% compared to 3 years ago, fueled also by the performance of our power brands. We have also now successfully delivered our value capture from the integration. And although we recognize that margins do reflect some of the short-term pressure from inflation and COVID-19, we remain very confident in our plans for further margin expansion in the future. 
Perhaps even more encouraging is the continued strength of our growing, highly relevant and unique portfolio of power brands. Taking a closer look at these brands, end market consumption grew 11% versus the prior year. And on a 3-year basis, consumption grew 26%, with double-digit growth across all our power brands versus 3 years ago. With respect to share, our power brands held dollar share in the quarter versus the prior year, with share gains on Kettle Brand, Cape Cod, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and Pepperidge Farm cookies.  
On Slide 20, as we indicated last quarter, our improvement in supply chain execution would enable us to invest in our brands through promotional activity in the fourth quarter. We were encouraged to see that our increased support helped drive positive results. We also are continuing to watch unit share very closely on snacking as we know share of stomach in these categories are very important and provide insight into longer-term growth potential. The great news is we saw unit share improvement across all our power brands in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter.  
A particularly competitive segment is Total Salty Snacks, where we were the only major player who grew unit share in the fourth quarter as we've worked hard to keep price and promotion balanced as supply recovered. Gold Fish continues to deliver exceptional results also, driven by relevant innovation and award-winning marketing. We continue to shake things up with our limited time-only strategy. Building on successful collaborations and flavors with Frank's RedHot and Jalapeño Popper as well as with bold and suite partnerships with Old Bay and our recently announced Goldfish Dunkin' Pumpkin Spice Grahams. Since their launch, Frank's RedHot and Jalapeño Popper Goldfish have driven incremental sales of 60% for the Goldfish brand. These 2 innovations along with old Bay Seasoned Goldfish were ranked #1 in velocity for the cracker category innovations during the launch. 
We're engaging consumers in a unique way, coupling our ability to create delicious flavor-driven snacks with strong partnerships and world-class marketing. This is expanding our consumer reach and usage. The latest accolade is that Goldfish was named one of America's hottest brands of 2022 by Ad Age.  
So in closing, Campbell enters fiscal year 2023 and with strength in fundamentals, a powerful brand portfolio in advantaged categories and the proven track record of navigating the continued volatile environment. We remain focused on what we can control, and most importantly, continue to deliver our commitments.  
With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results and present more details on the fiscal 2023 outlook we provided in our press release this morning.

Sure. Yes. So 4% to 6%, to kind of build it up, anticipates what I would describe on the pricing side as kind of low teens pricing and then likely a couple hundred or so basis points of promotional spend back. So think of it as kind of double-digit net pricing impact. So there's no outsized promotional spend, but there is some reinvestment, as we had anticipated. Elasticities have continued to be very positive versus historical levels. But as we land fully Wave 3 pricing that rolled out in P12 of '22, we've been seeing elasticities in about the 50% range, better on snacking, a little bit of a step-up as anticipated for next year, probably more like 60% of historical elasticities. And then you've got some tailwinds as we have kind of pushed some of the inventory recovery forward from '22 to '23. I'll explain that, I'm sure, in a bit. But -- and the step-up in investment that we have. And so collectively, you put those pieces together, you get to the 4% to 6%. 
I think as you think about the year and where the incrementality of pricing sits as well as where the supply recovery will probably be most prevalent, we're anticipating a stronger first half growth. In particular, Q1, I think we'll have a positive relationship to consumption, a little bit of a flip of Q4 as we saw a little bit of timing of shipments move into Q1.

Yes. Sure. So maybe let me give a little bit more color. And Mick, feel free to jump in if I miss something. But on the EBIT side, to kind of give you a little bit of the building blocks there, as Mick said, we continue to expect inflation next year in the low teens, is what we've positioned it as, with pricing and some of our productivity covering that. And then the balance of productivity and cost savings are really more than enough to offset the step-up in investment in marketing and selling as well as covering the pension that Mick laid out. So I think the net of that is modest overall EBIT growth, probably a relatively flat gross margin as you think about the -- where the building blocks come from. I generally don't like to guide the gross margin, but I think stable is the way I would describe it. 
I also think, as you're thinking about our investment and how much and where are we, we've talked a lot about the goal of getting into that 9% to 10% range for marketing and selling. I think you should anticipate for '23, we'll be on the low end of that range, but a step up from where we were in '22 as we build that back. 
When you think about phasing for the year, I do think it's a little bit of a reverse story from the top line. I think you'll see probably our toughest quarter on inflation in the first quarter as well as a place where I would expect to see investment returning. As you might remember, a year ago, we were in a little bit of a supply-constrained world, and thus then adjusting some of the investments that we had. We'll see that come back. And then I think the other thing that's important to note is the pension that Mick talked about. 2/3 of that will be in the first half of the year. 
And so as you put those things together, the way I would expect as a Q1 where margins will be a little challenged and then kind of stabilizing, normalizing as we go through the year to deliver that relatively overall stable gross margin and modest improvement in EBIT. 
I think what's important, just to point this out, but I'm sure it's kind of self-explanatory in the numbers. But the EBIT without the pension in it -- we're 1% to 5% growth on the base, but without the without the pension in there, we're 4% to 8%, which would put us very much in line with our long-term guidance. And EPS kind of rolls through to the same kind of dynamic. So at the end of the day, I think when you look a little bit past the accounting on the pension, the underlying guide, I think, continues to support the momentum and progress that we've been talking about and describing.

Yes. Maybe a way to do that, Ken, is to give you a little bit of color on Q4. Because I do think, to some degree, an expectation that net sales would have been perhaps at or favorable to consumption might have been an expectation out there. And I will say that relative to our own modeling, we saw a little bit more of the shipment timing move into Q1. But maybe it will be helpful to bridge Q4 and then I'll tell you kind of what to think about as you get into Q1.
So I think probably the biggest shift, if you will, in the difference between the 2, and this was a little bit of a unique dynamic, but I think the right call, which was to roll out our Wave 3 pricing in the last month of '22. And that was really designed to ensure that we had the pricing fully reflected and in place as we stepped off in fiscal '23. 
However, in a month where you're executing pricing, I do think we saw a little bit slower, especially as it relates to inventory recovery as we executed that. The good news is, as we project in the Q1, that's probably a couple of hundred basis points of difference that I think will move into the Q1 timing. And as we start the year, we see momentum as -- in support of that. So I think that's the first piece. 
The other 2, as we have continued to prioritize the retail environment, some of the non-measured channels, especially on snacking, it was about 200 basis points of headwind for our snacks business, about 100 basis points overall for the company of decline in unmeasured channels, which is part of that bridge as well. 
And then perhaps the final piece, but on a smaller level of contribution, although I feel tremendous about the progress we're making on supply chain, we still have a few businesses where material availability has slowed full supply recovery. That's primarily Lance late July in V8, where each of them have their own kind of material availability challenge that will take us some time into '23 to fully recover. So you put that into the mix as well. 
So as you think about Q1, imagining that we're a couple of hundred basis points ahead of kind of in-market consumption, I do think the unmeasured channels will stabilize and be more in line as supply fully comes back in line, especially in our snacking businesses. And so I think that's probably a good way to kind of think about the dynamics of the movement from Q4 to Q1 and maybe a little bit of explanation on why you might not have seen a little bit more top line, in particular, on the snack business in Q4.

Yes, yes. No. And I think we tried to kind of allude to that is -- as we were moving from Q3 into Q4, that as supply came back in line -- and given the nature of snacking, it is probably more important to get that balance of promotion right. And it's interesting when you look at snacks in the fourth quarter, although you did see about 400 basis points of step-up in promotional spend, you also saw volume/mix that was down only about 3 points, which relative to the total net pricing we took would imply a very low elasticity. And part of that is the nature of snacking. And so what we want to make sure we're doing perhaps more so in snacking than other categories is really ensuring that we stay competitive as it relates to units, because in the end, that's really what's indicative of the future health of the business. And so I think that balance is what we're striking. I do not think you'll see 400 basis points as ongoing runway. I do think we -- the summer does tend to be a little bit more historically promoted period. And so you saw that. And given what we were lapping, which was very light on promotion, I think it's a more normalized view of promotion than it might have looked at first glance with 400 basis points. But as I think you get into '23, I think it will. As I said, 200 basis points, probably a little more distortion to snacking, but generally in that ballpark for the year is a good assumption. 
Yes. And by the way, just as closing that out, I mean, that is why you saw, I think, in Q4 the unit share performance that I talked about in the remarks. And the fact that we were growing units in salty snacks, which is perhaps the most fiercely competitive segment of snacking was -- in my mind, as I thought about what we were trying to accomplish in the quarter, was a very positive outcome.

I think they're going to be relatively stable is what I would say. So I always hate to give precise numbers on gross margin. But I do think what I would expect to see -- and remember this too, like when we talk about cost savings and even some of our productivity, that's not all in gross margin. Part of that is below the line. And that contribution, as Mick laid out the cost savings goal for the year, does give us some counter to the increase in marketing and selling spend that we have below. So I think when you put those together, it's helpful. Mick?

So I think if you did that math, if you rolled that math together, I think it will allow for you to have a little bit of kind of offset to where you would see marketing and selling up and the pension recovery with cost savings relative to then a gross margin that I think will be healthy, but generally, probably pretty stable.

No, no. And that's what we would have expected, right? So private label in our soup business really is prevalent in 2 places. It's the condensed business and it's the broth business. And those are the 2 places where we recognize we're -- we've got to be very, very on top of price gaps and the overall value proposition.
I think the one piece of context that I'll just give to you that I do think is important, and I mentioned it in my comments, in a condensed world where we're 80% of the category, and the category is up double digits, that is a good thing for us overall. Although, again, I'm never happy nor satisfied with any share loss at all, I do think the overall strength of the segment has been very positive. 
I think further to that, we've tried to really carve out the parts of the condensed business that we want to make sure that we're defending in a more perhaps vigorous way. And that's -- we describe it as our icons, but that's essentially chicken noodle, tomato, cream of mushroom, cream of chicken. These are the kind of juggernauts of condensed. And when we look at those head-to-head versus private label, we're actually winning on share expansion and growth. 
What is -- where the decline is coming from is on a lot of the flankers, which tend to be a little bit higher priced. There are things like healthy requests and some of the longer tail on flavors. And so as we go into '23, what we're really going to be trying to do is maintain that focus on icons, but also providing a little bit more support behind the broader portfolio to try to continue to bring kind of a full solution to bear, if you will, for condensed. 
And so although I expect that pressure to be there, especially in the first half until we kind of cycle where we were when pricing really kind of took hold in the back half, I do feel very good about where we are. And it's very consistent to where we expected to be. And again, if the category can continue to maintain the momentum, I think it bodes well for us longer term as well. 
I think broth, as I've always said, it's kind of the toughest because arguably, it is the most commoditized segment of the soup business. But I will say, I feel the best about our offerings that we've ever had as we roll into '23. We've got a quality improvement that now tests superior to private label. We've also got packaging constructs that are unique to us that will bring value and convenience. 
And so I think we put our best foot forward. And I think this holiday season will be a good initial test of that. And so we're geared up and ready to go there. But I think that category or segment continues perhaps to be one of our most challenging longer term, but I feel very confident that the condensed business, we're very well positioned on. 
And then just to round it out, I mean, on ready-to-serve, I feel terrific about where we are there. Shares have been improving. our chunky business is really just doing fantastic. Well, yes, continues to plot its course of recovery. I mean Chunky's growing top line, share and units. So we've got everything going in the right direction. We've got a terrific pipeline of innovation. We've added Pacific in a material way to ready-to-serve now. And we've got a whole another new lineup of ready-to-serve organic soups and chilis with Pacific. So I feel really good about that, and I think that's evident in our results. 
So when I take a step back on soup, I would just say, again, I'm never going to be okay with share loss. But I don't think it's inconsistent with what we expected. I think we've got good action plans against the different pieces. And I do expect us to continue to show progress. And if at the end, the underlying dynamic is continued strong growth in the category, ultimately, that will be a very good thing for us.

Yes, yes. What it is, Jason, is a little bit of decision-making between where we steer supply in the short term. So I don't feel at all like it will be a problem in the future at all. But I do think in the fourth quarter, we made some decisions to strengthen our presence in some of the retail channels where we had been weaker on supply and kind of prioritized recovery there. I think you'll see strong recovery as we go into the -- into fiscal '23. And I don't think you'll see that as a drag on the business at all as we go forward. And yes, it's a very healthy channel and one we want to be present in going forward or healthy channels that we want to be present in going forward. But in the fourth quarter, it was a little bit of pick your spot. And we decided that we prioritize the retail first.

Yes. I think the biggest indicator I can give you, Jason, is that we're not talking about anything even remotely broader or deeper than historical levels. And honestly, even with the Q4 example that I gave, we're still not back. And nor do I think we need to go all the way back to historical levels. At the same time, I do think that snacking in general, because of so much of the impulse decision-making that's there, the balancing act between the 2 is perhaps a little bit more important. So there's no shift in strategy. And again, I continue to be very confident in our ability to drive the margin goals that I know you and I have talked a lot about over the years and continue to see a runway. And even in the quarter, right, where we delivered that kind of investment, although our margins were off of, I think, 30 basis points, it's a really stable margin on the business that I expect to continue to accelerate as we get into '23. 
So I don't think you should have any concern at all about some shift in strategy that's going to result and margin erosion. I do think what you should expect is some recovery of the promotion that has left the segment as we continue to kind of be in a position where we want to stay as competitive as possible. So I think where you'll land at the end is less probably promotion than we had historically, but certainly more than what we had last year, because it just was -- it was too much. And again, it was because we didn't have supply, and so I do expect that recovery to come. So yes, please don't read too much into this. It's really about the recovery. But I do think in a world where inflation is so dramatic, continuing to calibrate volume and making sure you know where your volumes and your units are is a very important aspect of recognizing are we pricing in the right balance. So I would tell you that it's probably more about the overarching sustainability of the broader strategy and making sure that we've got that balance right.

Maybe I'll do innovation first and then we'll back into the capital. But -- so if you remember on Investor Day, we showed a slide that had essentially kind of a historical runway rate of about 1.5%. And then for '22, we had 2% innovation for -- as our target, which we delivered, and saw momentum even on that as we were kind of exiting the year. As we move forward, we expect that to get back up into the 2% to 3% to 3% to 4% over time. And that is, in our mind, really kind of best in class. And again, you expect there to be a bit more innovation flowing through your snacks business just because of the nature of that category.
But what I felt this year was important in a world where we were wrestling with a lot of external variables was to stay on track to deliver the goal that we laid out in Investor Day was a good step up. And then now with an even bigger pipeline in the future, we feel great about where we're going and where we're headed in the future. And I think our capital is really built to support that, but also with a good amount of it that's related to continued cost savings and productivity. But Mick, I'll let you...

Yes. It actually did. It just happened much earlier in the quarter. And then in the -- normally, what we do on pricing, right, just the way that the nature of executing these, it tends to be at the turn of quarters. And you end up getting a little bit of an inventory build as you kind of roll out of the quarter and then a little bit slower start as people work through their lower-priced inventory before they replenish. 
I think the desire to get pricing in place for '23 led us to push that a little bit more forward. And I am really glad we did, because in the end, we're in a great position headed into the year. We're at a much stronger and kind of Wave 3 pricing fully behind us is what we wanted. But I will say that where you would normally have perhaps a little more of incentive to build in the final month, you just didn't see that quite as much. And anyhow, at the end of the day, I think the good news is, as I said, very consistent with prior circumstances, in this month, we're seeing that bounce back as you would expect. And so I think the good news is that it kind of carries that opportunity a little bit into Q1, and I think that in many aspects will be beneficial.