Thanks, Rebecca. As we continue to navigate the COVID-19 crisis, we hope all of you listening today and your families are staying safe and healthy. Our thoughts remain with all those impacted during these challenging times. 
Our most important responsibility is to take care of our people. Ensuring their health, safety and well-being continues to be our highest priority. We also remain focused and committed to helping the communities where our people live and work. Our support, both financially and in food donations to Campbell's hometowns across North America now stands at $6 million since the onset of the pandemic. 
Before I review our financial results, I must once again express my deepest gratitude, pride and appreciation for the extraordinary performance across Campbell, starting with our frontline teams. We have been operating in this challenging environment for 6 months, and our teams continue to exhibit determination, commitment and resilience. They have adapted to heightened safety protocols to get our products to customers and consumers across North America, and they have been there for one another and for their communities. 
I am also sincerely thankful for our sales team and the close partnerships with our customers during these uncertain times. I truly believe the level of collaboration and transparency that has been displayed during this difficult and complicated period will create an environment for continuing to build and grow our businesses together well into the future. 
Finally, I'd like to thank our headquarters team for demonstrating such tremendous commitment and passion in supporting the business and our teams in the field. I'm so proud of how they have adapted to not only a virtual work environment, but also the way in which they have found new and more efficient ways to work. 
Now let's turn to our performance. Campbell's simplified focused strategy and commitment to improving our execution served us very well as we faced the unprecedented challenges of the pandemic. Our fiscal year was separated into 2 distinct halves. 
We began the year focused on strengthening our portfolio of powerhouse brands. We completed our planned divestitures while we substantially reduced our outstanding debt. We kicked off our Win in Soup turnaround plans. And we drove a new operating model to optimize growth and profitability. Our business was progressing on a steady, positive trajectory in the first half with solid performances across both divisions. Within Meals and Beverages, both soup volume and dollar share grew for 2 consecutive quarters, and we delivered continued growth in Snacks in the first half of the year. 
And then March ushered in challenges few could have fully anticipated. But I am incredibly proud of the agility and commitment of our teams in adapting to the uncertainty brought on by COVID-19. Our operational and commercial teams have positively responded to the extraordinary demand caused by the pandemic, driven by a major shift in consumer behavior toward eating at home with a resurgence of cooking simple meals and increased snacking occasions. The impact of these consumer changes was evident in the results that we reported in the third quarter and again in the fourth quarter results we're reporting today. 
In the fourth quarter, we delivered growth in all key metrics with double-digit increases in organic sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS. Organic net sales increased 12%, resulting from strong performance across both of our segments. As a reminder, the organic net sales growth excludes the 8 point positive impact from the additional week in the quarter and a 2 point negative impact from the sale of our European chips business. 
As it did last quarter, our in-market performance grew across both the Meals and Beverages and Snacks divisions. In measured channels, our total company in-market consumption increased 22%, with double-digit consumption increases across most of the portfolio. Comparing relevant apples-to-apples consumption and net sales numbers, consumption growth was about 2 points above net sales, reflecting isolated softness in unmeasured channels and select inventory depletion on Snacks, partially mitigated by some inventory recovery in Meals and Beverages, especially on soup. 
Share results were mixed in certain categories as we navigated some previously discussed supply challenges to keep up with demand. We expect to continue navigating this situation through the first quarter of fiscal 2021, but also see opportunity for further inventory replenishment throughout the first half as retailers are working hard to ensure shelves and inventories are fully replenished. We feel confident that as we move into the critical soup season, we will be well positioned to support consumer demand and our retailers' needs and have a more positive share outlook. 
In the quarter, we also advanced on other key business metrics and strategic plan initiatives, including 190 basis point adjusted gross margin expansion. And we generated $45 million of enterprise cost savings in the quarter, which reflects initiatives from our multiyear enterprise program and synergies from our Snacks integration. With the strong increase in net sales and improved gross margin, adjusted EBIT increased 22% despite a significant uptick in the rate of marketing investments and COVID-19-related expenses across both divisions in the fourth quarter. These results helped to drive adjusted EPS up 50% to $0.63 per share. 
As discussed last quarter, we are very focused on household penetration as we make every effort to retain the new households and younger consumers who have purchased our brands through the pandemic. We remain very encouraged by the retention of these new consumers and are pleased with our decision to continue to invest to strengthen our brand equity and increase relevance, even where we may have supply challenges. 
In fact, we increased household penetration across most key brands. Total household penetration remained up 4 points for the company versus a year ago in the quarter with strong, sustained repeat of 71% in these new households. Those increases have been driven in part by the sustained consumer behaviors we discussed in the third quarter, including more at-home meals in quick-scratch cooking, online shopping, the evolution of the retail shelf and the continued consumer focus on value given the challenging economic environment. 
In our best view of the future, regardless of duration of the COVID-19 environment, we expect to retain a sizeable portion of these households, driven by these sustained behaviors even as the environment normalizes over time. The net of all of this is that we expect to be in a much more advantaged position coming out of the pandemic than going in, which was already improving based on the progress we had been making against our strategic plan. 
Currently, the impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain, and it is therefore difficult to predict the full year outlook for fiscal 2021. That said, we are committed to being as transparent as possible for investors. We are providing context for our thinking on full year fiscal 2021 and more specific guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2021 based on that context. However, even in the first quarter, there are many variables that make this difficult with both risks and opportunities. And I do want to be clear that it is not our intention to move to quarterly guidance. Rather, it represents our desire to provide as much visibility as possible. Each quarter, we will assess what we think is appropriate. Mick will cover this in detail in a moment. 
With that, let's turn to a more detailed discussion of our 2 segments. 
There are very few businesses that were as in demand and positively impacted by COVID-19 than our Meals and Beverages division. The strong fourth quarter results have fundamentally changed the trajectory of the business and have created a unique moment to further accelerate our strategy of returning relevance and growth to these iconic brands. In the fourth quarter, organic net sales increased 19% and operating profit was up 24%. These sales gains continued to be broad-based, primarily reflecting gains in our U.S. soups, beverages, Prego, pasta and Canada. Our foodservice business, which only represents approximately 5% of our total full year company sales, continued to face challenges with sales declining in the quarter based on consumer trends previously discussed. 
In-market dollar consumption grew 24% in the quarter, with strong double-digit consumption growth across all core brands. Excluding the benefit of the additional week, our in-market consumption was up approximately 15%. This sustained demand, along with gradual inventory recovery, did continue to put pressure on our supply chain, resulting in some share erosion. We did see some inventory catch-up later in the quarter as we added back SKUs that we had temporarily cut to maximize capacity and improved inventory levels in soup, where we did ship ahead of consumption, as planned. 
Marketing expense increased 115% versus prior year, and A&C more than doubled on a dollar basis as we continued to lean into the opportunity to attract and retain new households. Although off a smaller historical base spending level, more than half of the increased investment was focused on soup, including Pacific Foods, which grew 45% in-market, including an approximate 11-point benefit from the additional week, as we have now fully turned around this important business. 
Over the entirety of fiscal 2020, the soup category grew more units than any other edible category, and our wet soup growth was double that of total edibles. This is a long way from 2019. On this slide, you can see the total soup sales growth was remarkable, up 52%, which includes an 11-point benefit of the additional week in the quarter, driven primarily by the 30% increase in consumption, impacted by the continued changes in consumer behaviors from COVID-19 as well as retailers replenishing some inventory levels. We drove substantial sales gains on condensed, ready-to-serve and broth, including Pacific. Consumers have gravitated to our trusted brands because of the quality, value, comfort and versatility that our products deliver. 
While our share performance was down in the quarter, it was driven by broth, which did not keep pace with its category, primarily due to availability. Broth is an important area that we are continuing to focus on by adding more additional co-manufacturing as well as increasing capital investment to unlock further total soup production. 
We are also extremely pleased with our significant gains in household penetration while volume per buyers remained elevated even in the summer. Soup household penetration increased over 5 percentage points versus the same quarter last year. We gained 6.4 million households across all generations with continued gains among the millennial cohort. Notably, these gains were most pronounced across our condensed icon soup business, which was where we really increased investments around cooking, new usage ideas and more summer recipes. We leveraged the momentum we garnered in the third quarter and disproportionally invested in marketing messages with new, relevant ideas that would be especially appealing to younger consumers. This has also contributed to strong repeat, and product is moving through pantries even as we navigated through the summer months, setting up opportunity for stronger replenishment as we head into the upcoming soup season. 
As we discussed previously, innovation plays an important role in our plans. And although we may be a bit behind our soup aisle of the future vision, given the COVID-19 impact on retail, we are certainly on track to step up innovation on soup in fiscal 2021 to further accelerate relevance and continue to position our soup business for sustained growth. 
I want to acknowledge and commend the team who, despite the challenging operating environment in fiscal 2020, did not take their foot off the gas on our innovation across our soup portfolio. For fiscal 2021, we are focused on 3 major areas for innovation: First, strengthening our better-for-you offerings; next, expanding our convenience platforms; and finally, beginning to broaden our kids-specific options. This reflects the significant uptick in need for simple, in-home kids' lunches. 
Better-for-you begins with the relaunch of our Well Yes! brand. This platform was first introduced in January 2017. We've added to the platform with a range of highly relevant and successful sipping soups, including 2 new flavors, this past fiscal year. We will now focus on the base business by further improving the quality and taste of the food, completing a full packaging and marketing transformation and shifting to more affordable pricing. We expect this will provide a far more attractive better-for-you option and a much stronger competitive position to capture category growth and younger consumers. 
Also within the better-for-you broth category, we are expanding our Swanson broth sipping line with 2 new flavored varieties: Chinese spice and Moroccan. Sipping represents an incremental occasion for broth and is expanding the Swanson equity. We expect this line to attract younger consumers, particularly millennials and GenXers who value the ease and convenience of the sipping cup. 
For our Pacific Foods brands, we will introduce 3 condensed soup varieties in a can, all of which are organic and gluten free. As the trend of quick-scratch cooking continues to grow, these offerings will fit perfectly for consumers who want to save time and add organic and nutritious ingredients to their meals. Our now 2-year effort to improve the health and wellness of our core condensed business and adding significant new products has gone a long way in breaking down the historical barrier of health and relevance concerns for canned soup. 
We are also optimistic about the national launch of our Slow Kettle toppers line with 5 flavors. We've tested this line at a national retailer and have found that it is bringing a new and younger consumer into the soup aisle. This rounds out a compelling convenience section that we see as a new destination that will be created in our soup aisle of the future. 
Finally, within our core condensed and SpaghettiOs portfolio, we are seeing growth on our kids platforms with a higher number of in-home lunches. We have a new SKU launching this soup season, a tomato ABC variety that combines the popularity of our iconic tomato variety with the fun of alphabet pasta. We continue to drive relevance with our kids soup line by featuring familiar faces, such as the always-popular Disney princesses, along with one of Nickelodeon's hottest TV shows in Paw Patrol. In addition, we are launching more permissible varieties of SpaghettiOs like new chicken meatballs and added veggies. As we look ahead, we will continue to invest to bring new news in terms of products and flavors to our kids platform. 
As we head into fiscal 2021, it is a good moment to check our progress against our Win in Soup strategy. We feel great about that progress. Although the environment has changed dramatically, we also have been dynamic and nimble in our approach. The turnaround of the business and expansion of households attracting younger consumers and improvements in Pacific Foods are all well ahead of pace. While share is behind where we expected, we consider this capacity-driven and fully expect that to turn around in fiscal 2021. Our innovation, marketing, supply chain and investments are all on track, while shelf and packaging is a bit behind as we have prioritized supply and keeping shelves full in the COVID-19 environment. We expect to increase our focus in this area in fiscal 2021. 
To stick with our full swing analogy, I'd say that we are well down the fairway. Admittedly, while we benefited from some tailwinds off the tee, we have made the most of this moment with strong investment and continued focus on innovation. And we are feeling great as we set up for a second shot in fiscal 2021. 
In other parts of the division, we saw similar results continue into the fourth quarter. Prego maintained its #1 share in the Italian sauce category for the 15th straight month as we saw gains in household penetration in the quarter. Both Prego and Pace saw double-digit consumption gains. However, both also experienced pressure on share, given supply challenges as we're trying to meet demand and recover retail inventory levels. 
V8 in Canada also performed well in the quarter. V8 experienced double-digit consumption growth with gains in both multi-serve and single-serve products. Our Canadian business continued to perform well this quarter and its results mirrored similar behavior to the U.S. All in all, great performance. And I'm very proud of how our team materially advanced the execution of our strategic plan. 
Let's next look at our Snacks segment. This was another strong quarter for the division as net sales increased 11%. Excluding the additional week and the sale of the European chips business, organic net sales increased 7%. Operating profit was flat versus previous year, with higher sales being offset by COVID-19 cost and sustained increase in marketing investment. We see this margin dynamic as short term in nature as we navigate higher COVID-related costs. As the year progresses, we expect to remain on our planned path of margin expansion into fiscal 2021, consistent with the trends that we saw in full year margin expansion in fiscal 2020. 
In-market performance was elevated across the portfolio as our brands are well aligned to meet consumer needs and current retail trends. The division delivered 21% consumption growth in the fourth quarter in measured channels and growth across all 9 of our power brands. Excluding the additional week, our in-market growth was 13%. The strongest performers included Milano, Late July and our Farmhouse brand. This quarter, 6 of our 9 power brands grew or held share. We grew by more than 1 point across 3 of the power brands with the strongest growth coming from Lance at 3.7 points and Late July at 1.3 points. 
However, we did see some limited share challenges also in Snacks, due principally to supply constraints. On the Snacks business, our net sales number lagged consumption primarily due to lower growth in our nonmeasured channels, specifically in convenience store and vending, as well as some retail inventory reduction. We have already taken action. For example, as previously discussed, on Goldfish, we have added nearly 20% more capacity to our supply as we head into back-to-school. We also have additional supply coming online for our Cape Cod and Kettle brands in the first half of fiscal 2021. 
We are also very focused on household penetration for our snacking brands with increases across 8 of our 9 power brands in the fourth quarter. We significantly increased our marketing investment in Snacks in the quarter to fuel these efforts with a year-over-year increase of 38% as we doubled down to retain new consumers and support our power brands. Our investment reflects a combination of live TV, online and streaming video, along with key media sponsorships. 
I'm also very proud of our Snacks team for continuing to drive innovation, which is so critical in the snacking category. We launched all our planned innovation for fiscal 2020 and are on track to deliver fiscal 2021 innovation with no delays, even as we continue to operate within the constraints of COVID-19. I'm pleased with the performance we're seeing on some of the innovation that I discussed previously, such as Snyder's of Hanover Pretzel rounds and Twisted Sticks as well as our Late July organic potato chips. These products are demonstrating positive signs on repeat and steady velocity growth. 
In addition, in the fourth quarter, we launched a new line of Farmhouse breads called Breakfast Breads. These soft, thick-cut slices of bread rich with whole grains and fruits come in 3 varieties and are ideal for stay-at-home or on-the-go breakfast. They were developed pre-COVID-19, but were scaled up using the same tale-tasting capability we mentioned last quarter. 
Next quarter, I look forward to sharing our exciting plans for fiscal 2021 Snacks innovation, which will roll out in the second quarter. 
Let's finish our discussion on Snacks with a review of our progress against integration and value capture. We continue to remain on plan to deliver the value-capture synergies that we initially outlined as part of our acquisition of Snyder's-Lance. The team continues to do an outstanding job adjusting elements of the integration plan in response to COVID-19, and I continue to be very pleased with the consistent progress of the integration of the business and teams despite the outsized impact on costs associated with the pandemic. 
In conclusion, I'm confident in our plan to continue to unlock the growth potential of this unique and differentiated portfolio. The business, which represents about half of our annual sales, continued to perform well and fulfill its portfolio role of sustained growth. 
As we navigate this unprecedented period of remarkable growth, I hear one question rather consistently: Are these the best days we can expect from Campbell? My short answer is no. Although we clearly have some unique onetime drivers in the second half of fiscal 2020 that created fairly historic growth numbers, the collective progress we have made strategically, the unique investments that have been enabled and the lasting consumer trends we are experiencing, I believe, places us in a highly advantaged position as we emerge from this pandemic period whenever that may be. 
First, strategically, we added millions of new households. And even if the retention of those new consumers is modest, it will still fuel substantial incremental growth to our originally planned trajectory. In particular, it has added significant confidence around, perhaps, our biggest strategic question, which has been our ability to stabilize and build relevance around our soup business. 
Second, we have also been able to maximize cash flow and investment during this period, adding significant incremental cash and profit to help reduce debt, build our brands and improve efficiency. Even as we expect profit and cash flow to normalize over time, the incremental benefit of this period has been significant. In addition, I think this operating environment is creating opportunities to evaluate future efficiency as we learn from these last 6 months. 
Finally, as we anticipate the return to normality, we do not believe this will undo the experience, capabilities and preferences consumers have developed, like a resurgence of quick-scratch cooking and expanded snacking, both spaces where our brands play such a critical role. 
While there still is much to prove, and the environment remains extremely volatile, our more focused North American business, a brand portfolio in highly relevant categories, our relentless pursuit of executional excellence and now with the acceleration of our strategic plans, we are very well positioned for the future. 
With that, let me turn it over to Mick for a deeper dive on our financial results and segment performance.

Thank you, Mick. As we just reviewed, fiscal 2020 was a year like no other in recent memory and an exceptional year of performance for Campbell. And we've already jumped right into fiscal 2021. 
I thought a good discipline from last year was to provide our key proof points or milestones that help frame our priorities for fiscal 2021 and help keep everyone aligned to what is working and what is not. Key metrics to measure our progress going forward include: Retention of new households, returning to positive soup shares, sustained progress on snacks and better contribution from innovation are all key areas of focus on our growth agenda. This growth will be supported by continued value capture and Snacks margin, closely managing COVID-19 cost and key capital initiatives. Still most important, we will be continuing to prioritize the safety and well being of our people and investing to expand our capabilities to meet the evolving consumer and retail environment.  
Thank you for your time this morning, Rebecca, over to you.