Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. For clarity, this morning, I will make high-level comments about our total company performance, described as total combined results in our press release, as it reflects how we managed the business during the quarter and enables an apples-to-apples comparison against our past performance. Anthony will bridge the various components of our results, including both continuing and discontinued operations given the announced sale of Campbell Fresh. 
At a high level, much like last quarter, we are doing what we said we would. Throughout the third quarter, we continued to make steady progress against the key priorities we outlined last August in our strategic and portfolio review, including stabilizing our in-market performance, integrating the Snyder's-Lance business and accelerating growth in our U.S. Snacks portfolio. 
We also continued to deliver our enterprise cost savings program while focusing and optimizing our portfolio through divestitures. I'm even more encouraged that in this quarter, we delivered results that were ahead of our expectations. This marks the third consecutive quarter this year where we have met or exceeded our goals, which is a necessary first step in our journey to deliver steady and dependable results. 
Based on our performance through 3 quarters and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we now expect adjusted net EPS to increase from our previous guidance range of $2.45 to $2.53 per share to $2.50 to $2.55 per share, reflecting improvements in our business as well as the expected impact of the Campbell Fresh divestiture. 
Looking at our total combined results in the quarter, sales increased 12% and organic sales within continuing operations were comparable to the prior year. We had stable top line performance with organic sales trends improving in the quarter relative to the first half. 
Performance in the quarter reflected strength within Global Biscuits and Snacks driven by the continued growth of the U.S. Snacks portfolio. Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance grew share in the majority of their core brands. Meanwhile, the Meals and Beverage business is beginning to show signs of stabilization. This is clearly a work in progress, but I'm encouraged by the improved trends. 
We also made progress on gross margin in the quarter, an important proof point in our turnaround. Adjusted combined gross margin declined 40 basis points in the quarter, a material improvement versus the first half, which was down 460 basis points. The Q3 decline was driven by the negative mix impact of the Snyder's-Lance acquisition and cost inflation. However, ongoing productivity improvements, continued strong execution on our base cost savings programs, including the value capture of the Snyder's-Lance synergies, were able to mitigate a significant amount of the headwinds. This resulted in adjusted earnings per share declining compared to a year ago but stronger than our expectations. 
The team has continued to successfully execute our multiyear enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we delivered $55 million in savings, including the Snyder's-Lance synergies. That brings year-to-date savings to $150 million, which is ahead of our original plan of $120 million. We now expect to deliver $180 million in cost savings in fiscal 2019, including savings from Campbell Fresh. This will help offset cost headwinds we're managing while still delivering our commitments and, going forward, will serve as fuel for investing back in the business for growth. 
Another area of emphasis for the company is cash flow from operations, which year-to-date increased to $1.1 billion, reflecting major improvements in working capital. We continue to demonstrate increased discipline and effectiveness in optimizing our working capital and capital spending. 
Turning to a discussion of our segments on Slide 9, let's start with our Meals and Beverages segment. Performance continues to be mixed across our brands, but our results were ahead of our expectations for the quarter. Organic sales were comparable to the prior year compared to declines of 3% in the first half of fiscal 2019. The Meals and Beverage business is showing signs of stabilization, particularly from a profitability perspective. Declines in operating earnings moderated in the quarter as we continued to deliver base enablers, decreased inefficient promotional spending and benefited from our recent pricing actions. While we are encouraged by the improved sales and profit trends, there is much work ahead. 
On the U.S. Soup business, sales were comparable to a year ago. In-market consumption declined 2.6% in the quarter, a noticeable improvement in trend versus the first half of the year, which was down 5.5%. The difference between sales and in-market consumption was driven by favorable timing on new revenue recognition accounting, which offset the consumption decline and some expected inventory reduction to start the quarter. 
We are successfully executing our fiscal '19 soup plans, which are focused on improving the fundamentals of the business, including pricing and promotion, marketing and innovation. This will establish a solid foundation that we can build upon in the future. In particular, I'm encouraged with the progress the team is making in stabilizing the condensed soup portfolio and improving trends with key retail partners. In fact, over the latest 4 weeks, condensed soup consumption was positive. 
While we have started to chip away at the challenges, we still have much to do to position this business for improved and sustainable results. At our Investor Day next week, we will provide an overview of our go-forward plans for how we will win in soup. As I stated last quarter, changing the trajectory of this important business will require a holistic approach to building consumer relevance through strengthening the product, the packaging and the pricing structure. 
Additionally, we will need to improve investment levels to support the brands, and we'll also need to optimize the network to establish a profitable and sustainable business model going forward. Change will not happen overnight, but we are building confidence that we can win in soup again. 
Turning to our Global Biscuits and Snacks segment. Excluding the benefits of the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance and the negative impact of currency, organic sales increased 1% driven by the continued strong performance of Pepperidge Farm, fueled by fresh bakery and Goldfish crackers. This growth was partially offset by softness in our international snacks business. 
A year after completing the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, we are making steady progress on the integration of our U.S. Snacks businesses, building upon the complementary strengths of Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance. The combined U.S. Snacks business delivered strong sales growth across the portfolio with organic sales growing by low to mid-single digits. In the quarter, 7 out of our 10 core brands grew or held share. 
I continue to be impressed with the proven snacks growth model at Pepperidge Farm. This marks the 18th consecutive quarter of organic growth with sales increasing mid-single digits behind strong marketplace performance across all major brands. A strong proof point to the capability of the team is the turnaround of a tough fresh bakery business as it continued to generate strong growth behind rolls and buns, the Farmhouse brand and the recent restage of our Swirl line, where we improved both the product and the packaging. 
Our cracker business also gained momentum in the quarter, fueled by our largest brand, Goldfish. We continued to gain share, driven by base sales growth and the introduction of the new Epic Crunch line. 
Now let's turn to the other half of the U.S. Snacks business, the Snyder's-Lance portfolio. Marketplace performance was mixed in the quarter but is trending upward in the last 4 weeks following the activation and increased advertising investments in 3 of our core brands: Snyder's of Hanover, Kettle and Cape Cod. We continued to deliver strong performance on late July with consumption increasing by double digits. 
The snacks team has put in significant work to position these brands for long-term success including building relevant consumer insights, accelerating ownable renovation and innovation and increasing brand investments. The early signs are encouraging as we activated against these Snyder's-Lance brands. We expect performance trends on these brands to continue to improve in the fourth quarter as we deploy needed investment and leverage the best of both playbooks from Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance. 
We expect to overdeliver Snyder's-Lance value capture plans in fiscal 2019, and we're on track to deliver against the expected savings of $295 million by the end of fiscal 2022. The overdelivery in fiscal '19 is the result of capturing synergies in procurement, specifically in packaging, the consolidation of the sales headquarters and related operations, and manufacturing efficiencies. 
Beyond the synergies, I continue to be pleased with the progress and the pace of the overall integration. The snacks leadership team has created new ways of working and instilled greater discipline across the combined division. The team is focused on achieving our savings targets while also accelerating the growth of this key business. We look forward to sharing more details next week on our plans to fully unlock the growth of this advantaged and unique snacking portfolio. 
Next, on Slide 11, I want to provide a quick update on divestitures. In April, we announced the agreement to divest the Bolthouse Farms business, which is the largest and the final business to be sold on the Campbell -- of the Campbell Fresh segment. We expect the sale to be completed by the end of June. 
The divestiture process for Campbell International continues to progress, and we are evaluating multiple options with strategic and financial buyers. We remain fully committed to this process. Of course, as we consider all of our options, we will continue to remain disciplined to ensure that we achieve the appropriate value for this iconic business. 
With that, let me turn it over to Anthony for a detailed discussion of our financial results.

Thanks, Anthony. After nearly 5 months with Campbell, I'm encouraged by the sequential improvements in our performance, energized about the potential of our great people and brands and confident in the plans we are developing to return this company to profitable, sustainable growth over time. We are already taking tangible actions but know that we have more work ahead. Our increased focus and discipline is translating into improved results. We will remain pragmatic and transparent about our plans and our progress against our key priorities. We look forward to sharing more of these plans at next week's Investor Day. 
With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken for Q&A.

Yes. Well, thanks, Andrew. Let me and Anthony kind of tag team the first part of the question. And I think it's a little bit varied by category and business. I think relative to inventory position, and as Anthony pointed out in the beginning, the majority of the revenue recognition does kind of land more squarely within Meals and Beverage. So there is a distortion there that's a little bit bigger than the overall 1 point or so that the company experienced. 
I do think underpinning that, there's probably about 1 point of inventory as we finish through the month of April and through Easter, where the sequence or the timing was really very close to the end of the quarter. As we look though, the good news is we see May, and I think the latest 4-week information will come out here shortly, we're seeing very strong performance across the Meals and Beverages businesses as we kind of get back into good relationships with several of our retailers who are starting to support the business. 
And so I'm feeling pretty good that as we think about the fourth quarter for that business, that it will be more or less in line with consumption. It's possible as we watch inventory fluctuations that there may be a point in there that could be a negative headwind as we go through the quarter. But I think if we can continue to maintain some momentum on the businesses, that will serve us well going through the quarter and then starting 2020 in a strong position. Did I miss anything, Anthony?

And then on the soup season, I guess what I would say is I call it a healthy education on both some positive and some probably further realization of what it's going to take to really support the business properly going forward. I think that on the good news side of it, we definitely did see improvement in areas where we were deploying support. So if you think about the support on condensed, specifically around cooking, if you think about the support that was in place around the launch of some of the sipping soups around the Well Yes! brand and also some of the returned advertising support to Chunky, all of those businesses moderated their trends, but they didn't swing to the positive or neutral area. And certainly, continuing to lose share is not the objective going forward for those businesses. 
So although I think we were able to moderate and see some impact, I do think it continues to speak to the need for a broader, more holistic strategy, as I've talked about before, with perhaps stronger calls to action on differentiation beyond just the pricing and promotion, but I would say we did do a good job of level setting through the season. So I think I would describe it as some encouragement in that there is a response to the support we're doing, but also reinforcement that as we talk about the soup plan next week, that the comprehensive nature of it and the needs to -- the need to do a variety of different things across both product packaging, pricing and support ongoing, along with the complementary funnel of innovation, is going to be, I think, the key to really repositioning or changing the trajectory of the business.

Yes. Go ahead, Anthony.

A little bit of a moving target right now in tariffs, for sure. Bryan, on the question around the domestic snack portfolio, as you would imagine, other than things we've publicly announced, I wouldn't spend a lot of time speculating on M&A activity or talking about that. What I will say is I think the priority for us is clear. We're very focused on the divestitures that we've discussed, and I'm feeling very good about the progress that we've made to successfully sell the Campbell Fresh portfolio. I also remain very committed to the process on the international side of the business, and I think that's our top priority right now. 
Of course, as we continue to look forward, we're going to want to make sure that we continue to understand what brands and what the strongest portfolio is for us, as we continue to believe that there is just tremendous potential to compete and to win in snacking with the portfolio that we have. But as always, I want to make sure that we've got the right brands that have the best strategic potential while also recognizing that just continuing to shrink the business or shrinking our way to greatness is not going to be the right strategy either. And I think as we move through these, we haven't talked a lot about M&A strategy, we'll talk about that a little bit next week. But I think I would describe it in sequence. Let's take care of the ones that are on the table now, and then we'll move to continuing to think about how do we strengthen the portfolio after.

Yes. No. Thanks, Ken. No, honestly, when I'm talking about network, I'm talking more about the manufacturing footprint, a little bit on warehousing and logistics as well. And I think it's not an unexpected position to be in after a variety of acquisitions and divestitures over the last several years. 
For us, let's now take a step back and go, okay, we're pretty clear now on what we expect this business to look like. We've got a fairly comprehensive strategic plan that's inclusive of at least the early reads of our pipelines for innovation, and we need to cast that now against the footprint that we have from both the manufacturing and the logistics and warehousing network and see if there's not opportunities to better optimize that or match that with the combined businesses that we have today. 
And I think as we're doing that, we're seeing an opportunity to improve that. And again, I think it's a good moment in time for us to tackle it. But as far as the snacks integration go, our focus on that has really been in the DSD kind of headquarters and operations area, where there is a significant opportunity that we're now about 1.5 quarters of our way through, and it's going very well. And it helps you on a variety of fronts, costs one, but also in kind of bringing the best of both to bear in how we're directing and utilizing our DSD platform, which we continue to believe and see as a very strong competitive advantage within the world of snacking.

I think, Ken, if you think about the integration in particular, I think the combination of kind of where you would normally see procurements, manufacturing, administrative costs, I think there is also going to be, and as we'll talk about more next week, there is an opportunity as these businesses come together to drive what I'd call some outsized efficiencies in our ability to improve overall operating effectiveness and efficiency of the Snyder's-Lance business as it comes into the Pepperidge Farm and kind of combines and scales in a very different way than we were before. So I think you'll see a little bit more of that depth or detail as we go through next week to give you a bit better understanding of contribution of those building blocks, which I think is one of the bigger questions that will help, I think, people get more comfortable with our ability to deliver on those commitments.

Okay. And then on the cost savings, I mean, Dave, it'll be easier to do this when we're together next week and be able to kind of give you building blocks as you go. But I do think we have built a very strong bridge relative to where the sources of savings are going to come from. And I also think this is a business that although we certainly would acknowledge that there are a variety of things we've got to improve performance-wise, our ability to deliver the savings historically is a pretty strong track record. And I think we'll kind of try to bring you through what were the sources of the savings so far and then where are the big drill sites as we continue to go forward. 
But we've talked about a couple of them today. And certainly, we've talked a bit about the Snyder's-Lance value capture, which is a material component, but also the broader network optimization work that we're doing, also some of the underlining -- underlying organizational elements that we'll talk a bit more about next week. All of these are contributing factors that will build a bridge to it. 
As far as how we're going to utilize it, there's no question that, that I know is something that folks would like to understand relative to investment and what's it going to take when we talk about winning in soups and some of the other areas where we believe we can strengthen our investment model. We're going to try to give a lot more clarity to that as well. 
But certainly, what I'm pleased about is we've contemplated the savings plan. Certainly, even prior to my arrival, there was a strong understanding and expectation that investment was going to be needed on our businesses. And so it was contemplated in the algorithm that was put together. Of course, pacing is what we'll talk a bit more about next week as well. But I do think there's a meaningful investment that will come from that source of savings, but I believe that also has been contemplated in the financial framework that we've talked about in the past. And so we'll try to give you the building blocks and the sequence to feel better about understanding how those things work together to get to the outcomes that we'll discuss next week.

Yes. So Jason, as you might imagine on that portfolio, there are some puts and takes, and there are some places where we're making -- where we continue to see the need and our investing in price on certain businesses, while also there are places where we've gone in and been able to rationalize what I would call less effective investment in price. If you kind of think back to 1 year ago in this quarter, we had quite a bit of activity going around retail relationships and some challenges that we had in different places and, in response to that, some investments and some spending promotionally that in hindsight, as you look back now on, it probably didn't have the ROI that we would expect or at the level that we would want it to be. 
So there have been some places where we've been able to rationalize what I'd call less efficient spending while continuing to deploy some resources in the places where we need it. As we go forward, I think our approach on this is going to be quite balanced, where we're going to see brands in particular parts of our portfolio where I think we need to continue to be a bit more aggressive to really manage price gaps strategically, while in other places, I think there are opportunities for us perhaps to strengthen the value side of the equation, either through product, marketing or shifting mix through more margin-accretive innovation as a way to help. 
Also, price-size architecture as a tool for us going forward, I think, is going to help us. I would not expect pricing, just in the environment we're in and where the state of the business is, to be a substantial contributor to the margin of the business going forward. But I do think, as we saw in this quarter, the idea that it is able to kind of balance and moderate from where it had been a more substantial headwind in the first part of the year, I do think is not an impractical assumption. And again, I think we'll talk a little bit about the business in more details on where some of those price gaps are a bit more, I think, in need of support, while a couple of places where I think we need to do more of the job and more of the heavy lifting on really strengthening our product marketing and support.

Yes. I mean we were -- it was a very limited list of list prices, [ room ]...

A little bit in soup. Where we had strong commodity-related cost increases is where we took it, so not a broad-scale list price increase but some selective pricing, which again, I think in this environment, being able to even get it on a selective basis in the portfolio is a good positive statement.

Yes.

I think that's right. If you look in the quarter, a couple of things that stand out in soup. First, let's set the context again. First half of the year, and I'll talk to in-market because we've talked a little bit about the noise below consumption that's translating into a little better net sales number in the quarter than the in-market. But we essentially moved from the first half of the year where we were declining in market at about 6%, I think 5.5%, in that range, to just under 3%, around 2.6% in the quarter. 
But the big difference is -- or the places that were the most substantial improvement were in a couple of areas. First, on condensed, which had been declining about 6%, that decline reduced to about 2%. And again, I think part of this has been driven by the reorientation to some support selectively around the cooking business and the ability to drive some relevance in occasions beyond just soup eating, but also some of the usage strategy around it. So that's one of the areas that I think is encouraging. 
I think the second area is the Well Yes! business and the launch of the sippable format. That has been and continues to be strong evidence, albeit a relatively small scale right now, but the opportunity for that to bring new consumers into the brand and into the aisle is very encouraging. And as you might imagine, I think our ability to scale that up going forward is going to be important. 
And then I think you have great momentum from a category standpoint on broth. And I think our ability to use our leadership position and strengthen the differentiation while making sure our price gaps are right, which is probably an area where we've got some work to do, is another encouraging kind of baseline, but with an opportunity to do more as we go forward. And I already talked a little bit about Chunky, which again, I certainly wouldn't call it bright, but decent response to some of the things that we've done. 
And so I think those were the areas in the quarter that you can kind of bridge, if you will, what changed from the first half to the third quarter. Now I think we build upon those learnings as we start to fuel what the 2020 soup season will look like and how do we bring to bear all of those learnings, both positively and negatively, to try to get the right plan in place so that we can validate some of this ability to strengthen the trajectory.