Thank you, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, we'll discuss our results in the quarter and our updated outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. I'll also detail the actions we're taking to improve our execution and performance in the second half of this year while advancing the long-term transformation of Campbell in response to changing consumer and retailer dynamics.
This was a difficult quarter for the company. Our performance was below our expectations. Organic sales declined 2%, driven primarily by ongoing disappointing results in U.S. soup and Campbell Fresh. Adjusted EBIT decreased 4%. I'll provide a brief overview now and additional details when I share my perspective on our segment performance in a moment.
Soup sales declined 7% in the quarter, modestly below what we expected. The issue with the key customer, which we last discussed with you in November, continued to negatively impact our U.S. soup sales this quarter. I'm encouraged that we're engaging in ongoing discussions with this key customer and making progress. 
The anticipated improvement in Campbell Fresh's performance did not materialize as we expected, with sales declining 1%. While we're making progress in addressing several execution issues, we face new challenges in the quarter with headwinds in the super-premium juice segment. Additionally, the carrot yield issue we discussed last quarter extended into the second quarter.
The decline in adjusted EBIT reflected the performance of U.S. soup, cost of carrot increases in C-Fresh and significantly higher transportation and logistics costs, which are impacting all of our U.S. businesses. While we initially expected transportation costs to moderate throughout the year, the challenges have proved more persistent than originally anticipated. And we now expect it to continue to impact the business for the remainder of the year.
This morning, we updated our fiscal 2018 guidance, reflecting our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year, the completion of the Pacific Foods acquisition and the impact of the recently enacted tax reform legislation. We intend to use future proceeds from the lower tax rate to invest in innovation, particularly in health and well-being and snacking, and to accelerate our e-commerce activities. Anthony will take you through the details of our updated guidance in a few minutes.
Finally, I want to touch on the status of our multiyear cost-savings program. We continued to deliver meaningful savings, and I'm pleased to say we've identified additional opportunities that have enabled us to increase our savings target from $450 million to $500 million by the end of fiscal 2020.
Now let's talk about our performance across our divisions. Let's start with Americas Simple Meals and Beverages. Sales and operating earnings both declined in the quarter. The decline in the top line was driven primarily by the performance of U.S. soup and V8 beverages. U.S. soup sales declined 7%, an improvement from the first quarter of the fiscal year but still slightly below our expectations for this quarter. Nearly all of the decline was a result of the key customer issue referenced earlier. We've kept an open and positive dialogue with this customer and are making progress. I recognize that you likely have many questions about soup, but I know that you understand that we don't discuss details about specific customers. What I can tell you is that based on recent developments, we now expect sales declines in soup to moderate in the second half.
In the balance of the marketplace, we delivered better performance in soup as our program was well received and consumer takeaway was up slightly. In particular, the Well Yes! and Slow Kettle lines continued to perform well.
We're pleased to have completed the acquisition of Pacific Foods in the quarter, and we're moving quickly to integrate the finance, supply chain and quality functions. Pacific complements our portfolio by adding a differentiated brand with organic and functional attributes in soup, broth and plant-based beverages that appeal to consumers seeking health and well-being benefits.
Turning to beverages. Our V8 portfolio remained challenged, and sales of V8 declined in the quarter. The shelf-stable beverage category continues to face headwinds. Despite the overall sales decline, we continued to see positive consumption trends in V8 +Energy. We're focused on reinvigorating the brand with innovation that connects our vegetable nutrition equities with the functional benefits consumers are seeking, focusing on our profitable V8 Original and V8 +Energy lines.
Now let's turn to Campbell Fresh. In the quarter, sales declined 1%, and we recorded a loss of $11 million. This performance was below our expectations. As I mentioned at the outset, the C-Fresh team has made progress in overcoming several of its operational challenges, namely we've improved beverage and carrot quality, addressed capacity constraints in beverages, and returned the CPG business to competitive promotional levels. However, our progress was slowed in the quarter by new challenges in the super premium juice segment as we continued to experience higher carrot costs due to the yield issues we discussed last year.
Let's start with beverages. The headwinds in the super premium juice segment are multifaceted. We believe the primary drivers are concerns about sugar and consumers migrating to functional beverages that deliver benefits such as protein, gut health, energy and hydration. Several customers recently reset their premium juice category, reducing space in the super premium segment. Because of these resets and our previous supply constraints, Bolthouse Farms lost some shelf space, which hurt beverage sales in the quarter. 
To address this, we're launching our most robust beverage innovation line in 2 years. Our upcoming beverage innovation suite is designed to address the sugar issue and evolve our beverage portfolio to be in step with consumer preferences. We believe it will begin to rejuvenate the super-premium segment by introducing functional benefits at an affordable price point as well as expand our footprint in the ultra-premium segment. We're launching 19 beverage SKUs this spring compared to just 3 a year ago. Notably, we just started shipping the new Bolthouse Farms B Line, which consists of 8 varieties: B Strong and B Balanced delivers great taste, functional benefits and reduced sugar. B Strong is a protein drink with 70% less sugar than other leading brands, and B Balanced smoothies contains 50% less sugar than other brands. The B Line has been well received by customers as it meets the consumer preferences for reduced sugar and functional benefits. 
Additionally, we're building on the initial success of our alternative dairy drink, Bolthouse Farms Plant Protein Milk, by expanding our plant-based offerings in the ultra-premium segment with 3 new protein varieties of 1915 by Bolthouse Farms. We expect our spring beverage innovations will drive improved performance in the second half.
Now an update on farms. While sales of carrot and carrot ingredients increased 3% in the quarter, the yield issue we experienced earlier in the year extended into the second quarter. As we discussed in November, our carrot crops were negatively impacted by adverse weather, which resulted in extremely low yields and caused us to place customers on allocation. We came off allocation in December, as planned, but the lingering effects of this issue drove higher carrot costs and impacted profit in the second quarter.
In the back half, our plans call for improved performance in Campbell Fresh. In support of our beverage innovation, we'll launch new marketing and promotional campaigns to improve CPG performance. We also remain focused on executing our quality strategy in carrots and delivering supply-chain productivity improvements.
At the highest level, we know that consumer preferences for fresh and healthier food continues to be strong, and we remain confident in the growth potential of the packaged fresh category. We're focused on improving our execution and returning C-Fresh to profitable growth.
Finally, our Global Biscuits and Snacks division. This division continues to deliver consistent performance, especially Pepperidge Farm. In the quarter, sales growth was primarily driven by the continued solid performance of Pepperidge Farm and gains in Kelsen in China. In Pepperidge Farm, I'm pleased with the top line performance of snacks, where both crackers and cookies contributed to gains and grew share in the quarter. Our cracker portfolio outpaced the category behind continued strong performance from the Goldfish brand. And in our cookie portfolio, the Farmhouse line, which delivers great taste with simple, recognizable ingredients, continued to perform well.
Outside the U.S., Kelsen delivered solid sales performance in China. I'm encouraged with the progress we've made in becoming a more consumer-focused operation and improving our logistics, supply chain and the management of our expanded distribution network. This quarter, we had a strong sell-in for Chinese New Year, and our distributors delivered well-executed merchandising programs leading up to the holiday, which is being celebrated today. The division's operating earnings were impacted by rising inflation, particularly significantly higher prices for butter, which we're addressing through pricing actions and supply-chain productivity improvements. 
Overall, I feel good about our performance in Global Biscuits and Snacks, and I'm confident that this team will continue to drive our core business while integrating Snyder’s-Lance into Campbell. We now expect to complete the Snyder’s-Lance transaction by the end of the first calendar quarter.
In closing, this was a difficult quarter, and I'm not satisfied with our performance. We're continuing to take actions to improve our execution and expect better results in the second half. We've made progress with our key customer around soup, and we now expect sales declines in soup to moderate in the second half. We have plans in place to combat the headwinds in the super-premium beverage category segment and expand our presence in the ultra-premium segment of the market. We expect our robust beverage innovation and marketing to lead to improved performance in the back half for Campbell Fresh. We're driving continued momentum in Global Biscuits and Snacks, with strong performance in Pepperidge Farm. We're moving quickly to integrate Pacific Foods into Campbell. We're successfully executing our cost-savings program and have identified new savings opportunities. And we're making the necessary investments to drive growth, including accelerating our e-commerce efforts with increased levels of activity and investing in long-term disruptive innovation.
Despite challenges in the quarter, we've made significant progress toward our long-term strategy to transform Campbell's portfolio in the faster-growing spaces of health and well-being and snacking. In particular, the pending Snyder’s-Lance acquisition will be the largest acquisition in our history. Snacking is a category we know extremely well, and the acquisition complements Pepperidge Farm, which has been one of our best long-term performing businesses. We're confident that the Snyder’s-Lance acquisition will deliver significant shareholder value. 
Campbell will look altogether different once we complete this transaction. The addition of Snyder’s-Lance will have a transformational impact on Campbell, adding $2.2 billion in annual net sales. As a result, Snacking will represent approximately 46% of our total company net sales. We're acting with urgency to transform Campbell. I'm confident that the steps we're taking will gain traction and lead to improved performance. 
I look forward to answering your questions in a few moments and to seeing many of you at CAGNY next week, where we will share additional information on our strategic transformation. But first, let me turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Anthony DiSilvestro.

Yes. Well, as you know, in the first half, and particularly in this quarter, we did have U.S. soup sales declines. And if you look at our consumption, it was minus 3%. Our sales were down 7%. The consumption in the rest of the market was positive. And so the rest of the market, the soup programs actually were very well received. As we go into the second half, given the positive conversations we've had, we expect a much more normal promotion schedule in the second half of the year and, therefore, our soup declines to moderate in the second half. And that's pretty much all I can say about it.

Yes, that's about 5 questions in 1, but let me take a crack at it. What we have going on in the second half of the year is we have much more robust innovation in beverages, coupled with our supply constraints behind us and a normal promotional schedule. It's the first time that we had all 3 legs of the stool going for us, and that's why we're optimistic that we can make significant gains in the beverage business in the back half of the year. And the rest of our CPG business in Campbell Fresh is positive growth. So getting beverages back to growth and continuing that momentum in the other parts of the business -- and that's the higher-margin part of the business, is an important idea. In carrots, carrots and carrot ingredients actually grew. However, because of the yield issue we had due to the adverse weather, it cost us more and, therefore, affected our profitability. Given that, we have very robust plans in the supply chain, and with improve productivity, to make margin improvements in this business. And we are very, very focused on executing those. So the growth of the top line in the CPG business, coupled with the improvement of margins from the supply chain and productivity programs, should give us a much more profitable growth algorithm on this business.

Yes, and that's a very constructive question. And there have been lessons learned from the acquisitions, particularly that one. First of all, what we learned was that it's really an imperative to integrate supply train and quality earlier, in fact right out of the gate. Campbell's has a very high standard, as you know, and with what we went through in the Bolthouse Farms situation, we believe that, that's an imperative. And we are doing that with Pacific as we speak, and we will do that with Snyder’s-Lance after we close. I think second of all, the carrot business was much more volatile than what we expected. This is fresh food, and there's no roof over the factory of a carrot field. And so we're getting much better at recognizing what are the early warnings in that business. And so -- but that proved to be more volatile. There won't be any necessarily lessons learned from that because the Snyder’s-Lance acquisition and the Pacific acquisition are in categories that we have a lot more experience in. And then I think the third lesson is make sure you get the right people in the right place early, and so we're applying that philosophy going forward.

Sure. I think it's really obvious when you look at consumer trends that there have been fundamental changes in consumers' preferences in the beverage category. Our competitive advantage in V8 is that we are vegetable based. And in our 100% Vegetable Juice and in our V8 +Energy, which is powered by green tea, we actually have performed pretty well. It's where we've had the combination of a fruit and vegetable, which is higher in sugar, that we've been affected. And in the super-premium segment of the fresh business, we have now realized there is the same shift going on. And that's why we've been very proactive in anticipating that shift and are able to launch a pretty extensive line of great tasting, reduced sugar, with functional benefit beverages. And we've got more in the pipeline where that came from. So I feel really good that we're on top of the consumer trends. It is happening not only in juice, but it's happening throughout beverage world. And the beverage business is profitable for us, and we consider it a good part of our portfolio.

Yes. We spent a lot of time with our revenue management and working with our customers on the right pricing and promotion plans. In fact, we go into that, our joint business planning, now through June with our key customers to work through that. We have to pay attention to the marketplace changes, and this category is price elastic. So that's an important thing to pay attention to. And there are some different dynamics, depending upon whether you're working with condensed soup, RTS or broth. But all of that is taken into consideration as we plan our next season.

There actually is quite a bit of promotional activity through the third quarter. I would say it starts to wane in the fourth quarter. And yes, we're anticipating that our promotional schedule will be more normal in the back half and in the first half of next year.

I mean, the only way I can answer that is that, again, we go through joint business planning with all of our customers, and we work through what our pricing and programs are going to be for the upcoming season. This is annual, in addition to shelving and merchandising, and that practice hasn't changed.

Yes. I mean, there's no question about the fact that there's different kinds of competition that are coming into the marketplace. And we've anticipated that competition. I mean, Well Yes! is a perfect example of where we co-created a brand with the consumer that was -- who was desiring a great-tasting, clean-label, recognizable ingredients soup. And we were able to put that out in the market, and that brand has done very, very well. I can also go to Slow Kettle, which fulfills the need for a convenient, heartier, a little bit more premium dinner soup. And so I think that dynamic hasn't changed. If you listen to the consumer, there are still ways to satisfy that consumer as their preferences evolve in this category and do that at a good margin.

Yes. Absolutely.

Yes. Well, the way we're looking at it is private label grew share slightly but -- in condensed and RTS, it grew share slightly, but it's still below average and relatively small. Where private label has been more impactful has been in the broth business. And what we have done is recognize that we have a differentiated product with Swanson, and we need to talk more about our product differentiation and continue to differentiate that product. In addition, the acquisition of Pacific Foods gives us a highly differentiated organic and functional broth product that we believe will set us up to satisfy different consumer needs.