Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us today.
This morning, I will make high-level comments about our combined results for ease of comparison to our most recently provided sales and earnings guidance. Anthony will bridge the various components of our results, including both continuing and discontinued operations, given the sale of Campbell Fresh and the pending divestitures of the Campbell International businesses. 
I'm pleased to say that in the fourth quarter, we continue to do what we said we would. This quarter showed meaningful improvement in our performance sequentially and versus a year ago across many measures. Additionally, Q4 completes a fiscal year where we've made material progress on our strategic plan across the business. 
First and foremost, it starts with our performance. We are delivering results that are aligned with or exceeding our expectations, which is a critical first step in our journey to sustainable, profitable growth. We've demonstrated improved operating discipline, and this marks the fourth consecutive quarter this year that we have met or exceeded our own financial goals. It also marks the first quarter we delivered top line, gross margin and EPS growth in the year. Definitely a great way to finish. 
Second, we are well on our way to completing the divestitures of the noncore businesses we identified last year, shedding the underperforming fresh businesses that added complexity to the portfolio and working toward closing on the 2 transactions related to Campbell International, both of which are expected to close in the first half of fiscal '20. This will do 2 critical things: it will improve our balance sheet; and better focus the business. In total, we expect net proceeds of approximately $3 billion from these transactions, which will be used to significantly reduce our debt. 
Finally, we've also developed a new straightforward strategy, which brings clear focus on 1 geography and 2 core businesses. It's a simple yet powerful concept that enables us to concentrate our resources and investment on the things that matter most. This includes returning resources and innovation to our iconic meals and beverage brands, like our Campbell Soup business, and accelerating support on our unique and differentiated snacking portfolio, including the Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance brands. 
We have accomplished a great deal this year, and I'm very satisfied with our progress. We have clearly stabilized the company from where we were a year ago and delivered improved performance over the course of the year. By no means are we declaring victory. We have much to do to continue to strengthen our businesses, improve our marketing and innovation and demonstrate executional excellence consistently. However, the actions we have taken have removed a great deal of unpredictability around our business and created a solid foundation to build upon going forward. 
Now let's cover Q4 in more detail on Slide 6. This is the best quarter we have delivered in terms of performance versus prior year and provide some encouragement for the potential of our new focused portfolio, demonstrating what the business is capable of delivering. 
Looking at our combined results in the quarter. Sales increased 2%. Performance in the quarter reflected continued strength in the snacks segment where organic sales increased 4% with contributions coming from across the business. In fact, we grew or held share in 8 of our top 9 snack power brands. Meanwhile, the Meals and Beverages business continued to stabilize, delivering 1% organic sales growth. 
We also made progress on gross margin in the quarter, another important proof point in our turnaround. Adjusted gross margin increased 60 basis points in the quarter, a material improvement versus the third quarter year-to-date, which was down significantly. 
We have also continued to successfully deliver our multiyear enterprise cost savings program. This quarter, we achieved $45 million in savings, including the Snyder’s-Lance synergies. For the year, that brings our total savings to $165 million from continuing operations. We have achieved $560 million in savings program to date and continue to track to our cumulative savings target of $850 million by the end of fiscal '22. 
Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion, reflecting major improvements in working capital as we continue to demonstrate increased discipline and effectiveness in optimizing our working capital. 
Turning to a discussion of our segments on Slide 8. Let's start with Meals and Beverages, which continued to stabilize. Results improved this quarter with organic sales up 1% behind the performance of soup, Prego and Pace. Declines in operating earnings moderated as we continue to drive base enablers and benefited from our selective pricing actions, which were more than offset by cost inflation. While we are encouraged by the performance to finish the year, we do not want to get ahead of ourselves. As we told you at Investor Day, there is much work ahead in fiscal '20. We still expect some volatility as we invest in the business and also make important choices to strengthen the portfolio for the future. 
In U.S. soup, sales increased 3%, with gains in condensed and ready-to-serve soups, which is encouraging. Obviously, the fourth quarter is the smallest of the year, and it's important to keep in mind that we are wrapping significant declines from a year ago. However, it's also great to see end market consumption increase 1.4% in the quarter with strong performance across the portfolio. This represents a significant improvement over the first 3 quarters. 
Turning to Slide 9. Across the board, we made progress with our fiscal '19 soup plans, which called for improving the fundamentals of the business, including improved retail engagement, pricing and promotion and marketing. This is the foundation we'll build upon as we execute the next phase of the plans in fiscal '20 and fiscal '21. As we said, we're taking a full swing at soup with an integrated and holistic plan. 
Here's how we're thinking about soup over the next 2 years. In fiscal '20 on the plus side, we'll be injecting much needed investment in the businesses across quality, marketing and selective merchandising, including returning our highly relevant Pacific brand to growth. We also hope to validate the new vision for the soup aisle that was outlined at Investor Day, while continuing to strengthen important retailer relationships. We do expect some mitigating headwinds as we continue to rationalize the portfolio and increase some unsustainable promoted price points. As we've  said previously, we expect a more stable soup business in fiscal '20, with an improved trajectory in fiscal '21 that builds upon the F '20 learnings and increases an investment in areas that are working or redirects as necessary, complemented by a more robust innovation pipeline. This change will not happen overnight. The soup plan is a 3-year journey with fiscal '20 being the second phase. 
In other parts of the division, I'm pleased with the performance of our sauces business. As we outlined in June, we have work to do on the Prego and Pace brands, but they are responding well to the renewed focus and support. Prego delivered strong end market performance in the quarter with consumption growth and share gains. In fact, Prego has regained the share lead in the pasta sauce category, adding another #1 brand to our roster. Meanwhile, Pace performed well in Q4, fueled by increased merchandising and effective customer programs. 
Turning to V8. The shelf-stable beverages category remained under pressure. While there are challenges in this business, its foundation is strong, and its plant-based positioning is on trend. V8 is the #1 vegetable juice in the U.S. and the #2 overall branded shelf-stable juice. We are continuing to work our way through some of the more disadvantaged parts of the portfolio, particularly Splash, which is driving the majority of the decline in the quarter, and reshaping this business around the plant-based consumer macro trend and our single-serve business. That's our biggest opportunity with V8 Original and the differentiated V8 + Energy and hydration lines, all of which tap into the plant-driven benefits consumers are seeking. 
Let's take a look at our snacks segment on Slide 11. This was another very good quarter for the business as we continue to drive strong sales performance with organic sales increasing 4%. I feel very good about the steady progress of the integration of the businesses, building on the complementary strengths of Pepperidge Farm and Snyder’s-Lance. This year, we have overdelivered our value capture, while simultaneously unlocking the growth potential of this unique and differentiated portfolio by maintaining our momentum in Pepperidge Farm and applying our proven growth model to Snyder’s-Lance. 
Our performance was balanced across snacks. As I mentioned earlier, 8 of our 9 power snack brands grew or maintained share in the quarter. The snacks business is really hitting its stride on both the top and bottom line behind increased marketing investments to fuel sales growth and efficiencies and enablers benefiting operating profit. 
I continue to be impressed with the proven growth model with Pepperidge Farm. This marks the 19th consecutive quarter of organic growth at Pepperidge with sales again increasing mid-single digits behind strong marketplace performance across all the major brands. Goldfish continued to perform well with increases on the core business. Fresh bakery continued its strong growth trajectory fueled by the renovation of Swirl and new line extensions on buns and rolls. Farmhouse cookies also had double-digit consumption gains. 
Now let's turn to the Snyder's-Lance side of the portfolio. Marketplace performance was improved this quarter, especially against our power brands. In particular, we're very pleased with the response of Cape Cod and Kettle to increase marketing, which drove consumption and share growth. In addition, the new campaign in Snyder's of Hanover is making a material difference as that business continues to improve. 
Now on Slide 13, beyond the power brands that we're investing in for growth, the Snyder's-Lance portfolio also includes what have been historically referred to as partner brands, brands that we distribute but do not own; and allied brands, regional brands that we own but are noncore. Both play a very important role by providing distribution, scale and efficiency. We remain committed to this business, but in the quarter, our snacks results include about a 1 point headwind from these brands. Within this business, there are nearly 2,000 SKUs. We're going to better prioritize select partners to reduce complexity and improve execution, while maintaining the vast majority of this business. Looking ahead, we expect a similar headwind in fiscal '20. 
Let's dig into the progress of our integration and value capture. I'm more than satisfied with the pace and progress of the integration. In fact, we overdelivered synergies every quarter this year. The overdelivery in the quarter and for the full year is the result of very strong performance in the 3 areas we've discussed previously: synergies and procurement, specifically packaging; the consolidation of the sales headquarters and related operations; and driving operational efficiency in manufacturing. In addition, the leadership team continues to do an excellent job in building a winning culture across the combined businesses. 
Next on Slide 15, I want to provide what should be one of our final updates on the divestitures we identified last August. In June, we announced the agreement to sell the Kelsen business to an affiliate of Ferrero. And in August, we announced the sale of the rest of Campbell International to KKR. We expect these divestitures to be completed in the first half of fiscal '20. 
The sale of Campbell International was a long and complex process, but we are confident that the end result generated the greatest value from these assets. In total, we will receive $2.5 billion for the Campbell International businesses. When you combine that with the divestiture of the fresh businesses, we expect total net proceeds of approximately $3 billion, which will be used to significantly reduce our debt. In addition to improving the balance sheet, the divestiture of these businesses allow us to focus our resources on our 2 core North American businesses, which is already having a positive impact on our efficiency and performance. 
As we outlined at Investor Day, fiscal '19 was a reset year and fiscal '20 will be a year of stabilization, which will include the investments we need to better support the businesses going forward. This translates to what I would characterize as relatively flat with some areas of modest improvement. This guidance reflects the next step in our journey to sustainable, profitable growth. 
As I'm sure, you all read in our press release yesterday, we announced that Anthony DiSilvestro will be leaving Campbell. This will be his final call as the Chief Financial Officer of the Campbell Soup Company. He will be succeeded by Mick Beekhuizen who is joining us from Chobani. The start of the new fiscal year and the near completion of the divestiture provides an opportune time to make this change. Anthony will stay onboard until mid-October to ensure we have smooth and seamless transition to Mick. 
Anthony has made many important contributors during his more than 2 decades with Campbell. He's enjoyed a remarkable career and played a significant role in shaping the company. I want to personally thank him for his partnership over the last several months in getting me up to speed on the business, for his leadership on the divestitures and driving the cost savings program and for the excellence and execution that has contributed to our improved performance this year. I speak for all of our employees and the Board when I wish Anthony the best as he moves on from Campbell. 
With that, let me turn it over to Anthony.

Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Well, let me start with the soup question first. And maybe it'll be helpful to give a little bit of context on what we're seeing in the marketplace right now and then how that kind of leads into the 2020 assumptions. So on the positive side, a couple things that we're finding are very helpful. And it was great to see -- albeit the summer and the fourth quarter, it was great to see growth on soup. It's the first time in quite a number of years that we've been able to drive growth on the business. And I think if you look under what's really driving that, I think there's 3 things. The first is the power of partnering again with our retailers to really collaborate with them on creating a vision and direction for the category and for the business. And I think, in many ways, that is translating into far better performance in market, better merchandising, better reflection of our innovation that we do have and a good understanding of the right merchandising and pricing combination. 
I think the other thing that's been very effective has been the almost relaunch of Well Yes! behind a convenience platform. In the fourth quarter, that business was up 34% and added 0.3 of a share point. And so although we're light on innovation, as we've said in the past, I think the things that we are doing are working well. And so I would expect those positive drivers to carry forward into the 2020 season with the addition of a couple meaningful adds to that. So our marketing and the strength of both the investment levels as well as the quality of that communication, I'm very excited about as well as the investment in quality and some additional investments in pricing and the shelf, while we continue to cultivate those relationships with partners -- our retail partners as we go forward. I do think, though, there are a couple of headwinds that will moderate that, and I'll get to the kind of benchmarks at the end. 
If you look under the results today, you do see a fair amount of contribution in the headwinds related to distribution. So where this is coming from is some of the flankers on the ready-to-serve side as well as, what I would call, some of the tail, if you will, of the condensed business. The majority of this distribution loss is not regrettable losses, but it is providing a bit of a headwind to the business. I do think that will moderate as we go through 2020, but I do expect still some headwinds from that. 
And then on the merchandising side, it will be a little bit of a balancing act. I expect to see us more aggressive on businesses like broth, where we're seeing a lot more competitive tension, especially with private label. And I would see promoted prices in some places where there are just unsustainable levels going off, which I know, and as we expect in the near term, we'll see a little bit of headwind from there. 
So as you go into the season, I think you'll want to look for: one, the executional performance of seeing the additional supported merchandising and market, the quality of that, the improvement on the products and the improved quality on the businesses as well as a more balanced approach to pricing. And my expectation is that you should expect them to see a more stable performance through the season. I certainly am hoping and I think if we hit things on all cylinders, we'll see improvement in share as well. But I also think we're being prudent in setting expectations in a balanced way as we really validate some of the work we're doing. But I think, going through the season, if you were to see a more stable performance and an improving trajectory on share, I think that would be a successful season and I think a great proof point on this next iteration of the business going forward. 
And then Anthony, I don't know if you want to take the second question. We can kind of do it together probably.

Yes. I just would say, Andrew, as you think about that, though, one of the things we've tried to do in this plan is there's a little bit, in my mind, I would say, flexibility that we want relative to pricing and making sure that our price gaps remain within the targets that we want them. So I think we've -- as you'll note from how we've laid out guidance, we've stopped short of guiding directly to gross margin because I do think we want a little bit of that flexibility. But I think the general balance of investment, as it relates to inflation and productivity, as Anthony laid out, is right. All I would say is I want to leave us a little bit of flexibility where that investment might land, depending on how we see the environment unfold. Does that make sense?

Yes. Thanks, Ken. I think that the point of it was I do think it's more about the 11%, which is the partner in allied brands. I know everybody is familiar, in general, with what those are, but we haven't talked a lot about it. And I think as we've gone through it, we've now spent a year or so running it, we recognize the importance of that business. But I also would say there is a tremendous amount of complexity that's inherent with that. If you think about the addition, as I've said in my comments, of almost 2,000 SKUs that we're trying to manage, what I would tell you is there's some really good parts of that business and there's some other parts that are very low margin, adds a lot of complexity. And I think as we go forward and we really want to get this business set for the future, we're going to balance that, so focus on the parts of it that we really see as enhancing that efficiency and scale as it was originally set up to do. And there's probably some parts of that, that we'll rationalize going forward. And I know a lot of times, as we reconcile the growth rate on snacks, for example, in this particular quarter, our power brands on Snyder’s-Lance grew 3% in market, while the total Snyder’s-Lance business was up about 1.5% or so. And that difference, I think, is important just to understand that going forward, as I would expect that to continue going forward. 
The balance of the noncore businesses, which are primarily our Emerald nuts business and our Pop Secret business are actually been pretty stable contributors. And right now, we'll always kind of review the portfolio and look at the longer-term desire to have the optimal mix. I think, right now, we're feeling pretty good with that base business as we move forward, and we'll continue to look at it. But more importantly, for us, I think, in this messaging was really about understanding the partner in allied brands a little better.

I think overall, it's -- I would say it's going very well. And in fact, I think, in many ways, it's a little harder to quantify this as you get into the journey. But the reality is, I think, in many ways, we've been absent from the dialogue strategically with our customers on the vision and the future for these businesses. And I think as we're getting back to the table really rolling up our sleeves and starting to see investment come and a focus in a very different way, the receptiveness to work together has been very, very positive. And I think a lot of times, we've talked about the challenges in soup as a category. But remember, the significance of how big this category is and what it represents for center of store for most of the retailer universe, it's critical that there is a vision and a plan for this. And so as you look, again, it's the summer quarter. But as you look at the quarter like Q4, where you see overall positive response not just in our business, but also improvement in the overall category, it goes a long ways to keep people interested and engaged. 
Now I will say, I think as perhaps as appropriate, I think a lot of the retail universe wants to see the results as, I think, all of us in the effectiveness of some of the programs and the plans we're doing. But as far as where we are in the journey right now and where we've come from, I really could not be more pleased with the receptiveness and the collaboration of our retail partners.

Yes. I mean I think as we get to more stable footing, we will continue to look at the best deployment of capital. And again, I think, all of those are areas that we will continue to explore and make sure that we're trying to optimize value, while also -- again, I've said this before, although I think it will come in a very different context, perhaps, than where we've been in the immediate past, but I do think there are going to likely be some opportunities for some tuck-in M&A as well. And as we go forward, we'll begin to frame that in a little bit more clarity. But I do think I'd stop short to say right now what the priorities are. But of course, our focus is going to be on maximizing shareholder value, and we'll continue to look at all those options and working with the Board to find the plans going forward. But certainly, it is good. 
And I think in many ways, as I think about '19 as we complete the year, I think one of the strongest elements of that -- of this year has been that we have taken a lot of that uncertainty for the business off the table. And so whether that is the balance sheet, whether that is a much more diverse portfolio as it relates to international and the fresh business, I think the good news for us is our core business now and the predictability of it relative to the variables that we're controlling, I feel really good about that. And I think that -- I hope that will also be a strong statement for investors as well as you're thinking about how to view our business going forward. And although we've got some important proof points in '20 to deliver, taking some of that downside off the table, I think, is a very good progress for us in a year that saw a lot of moving parts.

Yes. I think so, Jason. We're watching closely. I mean one of the things we are realizing, though, is that -- and even if you look at this last quarter, we've been kind of, I would say, running a bit in front of consumption with our net sales and our shipments. And part of that is a little bit of what we're lapping from a year ago, but it is also a little bit of the recognition that, as we strengthen our merchandising programs, the inventory levels that retailers are needing to support that is a little bit higher than it might have been historically. But I do expect as we get into '20 to have a more normalized year on that. You'll always see a bit of inventory that's going to build in front of the season just because of the step-up in display and merchandising. But I do think, as we kind of manage through the year, I don't think you'll see quite the volatility up and down as we did in '19.

Yes. So a couple of things just to ground back on the numbers. So the $70 million we talked about was the soup investment. Overall, if you include the snacks business and the broader Meals and Beverages business, it's a bigger number. What we said was about a half -- about half of our cost savings target over the next couple of years is what we've carved out, if you will, as the investment dollars we're planning. I do think you'll see that a bit more front-loaded in 2020 as we talked about it, which is a little bit of why I think the calibration of a more neutral year is expected. 
On Meals and Beverage, I do think there continues to be some puts and takes. We are encouraged by the support that we're seeing across the businesses. But we do have some work, as we've said, to make sure that we're doing the right things to set up the portfolio for the future, while getting that investment in place. And again, I do think an important aspect of this will be the contribution from innovation, which really is more of a '21 factor. 
I also think we're trying to be a bit pragmatic in how we're positioning expectations as we validate some of the work that we're doing. And I think the good news is if we're successful more comprehensively on many of these things, I do think you'll see an improvement in that Meals and Beverages business as we go forward. And I think we will continue to update milestones along the way. But certainly, seeing the performance on soup, seeing improvement in Prego and Pace, although V8 is still showing declines, I would tell you that the primary driver of that decline is Splash as we work through how we want to position that business for the future, which is including some rationalization on distribution and really trying to get that to a business that we think is the appropriate manageable level, while we then pivot on support for the more plant-based messaging that we see on the core V8 business as well as the V8+, which is energy and hydration, and our single-serve can business. 
So again, I think we've got really clear roadmaps now for these businesses. And I certainly hope that we continue to perform well. But I do think I want to be a bit balanced as we go forward until we validate some of this effort and some of the work. Does that make sense, Chris?

Yes. I think it's really savings more quickly. So I think we've been able to execute on a few initiatives ahead of pace. I don't think it's truly incremental to the program, but I do think we're obviously continuing to keep that pressure on as we go into '20 to continue to try to move initiatives as fast as we can, as we want to unlock that and as that's the fuel for the investment that we need on the business. We're pleased that we're getting to it sooner, but I would not say that we're seeing it as truly incremental savings for the overall program.

Yes. Great question. So your depiction of the pricing is exactly right. So to give you a little bit more color on that, I do think, especially as you look at our Chunky business, I would say we -- in the absence of some of the support in marketing, I think some of the promoted price points that we've seen are more aggressive than what I would say is appropriate and sustainable. I mean one of the things that as I've said before that's quite powerful about Chunky is the quality of that product and its ability to really be -- to beat essentially any of the other ready-to-eat soups on a quality perspective. And so when we're dealing it so deep on price, I just don't think that's the right platform. Now what we will try to do is balance a little bit of that with some frequency and then, of course, a much more robust marketing program around it. And I think, though, and as we've all seen this before, I also don't want to overset those expectations, as I know there will be some, perhaps, short-term impact of that as we move often. But it's absolutely the right thing to do to create the margin stability and really the positioning of the brand going forward. 
Conversely, I think if you look at broth, where we're seeing the greatest amounts of competition, I think there, although I'm not -- I would not say we want to get deeper on promoted price points, I do think our frequency has opportunity to increase as we make sure that those price gaps, especially in critical parts of the season, are more competitive. And so I think on both the broth business and selectively on condensed where we still see a little bit of outlier as it relates to particular price gaps, I think you'll continue to see us, again, not so much on lowering absolute price points, but adding appropriate frequency on merchandising. So that's the balancing act on pricing. 
And your second question is actually a great combination to that discussion on pricing, which is quality. So the places where I think we have the greatest competitive pressure, whether it's on broth or whether it's on condensed, is where you're going to see a significant step-up in quality. And that will come both from some product improvements and investment. So think of enhancing ingredients. And again, as I've said in Investor Day, we're really focused on our 4 core SKUs and flavors on condensed, which are cream of mushroom, cream of chicken, chicken noodle and tomato. So across all 4 of those, you will see a combination of improvement in quality, while also really heightening some of the inherent benefits of the products within the existing formulations that, we think, are much stronger differentiation than we've been using in the past. Whether that is double stock and simmer time on broth, whether it's 6 tomatoes in every can of tomato soup, there's a variety of things that we think we can really use to help. And we've done extensive research now, too, to really understand, especially on our lapsed users. So the consumers that are either trading the lower-price offerings or departing our segments, what is really driving that behavior, and we've targeted the quality improvements to really try to answer those questions. 
And so we're feeling really good about that. And I think most of that will be ready. As we go in the season, there will be a few of the quality improvements that will either flow in, in the back half of the season or a couple that likely won't be fully in place until '21. But I am feeling good about what we'll have to work with as we go into the '20 soup season.

It was already contemplated. But I do think, as we start to try to help everybody see the detail of the soup results, because we're all obviously going to be watching it very closely, what I'm really trying to do is make sure we're really crystal clear on what the puts and takes are and, to a certain degree, why our expectations what they are, I do think there are some elements within that distribution that, again, I do expect it to mitigate. And of course, once we get the innovation going, that's going to be a big help. But I do think there are some things within both of those businesses that I would expect to see, especially in the first half of the year.