Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, and thank you for joining our third quarter earnings call for fiscal 2022. As you read in our press release, we reported strong year-over-year performance. While expected, the performance represents a positive proof point for our continued successful execution in what remains a highly dynamic environment. Over the last several years, we've been navigating substantial headwinds, including the ongoing impact of COVID-19, labor and supply pressures, significant transformation and a rising level of inflation. The team has done a great job of controlling the controllables. We have improved our execution and strengthened our supply chain by increasing labor and capabilities while working with our retail partners to deploy inflation-driven pricing effectively and thoughtfully. 
Our results this quarter reflect this work. We delivered accelerated growth in sales driven by continued consumer demand for our brands and significantly improve supply. The underlying health of our portfolio remains strong, though, we did experience some expected share pressure due to select remaining supply constraints and private label improvement in certain categories. 
Also returning to growth were adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS, reflecting our successful efforts to mitigate inflation and recover on labor and supply. Although we expect the environment to remain challenging, we are confident that we are on a considerably stronger foundation and in a much better position to navigate the volatile macro environment moving forward. 
Our year-to-date performance and improved execution have led us to raise our previously communicated net sales guidance for the year. We are maintaining our adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS guidance for fiscal 2022 to reflect the ongoing inflation pressure. 
Now let's cover some specifics from Q3. Organic net sales were up 9%, primarily driven by the impact of our second wave of inflation-driven pricing, which is now reflected on shelf across both divisions. Our service levels also continued to recover, supported by improved labor hiring and retention, which enabled us to meet this demand, recover distribution and enable retailers to begin to rebuild product inventories. 
Volume declined in the quarter, driven by select labor and materials constraints and some price elasticities, albeit much lower than historical levels. We anticipate and have plans for similar volume trends going forward, where demand and inventory replenishment is mitigated by some ongoing materials availability and price elasticity. We are remaining vigilant on elasticities with a variety of contingency plans in place if they begin to accelerate. 
Turning to profit. Net price realization and our strength in supply chain execution offset the impact of accelerating inflation and lower volume, resulting in a 23% increase in adjusted EBIT and a 37% increase in adjusted EPS in the quarter. 
While our adjusted EBIT margin was up 190 basis points versus the prior year, I want to remind you of our challenging margin performance in the prior year quarter. I would characterize the improvement as more of a stabilization than a full recovery as the combination of our pricing actions, productivity improvements and cost savings initiatives began to catch up with the current inflation in ingredients, packaging, freight and labor. We expect continued inflation pressure going forward and have already announced a third wave of select pricing to take effect as we transition into fiscal 2023. 
Now turning to in-market performance for the quarter. We saw increased consumption across both businesses. In-market performance remained positive, up 4% versus the prior year. Net sales were 5 points ahead of consumption in the quarter, reflecting the retail inventory rebuild previously noted. On a 3-year basis, consumption grew 14%. 
Turning to Slide 8. Building on our in-market performance briefly discussed on the previous slide, we are very excited about the continued consumption and share growth of our key brands. In fact, all our key brands have grown consumption considerably over the last 3 years, with many of our most important brands at or above pre-pandemic share levels. 
That said, we experienced some short-term market share pressure on certain brands as we expected. These share losses tend to line up very closely with where our distribution levels were down. Evidence that supply was one of the key drivers of this pressure. As we continue to recover distribution and are fully supporting our portfolio, we expect to see ongoing share recovery. We are already seeing this recovery in snacks in the most recent period. 
In the quarter, we also experienced some continued share pressure from private label following their distribution recovery and the market's higher overall prices, causing some trading down.  
Turning to Meals & Beverages. I continue to be pleased by the underlying health of demand for our portfolio. Organic net sales in the division increased 9% versus prior year. Consumption grew 4% over prior year, including brands in 4 of our 5 core categories. We feel great about the progress we've made, especially when you compare this business to where we were 3 years ago prior to the pandemic, with consumption growth of 14% over that period and share gains in many of our categories.  
Let's turn to the next slide where I want to spend a moment framing how the Meals & Beverage portfolio is poised to win in the current dynamic environment of accelerating inflation and some recent trading down consumer behaviors. In times of rising inflation, out-of-home meals are the #1 occasion people cut back on. Grocery store occasions are the #1 go-to occasion when consumers feel pressure. Despite recent average prices on shelf increasing in our key categories of soup and Italian sauce in the low to mid-double digits, volumes are still elevated versus the prior year, indicating that both the soup and Italian sauce categories are staying in consumers' baskets as prices are rising. In fact, even in categories where we may be experiencing some share pressure from private label, it is consistently where consumers tend to be trading down into our categories, driving overall accelerated growth. 
As an example, in condensed soup where private label share has expanded, the category and Campbell's are growing significantly at 9% and 6%, respectively, versus the prior year. To keep fueling this growth, we are also continuing to shift our marketing message towards more value.  
Turning to our soup portfolio on Slide 11. In-market soup consumption continued to grow, increasing 5% versus prior year and 14% compared to 3 years ago. In the quarter, we continued to see strong share performance on key brands. But as expected, we did see pockets of share pressure, in particular, on condensed soup and Swanson, where inflation and slower private label pricing put some pressure on share. However, we remain very confident in our overall competitive position. 
One proof point is we are growing shares in key strategic areas like our condensed icons: chicken noodle, tomato, cream of chicken and cream of mushroom, the largest SKUs in the condensed business. In addition, overall share in condensed is up nearly 2 points versus 3 years ago prior to COVID-19, even with the most recent recovery of private label. 
Finally, on condensed, we are thrilled that we are retaining the younger millennials that we have added in the last 3 years. The share losses tend to be more concentrated in the baby boomer cohort who are a bit more price-sensitive. As a result, we are very pleased to see our new consumers remain committed to our brand and our household retention remains high.  
On our ready-to-serve, or RTS, business, share was down in the quarter due to the prioritization of core brands, Chunky and Well Yes! In fact, Chunky's strong performance resulted in 14% dollar consumption growth and nearly 2 points of share growth versus prior year. 
In the third quarter, Prego consumption increased 7% versus the prior year. Versus 3 years ago, consumption is up 25% and repeat rate up nearly 5 points. Prego also continued to maintain its share leadership in the Italian sauce category. 
For Pace, a significant recovery in service during the quarter drove share growth of 0.2 points and household penetration of plus 0.5 points and added 800,000 new households in the quarter, driven primarily by millennials versus the prior year. Versus 3 years ago, we grew consumption 14%. And we're pleased with our strong progress to date and remain confident in our ability to achieve our goals of building a $1 billion sauce business.  
As we outlined in our Investor Day in December, driving the core is critical to achieving our goals, as is meaningful innovation and smart M&A. On Slide 13, we're excited to share a glimpse into our Meals & Beverages innovation plans for fiscal 2023. 
Innovation on our business is critical. And now with supply improving, we can focus on rolling out a robust pipeline of new products. Starting with a new innovative approach to home quick scratch meals, we'll be launching our Campbell's [ flavor up! ] line. This brings a versatile concentrated flavor sauce that will enable a variety of recipes, and the consumer can control flavor intensity and portions, a quick meal for one or a convenient family dinner. 
Prego will also be expanding its lineup in fiscal 2023 as consumers continue to eat more at home to save money and seek value in the current inflationary environment. Younger consumers especially are seeking new specialty flavors and ways to enhance their at-home meals. Prego's new items will offer bold flavors to meet the growing need to bring greater variety to the in-home Italian sauce experience.  
Chunky Spicy, which is adding to the strong results of this important brand, will also be expanding their lineup in fiscal 2023. In fact, Chunky Spicy Chicken Noodle, launched earlier this year, is already rapidly approaching the first quartile of all ready-to-serve soup with strong trial and repeat. We are also launching an Old Bay seasoned variety of clam chowder in conjunction with the limited edition launch of Old Bay Seasoned Goldfish. 
Finally, we're also excited about Pacific ready-to-serve soups and chilis, which we'll be launching in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. We continue to drive innovation in this business and expect these new products to be a significant growth driver next fiscal year, solidifying our leadership in organic soup. The combination of our Chunky, Well Yes! and now organic Pacific ready-to-serve soup will create a formidable portfolio and a full range of choices for all consumer cohorts and price points.  
Turning to our Snacks division on Slide 14. We delivered organic net sales growth of 8% versus prior year. We also experienced strong in-market performance of 4% over the prior year quarter and 14% on a 3-year basis. This acceleration in growth reflects the continued underlying strength of our brands, especially our power brands, and significant improvement in our supply chain and service levels. Our Snacks power brands continue to fuel performance with in-market consumption growth of 6% versus the prior year and 19% compared to 3 years ago, reflecting our efforts to prioritize power brands. We feel good that 6 of 8 of our power brands grew consumption year-over-year, with the exceptions being Late July and Pepperidge Farm cookies, both of which were negatively impacted by our remaining supply challenges. 
With respect to share, we experienced some expected pressure on our power brands as supply and promotional recovery took time through the quarter. Great examples of brands where supply is in place and were supporting the business fully, include both Kettle Brand and Cape Cod potato chips, with share gains of 1.5 points and 0.2 points, respectively. Additionally, we have seen very little elasticity or trade down due to price sensitivity so far. This is true more broadly across all of salty snacks. In fact, private label and value brands lost share in the snacks category in the quarter. 
Another standout has been our largest Snacks brand, Goldfish, which has grown from a favorite kids food to a top choice of their teen siblings and their parents. In the quarter, Goldfish consumption was up 8% and up 18% on a 3-year basis.  
On Slide 16, I'll highlight a few of the recent Goldfish new product successes. Family Size and Mega Bites are the #1 and #2 fastest turning cracker innovation in calendar year 2022, fueling a buy rate increase of 11.4% year-over-year for this iconic brand. Family Size is overdelivering across all metrics, with strong velocity, distribution and trial. Goldfish Mega Bites continues to outpace our target and overdeliver on our expectations, driven by strong velocity, trial and repeat rates. Our strategy to broaden our consumer base is working, as evidenced by more than half of buyers being households without children and Mega Bites performing well with older consumers. 
Additionally, we're building upon the successful limited time-only strategy that brought Frank's RedHot and Jalapeño Popper Goldfish to consumers. We recently launched our Old Bay Seasoned Goldfish. We quickly created a buzz among a passionate consumer base, logging more than 1 billion impressions in 48 hours. The product sold out within 9 hours on Shop McCormick, with velocities very strong across all retail outlets.  
To conclude, while we feel very good about the progress we've made, the operating environment remains challenging, and we expect ongoing margin pressure from inflation. However, we're in a better position to navigate it and now very much on our front foot. 
Going forward in Q4, you should expect to see us: one, continue to work hard to use all our tools to combat inflation and manage margin pressure; two, leverage improving supply and execution to further recover distribution and inventory levels; three, return promotional and marketing investment to strengthen competitiveness and combat private label trade down; and finally, four, work to create a compelling fiscal 2023 plan that balances the many nearing challenges while maintaining the momentum and progress on our long-term strategic plans. Although this environment may be different than our original expectations, we are pleased with the continued progress on the business and remain very confident in our ability to achieve our long-term objectives.  
With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our results in more detail.

So yes, good question, Andrew, not surprising easier -- either. But I think the first thing I just would say is, as we mentioned today, we feel very good about the execution on pricing so far through the first two waves. And then as we mentioned also today, we announced the third wave back in April. And we did that really, as you might remember, in '21, we tended to lag inflation, especially through the first couple of quarters of the year. And we wanted to make sure that we were a bit more nimble going into '22 and really into '23. And so as we saw the projection and the outlook for inflation, we moved very quickly to get the third wave out there. And we've been working through that with customers for really the better part of the last couple of months. And so we've made a lot of progress on that front. And we feel very good about that as well as feeling good about how that sets us up into exiting '22 into '23. 
I think we also feel very good about the other levers that we have and the progress we're making to help us manage the inflation. Primarily, I would say, the significant step forward in our supply chain, both from a labor standpoint but also from an execution standpoint, really nice to see the progress coming through that we've been working hard, and certainly, that was an area of opportunity. But as we start to think about our position going into '23, it certainly feels much stronger of a foundation. It feels good to have that wave 3 pricing out there and moving. 
And I think as you start to ask about the future and this idea that there is no room for any more pricing, I don't think that's particularly accurate or realistic. I think what is true is that we've got to be incredibly mindful of the consumer dynamics and where consumers are relative to the elasticities that we're experiencing and being quite strategic in our thinking about where there might be pricing and where we're at limits and probably need to think of other tools within the bag to solve for inflation. 
So I certainly would hate to be sitting here today ruling out that there's no chance for further pricing. I just think we've got to be very prudent about it. And I think that's a similar sentiment that we're hearing with our retail partners. I think we're collectively wanting to make sure that we're thoughtful about where pricing is possible, where we may be seeing elasticities begin to creep up. We obviously have to be a lot more careful there. And I think one of the topics that's starting to emerge more in these dialogues is, what are you doing to support the brands? Do you have innovation? Are we spending to get on marketing and promotion? And so as you think about our road map going forward, that's going to be an important overlay as well. 
But I think from where we sit today and things that we can see on the horizon, we feel very good about the position that we're in and how we're going to play through the balance of the year and move into '23. Of course, we'll give you more on that when we see you next quarter. But I think for where we are today, that's probably a good assessment.

Yes. Thanks, Ken. Well, I think first off, I just would say that from a Q3 standpoint, just to give you a little bit of a frame of reference, essentially, the quarter came in very consistent where we expected to be as it related to EPS. I think the composition in the quarter, we were a little stronger on top line and maybe a little more pressure on inflation in the middle of the P&L, but generally came in, in a profile that delivered more or less our expectations. I think as you think about what we've put out there for the balance of the year, it kind of lives into that framework or that perspective. And that's how we're anticipating Q4 to play out. 
I think you raised a good point, which is, all right, there is a range here. What would be the variables that drive the difference? And a lot of this, we think, really will come down to the ability and the speed at which we're going to continue to replenish the inventories that are in market. Demand and elasticity, we're leaving ourselves a little bit of flexibility there. We also want some room to be able to invest in the business as we continue to move through the quarter. 
The goal in mind is to try to exit the year with good momentum going into our fiscal '23. But I think a lot of the variability that you see in that range will depend on just how quickly we recover in a couple of these areas on that top line. I think this kind of mid-single-digit area for kind of that midpoint for top line is a good place to be.

Yes. So on the bottom line guidance range, I do think it is linked pretty intrinsically with the top line. So as you move the top line to the higher ends of the range or the lower ends of the range, those tend to coincide pretty directly. So I see that as a little bit more perhaps of where the variability is. 
I think, again, to reinforce what I said before, I also think that as we've thought about this fourth quarter, we do want to see, as supply comes back in, as our distribution recovers, as we're on a much stronger footing for supply in general, part of this is returning the marketing and the promotion spending to the business so that we're able to continue to drive that strength of equity, especially in face of some of the pricing and elasticities that we're navigating. And so I think giving ourselves a little bit of room there is the smart play right now. And again, the goal in mind is to really try to leave the year in a very positive position as we move into '23. And then Mick, I'll let you answer the second one.

Yes. And of course, that would anticipate that outlook into the first half of certainly of '23.

Yes. So a lot to unpack there, but a very important question. So what I would start with is just by saying to you that I think and I've said this consistently, and I'll give you a couple of real-time examples, is that our portfolio is very well positioned and resilient as it relates to challenging economic environments, however you might categorize that. And so a lot of times, what we -- the dynamic that we see is, yes, let's take condensed soup as an example, where we are seeing and expected to see some pressure from private label, you also have significant migration of trading down into the category. So that the overall category growth rates are up pretty significantly and volumes are holding up very well, even in the face of pricing that can be double digits so far that we've seen. 
I think what's been new about this or what's been a little bit more unique than maybe what we've seen in the past is where we're experiencing more of the trade down tends to be more in the baby boomer, a little bit older consumer that tends to be a bit more price-sensitive. And we're picking up a lot of these new consumers as they are moving into the category. 
Another great example of that is Chunky. Chunky's pricing is up mid-teens right now. And what we're learning is, although that seems like a lot of pricing, and it is. But for a can of soup that's still under $3, for a large part of the population, trading down into the ready-to-serve soup category becomes a very economic move for them. And that's why on Chunky, we see right now, pricing mid-teens, consumption is up 14%, but units are still up 3%. And our volume was up 8% in the quarter. So you've got a very, very healthy dynamic that exists in several of our brands. 
And I'd say it's not far off for categories like Prego or pasta sauce. And even on the snack side, it tends to be a little bit more in the, I'd say, in the more indulgent spaces like cookies and some of our salty snacks. But the elasticities have been very, very low. And historically speaking, those are categories that you tend to think of as discretionary, but tend to hold up very well. Remember, backstopping all of this discussion is an overarching migration from away from home into home, and the idea that eating at home is one of the enablers to combat pressure as it relates to economic challenges. And so I think, look, it's complicated because every category and brand is a little different. And that's the way you've got to go at this. 
So it's not as simple as answering it in a broad stroke. But as we look at our portfolio, certainly, we feel very good about how we're positioned today as well as heading in to the environment ahead. And I think certainly, the evidence that we've seen so far is that there's probably even some more reasons to be encouraged than what we would have seen historically. And all of that is caveated with the appropriate amount of vigilance here to make sure that if we do find ourselves in a position where elasticities begin to really accelerate, that we've got the appropriate contingency plans and support plans to navigate through it. 
So again, there's not a really singular answer for it. But I do think as it relates to Campbell, we feel that we're positioned very well. But we'll, of course, continue to be highly aware of what's going on around us.

Sure, Nik. That's great point. I think the first step for us was really -- let me answer the second one first and then I'll come back to the materials question. But I think the first step for us was to make sure that we had the appropriate labor and staffing to run our plants in their current configuration and current state. And so I think the team did an amazing job in a very difficult labor environment to recover on that front and to significantly improve retention. And it's a full kind of toolbox full of things that were applied to get that job done. And I do think that's an area where we improved quicker than we had even expected. And that really enabled us to begin to get that service and distribution and start to replenish some inventory very quickly. 
Now with that in place, as we start to operate on a more steady state for the supply chain, it's now an opportunity to go after a lot of these areas of productivity. And some of it is -- I think it's coming from a couple of different areas. I think one of the areas is certainly looking back and saying, okay, where are the inefficiencies that we may have given up over the last year? And how do we build the right road maps to recover that? In many ways, I see that as the easier, the lower-hanging fruit to go after. And I do think you'll see a meaningful productivity profile as we go into the next year to support that. 
And then secondarily, I think we have not been standing still on capabilities throughout this whole process. And perhaps some of the challenges we faced were maybe biting off a few too many of those initiatives at the same time in the past. But now it's paying dividends, right? So now we have new capacity in place that's more efficient capacity. We've got capabilities where the entire company is on a singular system with SAP now. 
These are incredibly important aspects in your supply chain that enable you to build future productivity. And so that's why when we say, how do you feel about the inflation coming forward? Yes, pricing is certainly a pivotal component of it. But there are a lot of other variables. And in the end of the day, what we're really trying to do is, honestly, keep prices as reasonable as we possibly can, right? 
We know the pressure that consumers are feeling. And so the more that we can do on that productivity side, the better off we're going to be. And so the emphasis there and focus there is quite significant. And perhaps this quarter, more than anything else to me, was the proof point of being able to get back on both feet with the supply chain. That's such a critical step in creating the reasons to believe going forward. And I just feel like that's going to be an enabler for us to do a lot of things in the future. 
As it relates to material availability. So when we talked about supply chain challenges in the third quarter, I would really cut that into 2 buckets. One was the labor and just the network yield, right, the ability to produce out of our existing network enough product to match demand. For the most part, that we've now recovered on or we'll be recovering very shortly through the next months or so. 
On the other side of supply challenges is material availability. That is far more concentrated into a couple of specific places, probably most notably on both our Prego business as it relates to certain flankers or SKUs and our beverage business in particular where we continue to really fight for aluminum cans. That continues to be one of the toughest materials to recover from. 
I don't think it's a endless stream, I think there is light at the end of the tunnel for those. But my guess is that those will probably take us into the better part of '23 to fully recover on those. And then, of course, there's always odds and ends here and there. And I think we've done a very good job of creating some flexibility in packaging and formulation to allow us to not necessarily be solely dependent on single sourcing. But I think at the end of the day, we've got a couple that will probably linger with us while the network more or less fully recovers.

Yes. Good question, Jason. So let me first talk a little bit about where we sit today. So as we think about the spending profile that we're at, so marketing and sales for the quarter was about 8.8%. And as you've heard me say before, I'm a lot more comfortable with that around 10%, in the 9% to 10% range, depending on a couple of variables relative to innovation and other sources of investments. 
So there is no question that where we are today, we would want to move up from. I don't think it represents any kind of rebates like we would have experienced because a lot of that was about repositioning, reframing a lot of categories that we were moving away from or shifting to. This is really about, in the broader scheme of things, the difference between that 8.8% and where we want to move to over time. 
I think what's important to note is the A&C retraction has really been singularly minded on where the supply is. This is not simply a tool to try to hit profitability. It was really designed to reflect where we just don't have -- didn't have the supply to support. And so shaping demand a bit through pulling back on some of that spending. As you think about or as we think about our future plans, we've contemplated that. And so as we see recovery in supply and supply chain, I would expect to see that number begin to move forward. 
And again, I don't think it has to be any type of big bang. But I think as we move from 8.8% up the ladder a bit, I think we can begin to do that. And you should expect to see that as part of the ongoing plan as we move forward. Of course, I think that will -- again, it will follow very closely to -- as we recover fully in supply. We do have a robust innovation pipeline we talked about today. So we expect to fully support that. 
So I guess what I would say is, there's no question there's been a step back. I think really, again, related much more to supply than necessarily trying to target it for savings. But as we move forward, I think, in a very thoughtful and kind of pay-as-you-go mindset, we would expect to see that recovering over the next quarters and certainly into '23.