Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. In fiscal 2021, the pandemic continued to present challenges across North America, but I am so proud of how our teams, particularly our frontline and supply chain teams, adapted and rallied to keep each other safe and meet the sustained demand for our products. On behalf of the entire Campbell's leadership team, I am deeply grateful for their dedication, and we continue to make their safety and well-being paramount as they work to meet the needs of our customers, consumers and our communities. 
As difficult and complex as this time has been, it has also been an extraordinary period for Campbell, and we've made clear, meaningful progress advancing our strategic plan. We've evolved into a different company, one that is stronger, more agile and with growing, more relevant brands that are better positioned for the future. 
For the full year, I'm pleased to report that Campbell's organic net sales were comparable to fiscal 2020 and grew 3% on a 2-year compounded annual growth basis, driven by both divisions reflecting strong in-market performance. In fact, 3/4 of our portfolio grew or held market share for the year, reflecting our continued momentum. Adjusted EBIT lagged fiscal 2020 as we lapped dramatic scale and efficiency from a year ago, and navigated a much higher inflationary environment this year. However, on a 2-year CAGR, adjusted EBIT grew 5% and adjusted EPS grew 14% as we delevered and improved our balance sheet. 
Turning to Slide 7, full year organic net sales were comparable to prior year, which included a positive fourth quarter finish to fiscal 2021 in light of last year's remarkably strong performance. If you recall, our first half fiscal 2021 was driven by strong elevated in-market performance as we continued to gain share and made steady progress on supply to restore the shelf. The third quarter reflected the challenging comparisons to the prior year as we cycled the demand surge that accompanied the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and navigated several headwinds, including increased inflation and executional pressures in our Snacks division. 
In the fourth quarter, we delivered solid results ahead of our expectations across all 3 key metrics: net sales, adjusted EBIT and adjusted EPS and addressed the executional pressures we experienced last quarter. Organic net sales declined 4% as we lapped 12% growth in the prior year and delivered 4% growth on a 2-year CAGR basis. 
Our fourth quarter performance accelerated relative to third quarter driven by strong in-market results, particularly in U.S. Soup and Goldfish and the continued recovery of our foodservice business. In Snacks, we delivered sequential operating margin improvement of 270 basis points versus the third quarter despite the continued industry-wide supply chain challenges. 
An important barometer of the health of our brand portfolio is our in-market performance. For the full year, 75% of our brands grew or held share versus the prior year, and the majority of our brands in our 13 core categories grew ahead of pre-COVID levels. To note, repeat rates on our brands in all core categories are ahead on a 2-year basis. 
Total company in-market consumption was minus 1% compared to fiscal 2020 on a 52-week basis. Importantly, compared to the fiscal 2019 period, consumption grew 10%, driven equally by strength in both our Meals & Beverages and Snacks divisions as we continue to make material advances in attracting and retaining consumers, especially the critical millennial cohort. 
Turning to our division performance on Slide 9, let me begin with Meals & Beverages. Our fourth quarter organic net sales decline of 9% and in-market performance of minus 2% reflects cycling the partial inventory recovery and elevated consumption levels in the prior year quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we continued to grow share in Swanson broth, condensed soup, Prego ready-to-serve soup and Pacific Foods. On a 2-year basis, we delivered strong consumption growth of 13% against organic net sales growth of 10%, narrowing the gap as our foodservice business continued to stabilize. 
On U.S. Soup, we delivered another quarter of record share growth of nearly 2 points, with gains in all segments. This included gains from Swanson broth, condensed soup, Well Yes!, and Slow Kettle driven by the continued recovery in our total points of distribution or TPDs. Our share of TPDs grew for the fourth consecutive quarter this year. U.S. Soup 2-year dollar sales growth of 16% in the fourth quarter exceeded the growth in total shelf-stable meals and was just slightly behind total edible growth in that same time period. 
Household penetration and repeat rates remain elevated compared to pre-COVID levels. Condensed Soup increased dollar share for the tenth consecutive quarter, with the largest driver of share growth coming from condensed eating varieties as we nearly restored the full range of offerings to the shelf. 
As our ability to supply improved, we were also pleased to see household gains and ready-to-serve versus the prior year as a result of the shelf recovery and favorable at-home consumption behaviors, particularly for lunch occasions. Ready-to-serve end market consumption grew an impressive 21% on a 2-year basis, led by Chunky, Slow Kettle and the successful relaunch of Well Yes!.
Pacific Foods continues to strengthen its position as the #1 organic soup brand, with the fourth quarter marking 7 straight quarters of share gains in measured channels. We expanded distribution and have recovered the majority of our supply while bringing in more millennials to the category than any other soup or broth brand. 
On Swanson broth, we increased our share by 3.7 points, our highest quarter of share growth in over 3 years, driven by our investment in supply recovery. This is important as it demonstrates the strength of the brand as we recovered lost share to lower-priced players as our supply improved. 
Prego delivered its best year of dollar share gains in 4 years and maintained the #1 share position for 27 consecutive months. The brand grew in market consumption on a 2-year basis and delivered 5% growth over the prior year. Household penetration was elevated versus fiscal 2019 in every quarter and grew 1 point in the fourth quarter. Overall, the Meals & Beverages division delivered strong end market performance against a difficult comparisons to the prior year and achieved share gains in key categories, particularly with millennials. 
On Slide 11, we are excited to share with you a glimpse into our Meals & Beverages innovation plans for fiscal 2022. Our new items focus on new occasions and relevant wellness trends. Expanding on the relaunch of our better-for-you Well Yes! brand is the launch of Well Yes! Power Bowls with 5 unique varieties for both lunch and snack occasions. We have also expanded our successful Slow Kettle Crunch innovation with 4 varieties of Campbell's Red & White Crunch, including our iconic Classic Tomato Soup with Goldfish toppings. 
On our Pacific Foods business, we're launching additional plant-based products, including creamy oat milk soups and creamy plant-based protein broths. Finally, if you haven't tried the new Chunky Spicy Chicken Noodle, it's fantastic, and brings variety to the critical at-home lunch occasion.  
In addition to our relevant and consumer-driven innovation, another element of our Win in Soup strategy is a refresh of our Campbell's Condensed Soup. We are contemporizing the brand to better match our growing millennial consumer base while improving the product and its shopability as we continue to support our positioning as a starting point for delicious meals. 
We also have continued our journey of simplifying our ingredient lines and improving quality. It's always tricky when looking to evolve such an iconic design and product, but our new graphics and improved ingredient lines strike the right balance and have been met with a very positive customer and consumer response. 
Let's now turn to Snacks. This quarter was the second highest 13-week quarter of net sales for the Snacks division since the Snyder's-Lance acquisition. Organic net sales grew 1% over the prior year quarter and 7% on a 2-year basis. In-market performance declined only 1% year-over-year but grew 11% on a 2-year basis. 
Turning to our Snacks power brands, which continue to fuel performance with in-market consumption growth of 2% this fiscal year and 15% on a 2-year basis driven by double-digit consumption growth in the majority of our brands. Compared to the prior year, we grew share on many of our power brands, most notably, Cape Cod potato chips, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps, Goldfish crackers and Late July snacks. Compared to pre-COVID levels, household penetration remains elevated and repeat rates are higher on all power brands. 
Turning to Goldfish, we delivered sustained share growth, increasing for a second quarter in a row by more than 1 point compared to this time last year. On a 1- and 2-year basis, Goldfish delivered strong results, including double-digit consumption growth, increased household penetration and higher repeat rates. This solid performance on Goldfish was due in part to the successful launch of Limited Edition Goldfish Frank's RedHot crackers.
Additionally, the reinstatement of promotions, improved performance on multi packs and an effective marketing campaign contributed to our strong results. We are excited to continue to introduce on-trend limited editions on Goldfish with the launch this week of Goldfish Jalapeño Popper and plans for additional innovation later this fiscal year. 
Entering the fourth quarter amid rising inflation, labor shortages and some executional pressures, we better focused our agenda in the Snacks division, driving operational excellence and allocating additional resources throughout the supply chain network. We are very pleased with the speed and progress we have made to address the executional pressures we experienced in the third quarter. We head into fiscal 2022 with a stronger foundation and confidence we can continue our significant transformation on this important business. 
On Slide 17, we do expect a challenging environment in fiscal 2022 as COVID persists and inflation and labor availability remain highly volatile. However, we also anticipate our effective pricing actions, supply chain productivity programs and cost savings initiatives to be significant offsets, resulting in an improvement in the second half of the fiscal year relative to the prior year, and exiting fiscal 2022 with momentum as we continue to make progress on our strategic plan. Mick will provide more details on our fiscal 2022 outlook and assumptions in a moment. 
With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our fourth quarter and full year results in more detail.

Thanks, Mick. In closing, we feel good about how we land in fiscal 2021 amidst the difficult environment. We expect fiscal 2022 will be a complicated transitional year. But I'm confident that with our strong market momentum and the progress that we've made, we will successfully navigate through it. I look forward to sharing our view on how we intend to unlock the full growth and value potential of this fantastic company going forward at our Investor Day on December 14. 
With that, we'll now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.

Sure, yes. So thanks, Andrew. That's a full question. So let me try to piece out a couple of different elements in there. 
First, why don't we talk a little bit about the -- kind of the basis of the assumptions for our guidance and how we're thinking about it. So first, let's talk a little bit about top line. I think part of the composition of the year is going to be a little bit of a tale of 2 halves because I do foresee a first half that's going to feel a little bit more like what we've been experiencing in the fourth quarter, while seeing sequential improvement as pricing comes into play, which is obviously a significant contributor as we go forward and then in the back half, even though we do expect really driven on the back of the packaging, inflation as it relates to steel, in particular, as our contract terms on the calendar year. But even with that in mind, we're expecting improvement in the back half and overall momentum as we exit the year. 
So I think when you think about top line next year, I do think that we see terrific momentum on our business today. We accelerated that momentum in Q4, we expect to continue to see positive in-market performance as we move forward. We are going to lap a pretty significant inventory replenishment that occurred primarily in the first quarter, but through into the second quarter. But I think the underlying health of the business, we expect to continue to be positive. And of course, sadly, with COVID resurgence, I think some of the consumer dynamics that supported demand is likely going to be with us for a while longer. 
I also continue to be very encouraged by the retention of households and really the sustainment of repeat levels that's very broad-based across our portfolio. Obviously, soup is one that we're watching very closely. And again, I don't think we've ever had or at least not in recent history, a sustained period of progress so broadly across that part of our business. And with what we're bringing relative to innovation and other elements, we're feeling very good about that. 
I do think [ a governor ] a little bit on this and a recognition of a little bit of then, well why is your guidance the way it is, is because we also have to be mindful of what is a very significant pressure on labor that we're experiencing right now. And as I talked about that a little bit in the last quarter, I think we've seen that sustain through the fourth quarter and expect to still be wrestling with that, although I think we're taking some terrific actions and we're seeing some progress in some areas, arguably one of the toughest moments certainly that I've seen as it relates to labor, we're running about 2x our normal vacancy rates. 
And as a translation into what that means, think about it as around somewhere in the neighborhood of 6% of our positions that are open either vacant or absent, and that is making it tougher to fully meet the demand. So I think you sense or feel a little bit of that balance in our top line projections for the year. 
And I'll say this a couple of times, but if you go top of the range to bottom of the range, it kind of reflects how we do on that -- in that area. And so that's how we've thought about the top line. When you get to margin, it's more distinctively a first half, second half discussion, where really primarily in the first half but really more so even in the first quarter as we see pricing come into fruition, of course, inflation now as we kind of leave the covered positions of '21 into '22, we definitely are seeing higher inflation but also feeling very good about the traction we're getting relative to the pricing actions that we put in place. 
We've got good strong productivity that we think will certainly help mitigate that as well. But certainly, you're going to be in that transitional quarter of pricing coming in with higher inflation. And then as pricing is fully in place, we expect that to stabilize. 
As we did note, as steel prices have gone up significantly, we are expecting a tick up in inflation in the back half, not enough to offset the progress in the other areas and the comparable numbers that we're going to be lapping, but generally, a little bit more mitigation. And that's, although we've got good programs, I think we've got a good plan for it. 
That's a pretty significant driver as we look through the balance of the year. And then what we've been calling transitional costs, which again, in the fourth quarter were fairly consistent with what we saw in the third quarter, we expect that to be consistent in the first quarter and then begin to mitigate as we move forward from there. 
So I do think as the year unfolds, I feel like we are assuming that as we both lap as well as see some relief in a couple of areas while we get pricing fully in place, I think we have a fairly balanced approach. And not unlike what I was talking about around top line, I think the high end and the low end of the ranges of guidance are a little bit reflective of what variability could occur relative to where we're seeing inflation or coverage of that inflation to give you a sense of kind of how we've thought about the year. And then, of course, as you drop to EPS, a little less difference between where EPS and EBIT is relative to what we see kind of happening below the line. 
So that -- I don't know, from a macro basis, that's kind of the way we're thinking about the pieces. Maybe worth just going back to you to see if you've got any specific element you want to dive into a little bit more. I know this is a big question for the day, though.

Sure, yes, so let me kind of hit that one head on. And maybe a good way to start with it is to give you a little bit of an explanation on Q4 because I know as you unpack the numbers -- and again, I think we foreshadowed this. But it's important to remember that in fourth quarter of '20, we were in a position where we had a significant opportunity to kind of double down and invest in a more significant way, which, by the way, I'm very glad that we did. Because as I've said before, I think it did 2 things, gave us some momentum as we were solidifying relationships with a lot of new consumers, especially millennials, but it also gave us a great opportunity to learn and figure out kind of what was working, what wasn't working, which helped us really kind of dial in to the most efficient or the highest returning spends. 
As you flip the page to Q4 of '21, you see a significant drop in marketing and selling. But underpinning that, what you have is essentially advertising and marketing that are at about the same level as Q4 '19. And as you've seen our results behind it, and again, arguably always a little bit of a lag, but as you see our results relative to it, I think I feel great about the investment levels overall that we have. 
And as you think about going into next year, I do think you may see a little bit of movement between the quarters. But overall, from a marketing spend, I think we're at a good level. We may have a little bit of incremental investment in a couple of areas as we're adding innovation and working through the balance of the year. But it will be a relatively stable investment year. 
We're not expecting marketing to be a source of opportunity to offset inflation at all, right? We feel good about the levels we're at, and we want to make sure that we continue to refine the effectiveness of it, but we're committed to spending behind the businesses. I mean I think the last thing in the world we want to do is slow down the momentum that we're seeing in market because it's certainly been, for us, a bit of an unprecedented period of really broad-based market share expansion and growth in key businesses. 
And so we want to -- we know long term coming out of this thing, that's what's going to matter most. And so we're going to be very guarded on it. Even though I recognize on paper, Q4 needs a little bit of context. But relative to how we're thinking about it going forward, we're expecting very stable investment.

Sure. I'll let Mick walk through kind of our coverage position, and then I'll give you a little bit of qualitative view of it. I totally understand the question and there's a little bit of mix here, I would say, of certainty and pragmatic forecast positions as we look at the -- and anticipating some variables that aren't necessarily locked down, that I think we have a good sense of where we'll likely be.

Yes. And I'd say of that remaining 1/3, as you know, we do have a pretty significant piece of this, which is relative to our cans as it relates to steel prices. And so what we're doing there is using -- and that gets really locked in more at the turn of the calendar year, although I do think we have a much clear picture of kind of where we are and are working through that as we sit here today. But we've got an economic forecast that I think is generally consistent with where prices are today. 
You are right. Resin is another area that we've seen some tick-up in costs as well, but I think we've covered that. And again, as we navigate through the balance of the year, I think you should expect us to continue to use the full tool bag to cover that, whether it's some combination of promotion and trade spending, some price pack architecture that we've worked on, as well as the likelihood that there may be some places where we're coming back with a second wave of pricing designed to match very clearly in a very transparent way where we have some of these more explicit costs. 
And I would say, I think that will be much more surgical and specific than the pricing that we already have in place. But I do think as we look at the outlook, we see a mix of those variables in our plan to help us cover that.

Yes. It's definitely been volatile, you're right. I mean in particular, I think we've seen more variability in areas like ocean freight, which was -- had been a bit more stable, and I think that's adding some volatility. But I think as we've -- remember, you're also beginning to -- as you go into '22, begin to lap some of the volatility we were experiencing in fiscal '21. 
And so your comparables do get a little bit easier as the year unfolds. But as we said, as we think about some of these transitional costs in the first half, that's partly why we see a little bit more of that headwind in the beginning of the year as we've tried to be prudent in making the appropriate estimate as it relates to where those costs are going to come in based on kind of how we're seeing them today.

Yes, it's a great question. I think the first thing I would say is we definitely have been encouraged by what we're seeing early on as it relates to elasticity. And I think just perhaps the broad-based nature of the inflation is supporting perhaps a little lower than historical levels as it relates to what the elasticities are. 
I also think that the strength of our brands right now and the momentum relative to businesses, a great example is our Swanson business, which, as we've returned supply into the marketplace, as you might remember, over the last year, or so we lost a lot of share to lower-cost players, which I think for me was going to be an important test for that brand as we came back in the supply. And we've done extremely well on recovering the share that we had surrendered. 
And so I do think perhaps my view of where the boundaries are have expanded. However, I do think there still are some boundaries. And so I think although it's giving us perhaps permission to reflect and continue to do the best job we can in juggling the pressure relative to inflation with wanting to protect the franchises and the brands longer term, I think we've got more room. And I think that although there will be some places where I think we still want to make the right smart trade-off for the long-term health, there's no question that I am feeling more confident in our ability to carry pricing than I might have initially as we were talking in the third quarter.

Yes. We're doing a lot more what I would say, iterative collaboration with suppliers to understand more in real time what they're seeing so that we can plan appropriately. And so that -- what that implies is that as we've seen the increase occur, our outlook or our reflection on cost for the year includes that. So we're not assuming some big relief on steel prices as we go through the year. 
I do think what we're going to want to do is probably work with suppliers to make sure that we're able to kind of accommodate variability that may be occurring throughout the year, but I think from a planning standpoint, we've taken what I think is probably balanced to conservative in our position. But of course, I think the volatility around, in particular that, that cost has been quite significant, as you know. But I think no one's banking on a reversal of that in the current forecast that we've got.

It's a good -- so I would just say we're having, as you would expect, pretty meaningful conversations on that right now. And I think, again, philosophically, my perspective on this is predictability is really the priority. And so I would want to be careful and balanced in our ability to have certainty versus banking on something going a better direction. 
So generally speaking, I'm going to want to know what we're dealing with. But I also think you're right. It is a certain -- certainly somewhat of an unprecedented window. And so how do you think about where there are floors and ceilings to certain things may be a conversation that we continue to have. Hopefully, that helps, but a little bit of a work in progress. But I think for now, assuming kind of not a major change, I think, is probably a pretty prudent position.

Yes.

You're in the right ballpark. I'd say a little bit lower as it relates to kind of full year and back half inflation. And then on pricing, I think as you take all of the variables into account, as we've said before, we're probably somewhere in the middle single digits in that area. Again, that obviously incorporates a variety of tools, but that's a pretty good assumption relative to where we are.

Yes. I think we've looked at the -- it is a set of variables that are in there. Again, we talked a little bit earlier about elasticities and a little bit of a growing confidence as it relates to our ability to navigate pricing, perhaps without seeing some of the historical levels that would translate necessarily into the 5%. 
I think you're working a little bit of a couple of different puzzle pieces together. One, we continue to imagine that we'll be investing, we're adding innovation. We are on the flip side, lapping some inventory replenishment that we saw in the beginning of last year. But I think the net of it is we do expect that to be -- to result in a relatively flat year for top line, and that's kind of reflected in our ranges. 
And again, if we -- remember, in the backdrop of all this too, Rob, is a little bit of the labor situation and how we are going to be able to meet the level of demand and our ability to navigate that. I think we're a lot smarter, a lot more experienced in that now than we were perhaps 1.5 years ago when the journey began. But at the same time, again, I would say, consistent with many of my peers, the labor challenges that we're seeing are certainly tougher than I ever remember. And I think the combination of those variables is how we're getting to the outlook. 
But I don't think we're leaning out on any of those assumptions. So I think we've been fairly, like I said, pragmatic or balanced in our view. But I think there's going to be puts and takes. And so although I think you may see pressure downward as it relates to pricing, I think there is likely going to continue to be a catalyst for growth and progress as well. Remember, some of our businesses, especially like our snacks businesses, have been pretty steady contributors of growth even through a little bit of the ups and downs as we've been navigating the pandemic. So I think there's going to be a mix of variables, but I think where we've kind of pegged, it's probably about right.

Yes. So the way I would think about kind of plotting that course is kind of gaining traction through Q1. So taking a little bit of time to get that fully reflected kind of well in place as we go through Q2. I do think you'll see efforts for us to balance the step up, if you will, in inflation as we get to the back half. But I do think you may see a little bit more pressure there. 
But remember, you've got several tailwinds as you're getting to the back half of the year. So I think the ability to still show that sequential progress in margins as we get to the back half of the year, even with those assumptions relative to inflation, I think still will be positive.

Yes. So that will be a prime topic of discussion when I see you guys in December. But here's what I can tell you: I continue to believe very strongly in the potential for us to improve margins on snacks and for us to continue to close or reduce the gap between where we are today and where we see ourselves relative to kind of snacks margin averages. 
I think as time goes on, we continue to get better clarity and better understanding of the building blocks and the variables that will help us get there. And at the same time, I just would say that as you're looking at the here and now, if you think about kind of where we started the journey to where we find ourselves, there's probably somewhere around 150 basis points of margin that I would call just transitional cost that are dampening some of the productivity and savings that we've been generating over the last several years. 
Part of it is planned investments. So part of the kind of offsets to the productivity has been -- or the value capture has been planned investments in both the infrastructure and in marketing in some cases. But I think beyond that, we're probably looking at about 150, like I said, basis points that are dampening the baseline. And then as we project forward, I think what you're going to see is a combination of building blocks that will help us build off of that adjusted base. 
And hopefully, in December, I'll be able to give you greater confidence in what those look like. I know we've been kind of dripping that out for several quarters now, but it will be good to kind of get to the December period. And I think I felt like it was important to kind of keep playing through a little bit of the short-term kind of transitional pressure as we get ready for that conversation. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a sense of how we're looking at it and then how we're thinking about the future.