Thanks, Ken. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for dialing in today. I'm excited and honored to be here and to be part of the Campbell team. I've long admired Campbell's portfolio of iconic brands, terrific teams and well-defined purpose. Throughout my career, I've had the privilege of working on big iconic brands and leading teams to unlock the full potential of the business by strengthening the consumer relevance of the brands and driving operational excellence. I'm confident in our ability to do both here at Campbell. 
Since joining the company last month, I've been spending time with our team and our customers to gain a full understanding of the state of the business. I recognize that we are dealing with some immediate challenges which we are addressing head on, but I'm also seeing clear opportunity to further improve our business, strengthen our execution and create exciting potential for the future. We have a great deal of work to do to deliver this opportunity, but it starts with progress in each and every quarter. 
Moving to Slide 6. So where are we today? First, we are doing what we said we would, and in many ways, that is an essential first step in our journey. I'm pleased that we delivered results consistent with our expectations for the second consecutive quarter and that we were able to reaffirm our fiscal 2019 guidance this morning. 
We continued to make solid progress against our key strategic priorities including stabilizing our in-market performance, integrating the Snyder's-Lance business, delivering our cost savings agenda, and finally, focusing and optimizing our portfolio. 
Organic sales in the quarter were comparable to the prior year. This reflected strength in Global Biscuits and Snacks, driven by performance in Pepperidge Farm and Arnott's, with our Meal and Beverage business seeing some declines but more stable results overall. 
As expected, adjusted earnings per share declined compared to a year ago. Adjusted gross margin also declined, down 4.3 points in the quarter. The decline was driven by the negative mix impact of the Snyder's and Pacific actions, cost inflation, transportation and warehousing costs, and finally, the decision to make select investments in promotional programs against key businesses. Those headwinds were partially mitigated by continued strong execution on our base cost savings program and the value capture of the Snyder's-Lance synergies. Both of these areas are progressing very well. 
In fact, the team delivered $50 million in savings in the quarter under our multiyear program, including Snyder's-Lance synergies. That brings year-to-date savings to $95 million, which is slightly ahead of what we had planned. We now expect to over-deliver the $120 million in cost savings planned for fiscal 2019. This will help offset cost headwinds we're managing while still delivering our commitments. 
Another area of the stepped-up focus is cash flow from operations, which increased to $846 million in the first half, reflecting improvements in working capital. This is another critical area where I was pleased to see progress and effective programs in place across the company. We must continue to drive this increased discipline and effectiveness to optimize our working capital and capital spending going forward. 
Turning to a discussion of our segments on Slide 8. Let's start with our Meals and Beverages businesses, where our performance was mixed across our brands. Our results were essentially in line with our expectations for the quarter, but did decline overall. Organic sales were down 1% compared to the declines of 4% a year ago and 5% in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We drove growth in V8 for the second consecutive quarter behind consumption gains in V8 vegetable juice and V8 + Energy drinks. This was more than offset by declines in Plum, Canada and Prego. Declines in Plum were due to phasing and shipments, with consumption up slightly. 
On the U.S. soup business, excluding acquisitions, sales were comparable to a year ago. However, in-market consumption remained down around 5%. This difference was driven by a return to more historical seasonal inventory levels in the quarter following last year's retail challenges as well as favorable timing on new revenue recognition accounting. 
We are advancing our plan for 2019 which focuses on improving the value proposition of soup by strengthening the fundamentals, including pricing promotion while adding better marketing and smart innovation around convenience and better-for-you. These actions will help improve the foundation of the business and reflect the focus on controlling the controllables. However, we still have much to do to truly position this business for improved and sustainable results. 
I realize that you likely have a lot of questions about our U.S. soup business, including my early impressions of its performance this year and the long-term plans for the business. Let me start by saying it's early days, but I do recognize that to  truly change the trajectory of the business will require a holistic approach to building consumer relevance through product, packaging, innovation and marketing, paired with optimizing the network and business model. 
It is important that this plan addresses our entire soup portfolio, including our core condensed, broth and ready-to-serve businesses. We are the category leader. We have iconic brands and we possess the best knowledge of the soup business in the industry. We can and will bring a comprehensive, consumer-driven and financially disciplined approach to how we optimize this very important business for the company and for our retail partners. I'm excited about building on the solid work the team has done to date, and I look forward to sharing more comprehensive plans with you at our June Investor Day. 
Turning to our Global Biscuits and Snacks segment. Excluding the benefits of the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance and the impact of currency, organic sales increased 3%, driven by the performance of Pepperidge Farm fresh bakery, Goldfish crackers and Arnott's biscuits. Nearly a year since we completed the acquisition of Snyder's-Lance, the integration of our U.S. snacks business is steadily progressing as we build upon the core strengths of both Pepperidge Farm and Snyder's-Lance. The combined business is delivering strong overall share performance across the portfolio. 
Pepperidge Farm continued its strong track record of consistent performance, with the team delivering its 17th consecutive quarter of sales growth. Our largest brand, Goldfish, continued to expand share with a strong quarter, including the launch of new Epic Crunch line. The latest addition to the franchise leverages both organizations' capabilities. It was invented by Pepperidge Farm R&D and made in a Snyder's-Lance bakery. 
Additionally, the extension of Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse brand across cookie, bread and rolls collectively drove nearly 25% growth in the quarter. Consumers are responding favorably to the Farmhouse brand positioning and quality, especially the steps we've taken to renovate our fresh bakery portfolio. 
Now let's look at the other half of our U.S. snacks business, the Snyder's-Lance portfolio. These brands across chips, pretzels, crackers and nuts are in attractive high-growth spaces and nearly all grew share in the quarter. Over the last 6 months, the snacks team has put in significant work to position these brands for long-term success including building foundational brand insights, unique product positionings, renovation and innovation, and smart new marketing campaigns. We have strong plans in place in the back half of fiscal '19, and I'm looking forward to seeing these brands flourish behind accelerated innovation and increased marketing. 
The Snyder's-Lance value capture plans are exactly where we expected it to be in the quarter and slightly ahead of our expectations for the year. Thus far, synergies have come from the elimination of the duplication of public company infrastructure and tighter controls around SG&A. With these changes, the leadership team has created new ways of working and instilled greater discipline across the combined division. 
In the quarter, we consolidated our headquarters sales force and back office sales operations. Looking ahead, we expect to continue to deliver synergies in the second half as we realize the savings from the changes in the sales organization and begin to leverage efficiencies and scale in procurement on packaging, commodities and seasonings. 
I'm very pleased with the progress we're making in U.S. snacks. We're already seeing the synergistic benefits within our brand portfolio and we're tracking slightly ahead of our synergies target with a clear line of sight to achieving the full value capture. 
I'm frequently asked what has surprised me since arriving at the company, and I can honestly say, the strength, progress and position of our snack business. It is a formidable portfolio and a fantastic team. That creates a very exciting combination for our future. Like our plans on soup, I look forward to sharing how we will fuel the growth of our snack business when I see you in June. 
Next, on Slide 10. I want to provide a quick update on the divestitures. We continue to make steady progress with the proposed sales of Campbell Fresh and Campbell International. As a reminder, combined, these businesses represent approximately $2.1 billion in annual net sales in fiscal 2018. I met with both the International and Fresh leadership teams during my first few days in the role, and I'm impressed with how they're driving the day-to-day businesses while managing the divestiture processes. 
Campbell Fresh is performing consistent with our plans and we're driving improved operational effectiveness in the Bolthouse Farms business. Campbell International had a strong quarter, with solid sales and in-market performance on Arnott's biscuits, fueled by new product innovation. The divestiture processes are moving forward according to plan, with strong interest from strategic and financial buyers. 
As you may have seen, we've already announced 3 transactions: the sale of Garden Fresh Gourmet and the Everett, Washington refrigerated soup plant as part of the C-Fresh divestiture process, as well as the sale of Habit. We continue to expect to announce buyers for the remainder of these businesses by the end of the fiscal year, but we'll remain disciplined to ensure that we achieve appropriate value for these attractive assets. 
We will use the proceeds from these transactions to significantly pay down debt. Combined with the company's strong free cash flow, we're confident that we will make progress on our goal of achieving meaningful debt reduction. 
Before I turn it over to Anthony, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge and thank Keith McLoughlin for his leadership in serving as interim CEO. Keith stepped in at a pivotal moment for Campbell and leveraged his expertise, knowledge of the company and leadership skills to provide much-needed clarity and stability. 
As a result, Campbell is more focused and the entire company is mobilized around our key priorities. I've worked closely with Keith throughout the CEO transition process and I look forward to his continued contributions as a member of that Campbell board. 
With that, let me turn it over to Anthony for a detailed discussion of our financial results.

Thanks, Anthony. After my first month, I'm excited about the potential of our great people, brands and the opportunities for the company. We have a lot of work ahead, but the team is already taking action and making progress. We will remain focused on disciplined execution and driving clear ownership of our financial commitments while we also are insuring our plans for the future are robust and delivering improved to sustainable results going forward. 
With that, I'll turn the call back over to Ken for Q&A.

Thanks, Andrew.

Yes. Great. Thanks, Andrew. So maybe a way into the answer is to start a little bit with what my take is on what really a sustainable performance model looks like in our industry. I think there's really 3 ingredients. It's not that ultimately complicated, although a lot more difficult to execute. But I think it starts with great brands and great ideas that are resourced appropriately that enable the company to deliver sustainable, profitable growth going forward. I think that's paired then with great discipline around cost and cash flow as an enabler to drive the fuel that you need for the brands and the investment, while also creating more attractive financial returns. As much as I wish that you could choose one or the other, I think what we've all learned in the industry over time is that you really need the combination of both. 
I think the good news is, a lot of people tend to talk about these things somewhat as mutually exclusive items. And the fact of the matter is, a growing business actually has a lot more opportunity or flexibility to improve efficiencies and costs. So the idea that we're striking the right balance between what profitable growth we need, paired with the appropriate pipeline of cost savings and cash flow to fuel that, I think, is critical. And I think the third component then is a high-powered team that's clear and focused on the priorities, that's delivering executional and operational excellence. 
And so I guess, when I took a look at Campbell and I started to spend more time with the team on an external perspective, as well as getting to know the internal players as well, I would say that I see opportunity across all 3 of those variables. We have terrific brands that arguably have been under-resourced and perhaps not always focused on the way that I think we can. Inclusive of what my sense is, is a somewhat -- at least as of today, a somewhat underappreciated snack business that I think has great opportunity going forward. Remember, post divestitures, that business is going to represent close to 50% of our revenue base as a company. And today, it's growing in the low single digits, and I think there's a lot of good opportunity for us to build on that business going forward. And then I think you also have a soup business that arguably we're taking some good actions on in the near term. But as I said in my comments, and we can talk more about this, I think a much more holistic and comprehensive approach to soup, I think, can further optimize that business going forward. 
And so as I look at that opportunity, I feel good that we can make improvements on the growth side of our algorithm, while also feeling great about the pipeline of cost. The combination of our own cost initiatives, which I believe are appropriate rationalization and discipline without necessarily cutting to the bone on capabilities and things that I believe we will ultimately need to succeed on the business, while also having the Snyder's-Lance value capture. That combination, along with what I think are some very good working capital programs that are put in place and a stronger discipline on capital spending overall, along with the divestitures enabling us to reduce debt, I think gives us that fuel that I talked about as a second ingredient. 
And then I think the third area, the team, it's interesting when you come in to an organization that has had a relatively difficult past couple of years, sometimes you expect to see a team that might be hanging their head or feeling a little bit woe is me, and I've got to be honest, I've seen a very different attitude. It's a passion and ownership for the company and the brand, a true belief that we should be performing better and an appetite to make changes to how our focus and our accountability is driven that enables us, I think, to begin to unlock some of that executional excellence that I talked about in point three. I certainly don't want to portray this as simple or an overnight fix. But I think, as I looked at those elements and said, "Is there room and opportunity for improvement?" I felt very good about that. And I think a clear road map, starting with the focus areas that Keith and the team identified coming in, I think positions us well to make steady progress and, I believe, an opportunity to create shareholder value over the future.

Well, I think, Ken, a little bit of the challenge for us in the quarter is just a variety of moving pieces in this. Part of it is what we're comparing to a year ago as well as some of the dynamics that we're experiencing on where we're infusing investment and how we're thinking about the promotional schedule. I do think the phasing over time was -- to some degree, was affected by it. But I think the bigger drivers for us related to the fact that 1 year ago in this period, as we were navigating some pretty tough retail conversations, we did not reach what I would call the historical level for the seasonal inventory build. I think as we look forward, I think that will normalize over the balance of the quarters. Of course, you'll have a little bit of noise around revenue recognition changes as well. But I think, in general, we'll see a little bit of consumption likely outpacing shipments a bit in Q3 as we normalize that inventory level. But for the year, I expect it to be pretty equal across the board.

Well, I think, first, let me just start by saying, I think the rigor that went into defining the algorithm and the work that was behind it, especially the '19 guidance I think was very robust. And so what I would tell you, I think given that rigor and the reasonableness of the framework, I feel very good about that direction and I'm very committed, especially delivering on our '19 commitments, but also pursuing what the longer-term algorithm looks like. I think I also feel very good about the strategic framework that was put in place. I mean, our -- as you look at it, the idea of simplifying, focusing and optimizing our portfolio, divesting some noncore businesses to reduce debt and improving our execution speed and efficiency are somewhat hard to argue with and I think are great first steps to address what some of our immediate challenges are. 
I think as we go forward, we need to create the completeness of that plan, add more robust elements underneath each of those headers as we really create what I think will be a clearer road map for the future that builds upon what those foundations are. I think in doing that, we've got to understand what the right balance is between the cost savings we can generate as well as the investment we need. But I think living within the guidance that was given certainly is my objective. I do think, in fairness to my time in the seat, I want to spend a little more time making sure that the investment models and the plans that are in place are all consistent with what those -- what I believe we need to have in place to deliver on those objectives. Does that make sense, Ken, to you?

Yes. Thanks, Bryan. Well, one of the things that was helpful was in the first week I was on the job, we had FMI in Florida. So I got to spend some good quality time with our retail partners in the first week. And I think, in many ways, their response was pretty consistent, which is, "Hey, we do expect you as the category leader of soup to help us understand the vision and really step up and bring to bear a plan that can optimize the portfolio with hope of being able to improve it going forward." And I think that call to action is a good one for us. 
When you think about the role that soup plays within the company, I think it is undeniable that we have got to apply, as I said a bit in my comments, a better, more holistic plan. Although, I like and believe that the near-term actions we're taking are helping their cost. If you look at the couple of the places where we're supporting the business more directly, like cooking within condensed, you see flat shares on that portion of the business versus decline, overall, in the franchise or a chunky business that we've turned back on support and we're actually growing share on that business for the first time in quite a while. And then continued growth on some of the health and wellness businesses, on Well Yes!, in our broth business, which has also done well. So I feel good about those actions. 
But clearly, as you look at our in-market results, we recognize that it's not enough. And so I think what we've got to bring to bear here is a more holistic plan. And what I mean by that is clear definition of portfolio roles for our individual brands across the range, where we're really driving consumer relevance against each one. We get the fundamentals right, so price, package, quality and the support levels, again, disciplined with good ROI. It's not grow-at-all cost, but a good approach to how we provide the right support behind the business and sustainable support behind the business. 
And then I think we add innovation that's going to bring relevant opportunities to enter into either new occasions or adjacent formats that I think soup can play perhaps a bigger role in than what we're doing today. And then with that in place, I think we need to articulate a vision for retailers, collaborating with them on how we rethink the shelf and the destination in the store, and that's traditional retail as well as some of the growth channels, and then backstop that with network optimization and a supply chain model that's going to ensure that we've got a margin architecture that's profitable over the future. 
So when I talk about that -- again, it's somewhat early days. I don't -- I would say we've got great work done in many areas, but we need to work the complete plan and we are doing that very rapidly. But I think if we step up and take a full swing on this business with that kind of rigor across the plan, I think that's going to give us our best opportunity to improve the trajectory and also signal the retailers our commitment to this category and the opportunity that, I think, it can represent. Again, not an overnight fix, but I think a steady journey forward on our ability to do that. And as I said, we'll talk more about it when we get to the Investor Day in June.

Yes. Thanks, David.

Yes. So let me hit the first part of that question head on. Absolutely, it is an imperative for us as a company, because regardless of what you may believe or know that we need to do relative to getting the balance right between supporting our brands and improving our top line trajectory, we need the opportunity that is created by the work around the cost agenda. As far as how I would categorize it, I think the good news is it's not one thing or a silver bullet, it's a variety of different initiatives that I think, in each individual case, is appropriately set. The reality is, is we have opportunity to improve our discipline and our rigor around a variety of different cost areas as well as what I think is a very well-organized and put-together value capture program for Snyder's-Lance. I've been through a few of these, and really what is important as you start to think about value capture agendas, have you appropriately put ideas, programs and governance around each of the elements that are driving the savings, while also being realistic about where the investments may need to come to support the business going forward. And I think, we are -- we have done a very good job on lining up the elements that will fuel the cost savings program. 
And again, I think in some areas, we're more aggressive than others. But I would say in the areas that are related to our ability to perform or drive the business, I think we've taken an appropriate level of balance. I think on the investment side, so post the $945 million of savings, how do we think about the investment? I think we've made a lot of progress on that. But this is where I want to spend a little bit more time with the team and make sure that I'm crystal clear on what our expectations are and what we really believe we need to have in place to support the businesses. But I think it begins, as you say, with really that focus and orientation on generating the cost savings without replicating, perhaps, some of the challenges that we've seen emerge in our industry, where it's about cutting at the expense of our capability or going beyond what we think is appropriate for what our objectives are on the broader business.

So Anthony, why don't you take the guidance question, and then I'll come back with how do we feel about soup.

Yes. I think one of the things in the back half that we're excited about is the -- as we come through the integration of the Snyder's-Lance business, the team's done very good job building a pretty robust agenda both on the marketing and innovation funnel as we look at the back half of the year. And I would expect to see some increased investment but also strengthening performance on some of those businesses, which I think will help kind of compensate for what I still would expect to be a somewhat weaker trend on soup that we're working hard to improve on. But I think that balance is how you get to the map that lines up with the guidance.

Yes. Well, it's a great question. And in fact, I think as we talked before about -- as we start to look closely at our cost agenda and we talked about value capture, it is one of the opportunities that, I think, should give us some confidence, is that disparity in margin architecture and the opportunity to bring it up. Even with the value capture, one of the things that I think we've used is a little bit of a gut check on it. It would still operate below where we are on Pepperidge Farm, which I think is an encouraging opportunity that, even beyond what we see in the value capture, we can improve. So I think a lot of the power of margin architectures on DSD, it revolves around scale, the efficiency of how you're running your network and that you're fueling your innovation and you're spending in a way where you're taking full advantage of your presence in-store. 
And I think as you look across those variables, I would suggest we have some opportunities to improve in all of those areas. I think the combination -- although as we talked about today, really the focus of the integration has been more on the sales operation and headquarters, I think the idea that we can use best practices on how we think about optimizing routes, how we think about optimizing impact in-store, how we get the balance right between what is kind of our sweat equity around merchandising through our drivers and what we're truly investing in price, while creating a lot better scale and operational efficiencies in our supply chain, I think, is going to be where the unlocks are. The Nabisco business is a very efficient business and, again, sets a fairly high bar. But I think the idea that we can bring this closer to what our Pepperidge Farm margin architecture is and get closer to that balance as a company as a goal, I think, bodes well for what the opportunity, both again from the integration but also where our focus can be going forward to continue to drive opportunities. Is that good, Rob? Does that give you a little insight?

I think we're cycling through a variety of those initiatives. And I think, again, part of the dynamic here is really going back in and making sure that we're crystal clear on what the right price value equations are, how we navigate price gap. So I think as far as -- if you would -- if you're wondering whether it's a drag on the business going forward, I would say, we feel pretty good about where we are on that journey and how we're set up for the back half of the year.