Thanks, Rebecca. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
Throughout the last year, we rallied through the pandemic and made decisions focused on prioritizing the safety and well-being of our employees while meeting the needs of our customers and consumers. This approach has served us well over the past 15 months as we progressed our strategy in a volatile operating environment. Our team pulled together, we executed with excellence, and we delivered strong results.  
As you saw in our press release this morning, our results this quarter reflected the challenging  comparisons to the prior year as we cycled the demand surge that accompanied the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and navigated several current headwinds. However, you will also have seen the continued strength in-market on market shares, underpinned by healthy retention of new and younger households and the full recovery of distribution levels. 
We did face a significant inflationary environment in the quarter as well as shorter-term increases in supply chain costs. We anticipated the vast majority of these drivers, but in certain areas, the pressures intensified, especially around inflation and some of the transitional costs moving out of the COVID-19 environment. We are confident that we can address these issues, and we have plans and pricing already in place as we exit the fiscal year and enter fiscal 2022. Our confidence is further strengthened by our continued in-market momentum and the structural health of our business and brands.  
I will first review our results and then share the context and actions we are taking to address these challenges and the improving trajectory we expect  for the rest of the year as we head into fiscal 2022. 
As we outlined during our second quarter earnings call, we expected this would be a challenging quarter, and we recognized that there would be headwinds as we lap the peak of COVID-19 demand, manage the volatility of current market dynamics and continue to navigate our own transformation agenda.  
We delivered sales of $1.98 billion, in line with our expectations as we cycled a 17% organic growth comparison to a year ago. Our sales results benefited from the continued momentum of our Snacks power brands and our U.S. retail products in our Meals & Beverages division as well as the early signs of recovery from our foodservice business. Importantly, our brands remain strong with nearly 3/4 of our portfolio gaining or holding share in the quarter. 
In our core categories, most of our brands grew at higher rates than prepandemic levels, and our brand consumption on a 2-year comparison grew 9%. These results were driven by our decision to invest in supply and service while preserving brand investments with advertising and consumer promotion expense as a percentage of net sales comparable to last year.  
Looking ahead, we expect organic sales in the fourth quarter to decline versus last year as the COVID-19 lap continues. We do expect a sequential improvement from the third quarter as the comparison to prior year eases a bit and our foodservice business continues to recover. 
From a margin perspective, our decline versus prior year, excluding the net benefit from mark-to-market adjustments on outstanding commodity hedges, stem from certain headwinds which are grouped into 3 main buckets.  
First, external factors were larger than we had anticipated. We, like others, faced pronounced inflation related primarily to steeply higher transportation costs, some of which was an outcome from the strain of the Texas winter storms on supply chain logistics and the closure of our Paris, Texas facility for 2 weeks. These factors, partially offset by our productivity improvements, reflect about 1/3 of the gross margin erosion in the third quarter and will continue into fiscal 2022.  
We currently expect to benefit from pricing actions we have put in place across our portfolio and our strong productivity plans to mitigate this inflation pressure in fiscal 2022, while we remain vigilant monitoring the ongoing dynamic nature of the current environment.  
The second bucket I would characterize as transitional items that we are working our way through as we move out of the COVID-19 environment and fully recover on supply. This includes areas like lower fixed cost leverage as we lap the year ago elevated levels of demand, sustained labor challenges and added investment in higher-cost co-manufacturers to recover fully on supply. We had factored these pressures into our plans, but in some cases, they were more significant than anticipated as either the time to recover or the magnitude of the impact were greater than expected. 
These transitional costs reflect about half of our gross margin erosion in the quarter. And while we expect the impact of these costs to moderate into the fourth quarter, they will continue to add pressure as we fully cycle the COVID-19 environment.  
The third bucket is execution related to the high degree of transformation we have underway in our Snacks division. Throughout my time at Campbell, we have taken significant steps to improve our execution as we have steadily advanced our agenda. However, this quarter, the convergence of multiple transformation efforts, including systems, logistics and capacity, all put additional executional pressure on the business in a tough third quarter environment. 
We have already taken decisive actions to allocate more resources and better phase projects to address these issues. We do not expect these elements will have a material impact on the fourth quarter. And more importantly, they do not alter our long-term expectations for the Snacks margin expansion  opportunity we highlighted last quarter and will share in greater detail during our Investor Day later this year.  
Although all these headwinds put pressure on our near-end performance, they do not represent structural issues, and we remain confident in our strategic plans. 
As a result of the third quarter pressures on margin, adjusted earnings per share came in lower than we expected at $0.57. As Mick will discuss in more depth, we're updating our guidance accordingly.  
Turning to our division performance, let me begin with Meals & Beverages. Our net sales decline of 14% and in-market performance of minus 24% in the third quarter reflect lapping the historically high consumption levels that we experienced during the onset of the pandemic last year. On a 2-year basis, we had net sales momentum in key categories with share gains over prior year in condensed soup, ready-to-serve soup, Swanson broth, Prego and Pacific Foods. 
Compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we delivered strong consumption growth of 9% against organic net sales growth of 3%, with the gap driven by our foodservice business, which continued to recover as governments gradually eased on-site dining restrictions in some markets.  
Overall, as we have invested in our service levels, they are stabilizing, and we are now in a better position on supply across the division. We have restored the shelf in the majority of our categories, and our share of total points of distribution is consistent with pre-COVID-19 levels across U.S. soup, Prego and V8 beverages. 
In-market consumption for soup was strong versus 2 years ago, growing at 9% and gaining dollar share. We delivered record share growth in U.S. soup of nearly 2 points driven by condensed soups, Swanson broth, Chunky and Pacific Foods. We also made significant progress on the retention of new households since the onset of the pandemic.  
Soup gained dollar share in all 3 categories, with millennials driving strong growth in condensed cooking, broth and ready-to-serve soup. We are confident that the brand investments made are working as buyers and buy rate remain elevated compared to pre-COVID-19 levels. 
We continue to be encouraged by the sustainment of quick-scratch cooking behaviors and in-home eating occasions even as COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. In fact, condensed delivered its ninth consecutive quarter of dollar share gains, growing share nearly 3 points. Notably, with millennial consumers, condensed grew share by nearly 4 points.  
Within ready-to-serve, Chunky delivered double-digit in-market consumption growth on a 2-year basis. Pacific Foods continued to be a powerful growth engine within our soup portfolio with in-market consumption growth of nearly 30% on a 2-year basis and continued share gains versus prior year, marking its sixth consecutive quarter of share improvement. On Swanson broth, as we invested to restore distribution and service, we increased share by nearly 2 points versus prior year. On a 2-year basis, we grew household penetration by more than 1 point and saw higher repeat rates on our brand. Prego delivered its 24th consecutive month with the #1 share position in the Italian sauce category and achieved its strongest share gain in over 3 years. Compared to prepandemic levels, we are seeing strong repeat rates and buyer retention on this brand as well as strong resonance with millennial consumers.  
Overall, the Meals & Beverage division delivered a strong in-market quarter against difficult comparisons with share gains in key categories, especially among younger consumers, TPD gains and improved service levels, continuing to support our confidence that it will emerge from the pandemic in a stronger position.  
Let's now turn to Snacks, where our power brands continued to fuel performance with in-market consumption growth of 14% on a 2-year basis despite being down 5% year-over-year. 
On a 2-year basis, total snacks consumption grew 10% against organic net sales growth of 3% with the gap driven by the decline in our partner brands and continued pressure in the convenience channels. We grew share on many of our power brands over prior year, and repeat rates on 7 of 9 power brands are ahead of pre-COVID-19 levels. We delivered our fifth consecutive quarter of share growth on Late July snacks, Kettle Brand potato chips, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and Lance sandwich crackers.  
On a 2-year comparison within the power brands, our salty snack brands grew in-market consumption  nearly 20% and increased household penetration across the majority of these brands. Our Pepperidge Farm Farmhouse products also continued to deliver exceptional results with in-market consumption growth of 9% on top of the prior year increase. Turning to Goldfish, we returned to share growth,  increasing by more than 1 point compared to prior year. This was in part due to an improved performance on multipacks, continued momentum on Flavor Blasted Goldfish and new, broadened digital activation. We also exited the quarter with early momentum from the launch of limited-edition Frank's RedHot Goldfish.  
With that, let me turn it over to Mick to discuss our third quarter results in more detail and our guidance for the full year.

Thanks, Mick. In closing, we expected this to be a challenging quarter for the company, but it was made even tougher by several additional factors. However, we do not see these challenges as structural nor do they temper in any way our confidence in the transformation we are implementing at Campbell. We knew this would not be simple, and we remain confident in how we are responding and the actions already underway.  
Finally, and most importantly for the long-term health of our business is the progress we are making on our categories and brands and the overwhelmingly positive indicators that we are seeing from consumers and customers. We will address the inflation and execution. And as we continue to demonstrate sustainable growth, we will unlock Campbell's full potential.  
With that, we'll now turn it over to the operator to take your questions. Thank you.

Yes. And great question, Andrew. Let me start with Q4 and then, obviously, we'll stop short of kind of giving a lot of detail on '22. But I'll give you a perspective on kind of how we see that and how we thought about the variables that we talked about for this quarter affecting the business going forward. 
But first on Q4, I do -- again, I'm always -- in the current environment we're in, certainly we've had a couple -- tough to predict a couple of the variables we've seen. But I do feel good that what we experienced in Q3 and how that translates into Q4, we've done a very good job of connecting those dots. And I do think you'll see sequential improvement for a variety of reasons. 
First, I think we're not going to have the winter storm. And just as a perspective, closing the Paris facility for 2 weeks in Texas, that ended up being right around the $10 million additional headwind in Q3 that we obviously have not anticipated as part of the reason that we were off our expectations. So clearly, we're not going to have that circumstance as we go into Q4. 
I think the second thing is the comparable numbers in Q4 are just an easier comp, right? So you've got higher COVID costs in Q4 a year ago. You also have the opportunity to, as we've said all along in the back half, that we'd moderate marketing spending to kind of equate to the percent of net sales. And so that will give us a bit of a tailwind as well in the fourth quarter. 
And as I talked about some of the transformational kind of execution issues on Snacks, and again, just as a little bit of deeper perspective on that, in the third quarter, it was really -- I've been very proud of that team and done an amazing job through the integration from my perspective. I do think in the third quarter, the accumulation of initiatives, we cut over to SAP, we closed our Columbus, Georgia facility, we had 3 major capacity expansion projects going on in the backstop of COVID. And not in a way of an excuse, but certainly I think that put some added pressure on an already tough quarter for us as it related to Snacks. 
But as we look forward, we've added the right resources, we've staged this the right way. We're through some of that work, and so we expect that executional headwind that we saw in the third quarter to really kind of be behind us as we go through the fourth quarter. So that's really the reason why we see the sequential improvement. 
And even on operating leverage and some of the things that were a bit bigger in nature in third quarter, I think for that, that carries over. We've got good estimates now. So we can kind of see how that operation works. We're now running all of the SKUs that we had simplified a year ago. I think that was a little bit of the dynamic as we added those back, introduced a little bit of new complexity back into the supply chain, continuing to push hard through some of the labor challenges that we've had. 
So I think you'll see that mitigate but still be present. And so I think when you think about '22, obviously the things I just described executionally, I think, will be behind us. 
As far as inflation goes, we feel very good about the progress we're making on pricing. The conversations that we're having with customers are very constructive. I'm really grateful that we've had this time to really build equity. I mean this is probably the healthiest the portfolio has ever been going into that conversation, so that's a good thing. 
I would be remiss not to say, though, that inflation is a little bit of a moving target right now. And so although I feel great about what we're doing, I think I kind of want to wait for the next quarter to see kind of where we're landing on a couple of the variables and a couple of the commodities. 
And then as it relates to kind of this transitional headwind, I think it's a little bit of a mixed bag. Obviously, we're going to be working hard to address those areas, but we will cycle through the COVID environment at least into the first half of next year. 
So we'll give you a lot more granularity on it, but I think it's a very balanced position. Certainly, I think Q3 very much is the outlier, but I do think some of these variables will continue. But we've got very good plans against them. So hopefully, that helps to put it into a little bit of context.

Yes. So yes, let me make it -- let me break it down in as very -- hopefully a very simple answer. I think there are 3 distinct things that we're watching occur in that bucket. The first is really just lapping, right? That is the kind of cycling of a network  that's fully loaded and [ that ] leverage from year-to-year. 
The second piece, I think, that we saw transitionally in Q3, and again, I think these become more mitigated cost going forward, but we have really continued to see labor as a bigger challenge than I think we had expected it to be. And of course, that has a bit of a knock-on effect that as that labor has not enabled us to kind of meet the full targets on production, we've had to go to some higher-cost co-mans that we consciously invested in to make sure that supply and inventory was where we needed it. 
But those 3 variables of kind of leverage, labor and the external investment in co-manufacturers are what we're describing as that transitional bucket. And so I do think the lapping will continue. But the other two, we're going to get better and manage through that as we go into next year. Does that help, Andrew?

I think certainly, that's where you've seen some of the rising costs more recently. I would also point to some of the volatility, though, on things like steel, where we've seen some ups and downs. And again, I'm kind of cautious to kind of lock in on where we think that is. Obviously, one of the other areas that has emerged a little bit more recently is protein. 
But I would just say that as we've all been watching this, there have been ups and downs. And so we continue to try to calibrate it. And as we kind of went forward with our pricing actions that'll be in place the first quarter -- as we start the first quarter of fiscal '22, I feel very good about how that was informed and kind of how we saw the environment. 
But I think kind of the name of the game for '22 is going to be to remain pretty agile and nimble. And even as we're talking to customers, we're having that conversation where things may go up or down. We need to have that ability to have the dialogue as we go forward. So I don't know, Mick, if you've got any other detail.

Yes. And while that's going on, as you would expect, Bryan, we're looking for a lot of other elements or levers that we can utilize to manage a little bit of that volatility, obviously, through productivity but also how we contingency-plan and set up the year. So I feel very good about how that plan has come together. Like I said, I also feel very good about how the conversations on pricing are going. Never easy, but I think generally understood that the -- what the inflation looks like. And I certainly feel like we've been having very strategic and collaborative conversations about it.

Yes. And we're being very, very thoughtful and strategic on how we're reflecting critical price thresholds. We've got a very good plan that I think enables us to feel like -- well, first and foremost, that we'll remain competitive but also that in some of these categories where we are a significant leader, that we're also going to be able to sustain momentum where we've built it. I mean the last thing we want to do is shut down growth and share that we've worked fairly hard to have in place. 
So we're going to be thoughtful about it, but it also enables us, I think, to model, if you will. Based on historical elasticity, we're able to model a pretty good understanding of where those key thresholds are. We understand kind of how to balance this. What do you do in list price versus what you do in trade. Obviously, there's a full range of leverage that we're going to be using across revenue management to get that right. But I think for right now, we feel like given the historical significance, given our ability to protect certain price points, overall, as far as the health of the business going into it, we feel very good.

Yes. I think, Ken, the honest answer, as you will see it, is a bit of a tailwind in Q4 to help mitigate. But the effective date, right, so relative to how we think about when are we targeting pricing really to fully be in place, that is the -- essentially the first day of fiscal '22. And so although I do think there are circumstances as we're going through this for people where we are making some moves a little quicker, the reality is that I'd rather kind of point to when I think the concentration of that will occur. But I do think as you look into Q4, you'll see some help from it, but probably not to the point that it's able to mitigate it until we get into Q4 or into Q1.

Yes. And that's a little different than you said. You're going to get a little bit anticipated reversal of the benefit that we saw in Q3 flip a little bit in Q4.

So it'll be...

It'll be a bit of a headwind, yes. And even if you go to a year ago, as a reminder, in the fourth quarter last year, we had a benefit. So you're actually lapping a benefit as well as a little bit of a reversal of the Q3 benefit. So that'll moderate a little bit what you'll see, but that's consistent with what Mick's numbers are and what he's walking through. Sorry, Mick.

Yes. I think, Chris, what we feel good about is when we went out with our pricing action, as you might imagine, it has been a while ago, as we kind of kicked that off, we felt very good about the combination of pricing, our productivity, some of the other actions we're taking as well as the benefit that we'll get, especially as you get to the back half of next year, in lapping the period we're in right now. We felt very good about it. 
I think what you sense from us is a little bit of caution because of the volatility that we're watching on commodities. And so obviously, as we move forward through the fourth quarter, we start to set up '22 guidance and get another couple of months of coverage behind us as well as understanding where commodities are coming in, we'll have a better sense. I know what everyone is trying to get at, which is, do you feel like you can fully cover inflation next year with the tools you've got? I can tell you we feel good, but we're going to have to really watch what happens over these next couple of months to kind of solidify our position. 
As far as magnitude of pricing, as you might imagine, it's a little bit of a -- depending on which business it is, where the commodities are impacting it more. We've been very clear and transparent on kind of the translation of inflation to where that pricing resides. Obviously, as I said before, we're also overlaying a very detailed kind of strategic lens to it to make sure that we're not doing anything that we're going to regret as far as the health of the business. 
So it's a pretty broad range. I mean kind of mid-single digits is probably a good assumption if you were trying to cost average it across all of our businesses, if that helps a little bit.

Yes. And we -- I just was going to say, Chris, and we're kind of having conversations with our customers that say, you know what, we've got to probably compare to historical approaches to pricing where you kind of publish and then you kind of see in 12 months. This is much more of a collaboration and dialogue around what's inflation doing. And again, our pricing is, I think, going to need to be a bit dynamic. 
Now of course, one of the variables we have that helps a lot with that is trade spending and the ability for us to use that a bit as a way to kind of manage a little bit of the ups and downs. But I'm not surprised to hear that, so.

Yes. Well, I think a couple of things. One is, as Chris, as you'll remember, in the fourth quarter last year, we really invested into the opportunity that we had given the elevated demand and profitability that we were experiencing, and we did that for a variety of reasons, one of which was to solidify the equity of the businesses, continue to really work on building equity with those households, especially younger households. 
We also learned a lot during that time. So we used it as a bit of an opportunity to really fine-tune where the best ROIs were. And as an example, you would have seen in the third quarter our digital spend went up almost 20 points. We're now over 60% of our spend is in digital, which I love for a variety of different reasons, but one of which is that it's a very high ROI and a very efficient spend. 
And so although I do think there are some key thresholds that we want to manage to, and as we've said, kind of the percent of net sales is a good proxy, when I look at that relative to where we've been, I feel like that's a good level. And we've been able to kind of manage to that through the last couple of quarters, into this quarter. And certainly, we're going to try to apply that kind of standard or philosophy as we go into '22.

Yes. It's real -- no, you're right, Rob, in the sense that we will eventually lock in a '22 price. It's been a little bit moving around, I would say, from quarter-to-quarter. So as we kind of lay that down for '22, it's a little bit of what we're reacting to. So we know it's elevated, right? We know what kind of the inflations peg at. But it is a little bit of a pass-through based on a certain time, as you said. So we're kind of working through that right now. And as -- again, I think when we get to the fourth quarter earnings and set the '22 guidance, we'll be in a much better position to kind of give a bit more comprehensive view of our coverage and where exactly we are.

Oh, yes. So let's talk about Snacks. So no, nothing changes. I mean I think, as I said before, I have been really impressed with what we've been able to accomplish in the integration. I continue to see tremendous potential as we look ahead. 
We are a bit behind, as you would expect, given the headwinds I just described for Q3 and Q4 on an absolute basis. But the underlying initiatives, the value capture, all of the foundational work that although may have created some strain on us in the quarter as far as execution and cost overall, as we normalize that over the -- really the months ahead, I expect us to be back on that trajectory. And again, I think as we said before, we'll kind of lay that out with a lot more granularity in Investor Day, but it doesn't change in any way structurally what I think we should be capable of doing. 
I think we are -- the ambition for the quarter in executing all of those initiatives at the same time -- probably in hindsight, staging them a little differently would have been a better idea, but we've kind of played through that now and are feeling very good about how that looks going forward.

Yes. I think we're not -- I mean, some of these are -- I would describe them very much as -- well, at least to my knowledge, some of them are Campbell specific. 
I think you're right about labor and logistics. But the need for us to kind of invest in the supplement of co-manufacturers to kind of recover on supply, honestly that feels like kind of a unique item to us that was very much a kind of headwind that we'll navigate through. I expect that to be better in Q4 and obviously much better as we go forward. 
I think on the operating leverage, a little bit of it was us needing to understand exactly how much benefit we had gained a year ago when we were at our peak, how much the value of the simplicity of the portfolio versus adding those TDPs back in place we're going to take. And so I think what I would tell you is we've now calibrated that. 
I do think it will remain throughout the cycle of COVID-19, but some of these other elements, ones that are capable of being priced and the others that are more kind of unique to us, I think we'll work through those. We've got good plans in place, and I do see those, as we described them, transitional in nature. And I think on balance, we'll be able to address a great deal of those and just kind of be dealing with the leverage lap as we go into '22. Mick, anything?

I will say that we have been -- and again, I don't know how this is affecting other companies, but I will say labor has been a challenge. And I think -- I feel very good about what we've done to address it. But even as you're kind of replacing labor, getting to kind of full efficiency, training new individuals and kind of getting back squarely at the levels we were earlier in the year, it's taking a little bit of time. And so I think that -- like I said, although I see the steady progress, I think we're being pragmatic as we make assumptions so that we don't underestimate what that transition or time looks like.

Well, yes, no, it's a great question. And I do think there's a couple of different important variables within that dialogue that we will spend time talking about when we're in our Investor Day. Obviously, one of those pieces is kind of bridging for folks the Snacks margin that we already talked about, how did the value capture work, where were the investments versus the upside, how are you -- how did the headwinds we're experiencing on inflation affect that. 
But maybe this is a way to kind of give you a little bit of context. And Mick had mentioned this earlier, but I think it's a really important aspect. And obviously, we are disappointed with the quarter. I mean our standard is that we do what we say and, in this particular quarter, we didn't do that. But I continue to see the challenges that were in the quarter as being very transitional in nature, and the underpinning of the great in-market results and being ahead of expectations as it relates to share and the retention of these households all bode well for us for the future. 
And maybe to give a little context to your question, specifically, if you take the midpoint of our '21 guidance -- and again I'm going to repeat a little bit of what Mick said, but I think it's important. At the midpoint of our guidance, it represents, versus that 2019 base, a top line growth of 6%. So a CAGR of about 3%. Obviously, we know that there's some foodservice in there and a little bit of partner brands. But in general, a 6% versus '19. Our EBIT during that same period with the midpoint of the range, so even with the adjustment in our guidance, is up 9% versus 2019 or at about a 5% CAGR for the 2 years. And as Mick had said earlier, EPS is up 27% since '19 with consumption up 9% during the same period. 
So if you look at that, all of those -- and again, I think people would expect this, but all of those are well above or well within our strategic plan targets. And I think that as we navigate into '22, we would expect to see, yes, some challenges as we continue to lap a few of these areas. I do want to kind of nail down a good number for inflation next year, but I feel very good about where we are on the journey. I don't love the quarter, but I love the progress that we're making and, in particular, what I think will be longest lasting, which is the strength of the brands and the businesses. 
So I don't know if that helps with perspective. I know what you're looking for, for '22, and we will do a good job of providing you that bridge when we get together at the end of the year. But I think not a bad perspective to kind of close out a little bit of the discussion with.