Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call, I'll provide some thoughts on our second quarter results as well as our plans for the second half of the year. Chris will discuss the second quarter in more detail, and we'll reserve time after Chris' remarks for your questions. 
I want to begin today's call by thanking our team for the hard work in closing the LATAM divestiture to Stonepeak. We are excited for the team at Cirion, but we'll certainly miss our LATAM friends and colleagues. Our ongoing partnership will allow us to continue working with this extremely talented team. We are also looking forward to the upcoming close of our ILEC transaction with Apollo. We are working hard towards an early fourth quarter close. 
Combined, these transactions streamline our focus on the most strategic opportunities for Lumen, which we believe will drive significant long-term shareholder value. Chris will provide more detail on our new business product group formation and what that will mean on a go-forward basis, but I can tell you that our teams are energized by a clear focus on managing products by life cycle. Our reinvigorated approach to product life cycle management will help customers transition to go-forward technologies and allow Lumen to maximize the contributions of more mature offerings, all helping to drive our #1 priority, profitable growth. 
Our Quantum Fiber build is ramping with second quarter enablements more than doubling since the fourth quarter of last year, and we expect further acceleration in the second half of 2022 and into 2023. Permitting processes for our Quantum Fiber builds haven't improved as much as we would like, and we see supply chain challenges across our business. But we have not changed our target of 1 million or so enablements by year-end. 
Beyond accelerating fiber enablement, we're also excited to announce the launch of our multi-gig Quantum Fiber offering, which I'll discuss shortly. Although not yet where we want to be, we remain encouraged by our trends with our second quarter revenue performance improving both sequentially and year-over-year. We saw strength in areas where we are investing to grow such as security, cloud, IP products, wavelengths and fiber broadband, offset by anticipated declines in TDM, voice and other. 
As we look toward the second half of the year, we see the same macroeconomic pressures as everyone else. We are actively managing through supply chain constraints, which have caused some installation delays, but our strong relationships with our suppliers are proving invaluable in a challenging environment. We are also not immune to the inflation impacting all industries, and we did see increased pressure in the second quarter. 
That said, we believe the critical nature of our service offerings make them more durable as our customers grapple with what the current economic uncertainty means for their businesses. Customers are certainly being more thoughtful in buying decisions, but we are not seeing any meaningful change in customer cancellations. Those of you who have followed us know, we often see opportunities to win new business with new technologies during economic downturns. Fundamentally, we believe these risks are temporary in nature and do not impact our long-term strategy or opportunity. 
Inflation-driven cost increases, particularly labor costs, put pressure on our full year EBITDA guidance. However, we are amplifying our cost management strategies to offset this impact and are maintaining our full year EBITDA guidance based on our current expectations for performance in the second half of the year. 
We continue to execute on our transformation plan and remain focused on driving efficiencies in our business that will both improve our customer experience and help sustain operating margins as legacy services decline. The pace of these efforts has certainly been affected by the work required to prepare for the Stonepeak and Apollo transactions. But as we complete these transactions, we believe we have meaningful opportunities to continue driving automation, simplicity and efficiency into our delivery model. 
Just as Lumen is seeking to drive automation, simplicity and efficiency in our business, our customers are also pursuing their own digital transformations. I want to spend a little time today discussing Lumen's enterprise segment and the unique capabilities we bring to support our customers in those efforts. 
As we all know, today's enterprise customers operate in a very dynamic data environment. Everything is now a connected device, and enterprises generate enormous amounts of data from a seemingly endless number of sources. To innovate and to keep pace with their own market, enterprises need next-generation data-intensive applications to quickly acquire, analyze and act on that data. All the while, there's an ever-growing threat landscape. Whether it's augmented reality, cloud-based gaming, artificial intelligence and machine learning, the use cases driving today's enterprises are predicated on the availability of highly secure, large-bandwidth connectivity and low latency to their data-intensive applications. 
These applications run in a hybrid compute and store environment, where orchestrating centralized cloud, remote data center, edge cloud and on-premises resources is increasingly important. The fiber-rich Lumen platform delivers on these needs by offering a massively scalable and resilient architecture that, together with the service solutions we provide, help customers as they continue to innovate and deploy the next-generation applications today's markets demand. 
On the key point of latency, and I've mentioned this before, the Lumen platform can serve 97% of U.S. enterprises within 5 milliseconds of latency in an increasingly all-digital way with APIs and machine-to-machine interfaces. We believe this sub-5 millisecond proximity of our compute and storage edge cloud provides enterprises alternatives to move workloads where they can be optimized for efficiency and cost. 
Let me give you a couple of specific examples of how our capabilities are winning large retail enterprise and public sector contracts. On the enterprise side, we are helping global supermarket chains transition to store-of-the-future models across thousands of U.S. locations. We are leveraging our extensive network assets, along with our network design and consulting expertise, to deliver these complex solutions, including private cloud, MPLS, SD-WAN, LTE backup, fixed wireless and a host of security services with both on-site implementation and day 2 management. Of course, this is just an example within one of the many enterprise verticals we serve. 
In public sector, we've announced several recent wins, including the U.S. Postal Service, the USDA and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency. These solutions encompass a wide range of products such as edge computing, Zero Trust networking, unified communications, hybrid VPN and SD-WAN as well as managed network services as these agencies modernize their infrastructure and their capability to deliver services to U.S. citizens while at the same time, they secure and protect critical data and infrastructure against destructive individual and state actors. 
Our strategic wins, together with broader market demand and the capabilities of the Lumen platform, give us confidence that we are well positioned in our enterprise segment. These larger customer wins, coupled with the improving mid-market sales, provide both near-term and long-term revenue opportunities as we drive toward growth. 
Moving to Mass Markets. We are excited to update you on our progress with Quantum Fiber, which is the critical growth engine for this segment. As I mentioned earlier, in just 2 quarters, we have doubled our pace of new Quantum enablements with further acceleration coming. Our Net Promoter Score remains above 50, demonstrating the quality of our product and the easy-to-use nature of our all-digital experience. 
You may have seen our exciting announcement this morning that the architecture we've developed and the network we are deploying enables multi-gigabit services. In select areas, we now operate 3 gigabit per second, $150 per month solution and an 8 gigabit per second, $300 per month solution. The vast majority of our new builds will have this capability. Beyond the superior speed, our Quantum Fiber experience provides symmetric service, which is critical for the future applications and use cases. We believe these products are industry-leading and deliver an incredible value to our customers. And in fact, we've already begun taking orders. 
While it's early in the adoption phase of this type of capacity, we know where bandwidth demand is going. And we've developed our architecture well ahead of the curve and are prepared for ever-increasing demand for higher speeds and greater capacity. These multi-gig offers will enable future consumer and small business use cases such as VR, AR, gaming, work and learn from home, ultra-high-definition video streaming and other high-bandwidth services. 
The investments we are making in Quantum Fiber are building long-life assets with the capacity to meet current demand and the ability to meet future demand for fast, symmetrical capacity. Coupled with the all-digital experience and excellent customer experience we provide, we expect Quantum Fiber to deliver significant returns for our shareholders well into the future. 
We believe we have a very large and ripe opportunity to grow our Mass Markets broadband business through our Quantum investment. And with very low market share currently in our copper footprint, we have the ability to grow our embedded base of broadband customers by taking market share. We expect to accelerate taking share as we ramp our enablement and deploy best-in-class add-on capabilities such as network security, WiFi and the multi-gig offerings we announced today. 
We believe profitable revenue growth is a principal long-term driver of shareholder returns, and we continue putting the right assets to work to drive toward that goal. Our new business reporting categories provide clear line of sight into our efforts to drive revenue growth, enhance profitability and generate sustainable free cash flow. As we invest the capital required to execute on our growth plans, we are also returning cash to shareholders through our dividend while remaining committed to a healthy balance sheet. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris to discuss our second quarter results in more detail. Chris?

We don't see -- it's early to say, okay? So I'll try and answer the question, Simon, but it's early to say. We don't see necessarily a slower decision-making to the technology choice, to picking us. We might see a little bit of slower signing. There may be more people in the process for signing these contracts. But we don't -- we aren't seeing necessarily yet a slower decision-making on picking the technology, picking the winning thing. But it could be a little bit more thoughtful from our customers and how they sign and when they sign.

Sure. So back to what are we seeing from customers, I'll take that one first. The -- we see customers -- unlike COVID, when COVID hit, people just said, "We don't know what's going on. We got to stop." Unlike that, what we see today is people are looking -- customers are looking at their networks and recognizing that they have to continue to transform. And they have to transform in the products and services that we've built the Lumen platform to deliver. 
So fiber-based services through APIs where they can use edge computing to augment their cloud computing, use edge storage to augment their on-premises storage. They are moving toward those solutions, embedding security into them where they can, as you've heard me say before, be very nimble and adaptive and innovative in the way that they acquire, analyze and act on their data. And so we see that continuing as customers continue to upgrade. And in fact, in some -- historically, we've seen that during economic downturns, customers will accelerate some of that so that they can gain efficiencies within their own business. And so that's kind of what we're seeing today. 
With respect to expense reductions, and Brett, I'm interpreting the question as, did we give up anything as a result of the acquisition -- or the sale, the divestitures that we have, we did delay some of our ongoing transformation because the same people that were preparing for those divestitures were the people that drove our ongoing transformation. We talked about that early in the year. Those are coming to a close. And so we're continuing to look at transformation. But Chris alluded to the fact that we were actually doing more than that. It's not just the -- going back to the path that we had. We continue to look at everything, and we make sure that we figure out how best to deal with the environment that we've got. 
I'll give you kind of an ancillary example. We have CWA District 7 that represents about 5,000 of our employees. It's the largest union representative group that we have. And our contract with them expires -- I believe it's April of next year, right around that time. We started months ago working with them and trying to give predictability into our costs, trying to give predictability into our workforce and how we can align jobs and that sort of thing. And last night, the union members voted to ratify the agreement that we've made. So we have much better visibility into our cost structure for the coming 3 years beyond April of next year. 
And so those are the types of things we do on a very regular basis to make sure that we're looking at our cost structure, that we're looking at how do we invest in growth but, at the same time, fund that growth.

Sure. I'll take the first half of that question and let Chris talk about the second half. On supply chain, Eric, you asked if is it equipment, labor or materials. The answer is yes on all 3 of them. We deal with each of them differently. But the inflationary pressures that you see, that the rest of the market sees are the same ones that we see, and they come in those 3 main areas. We've got great -- not the inflation -- I'm sorry, the supply chain pressures. 
We've got great relationships with our large vendors. So whether that's material vendors or equipment vendors, we've got great relationships with them. We're working through their challenges with them, and we feel pretty good about that. And we think it's improving slightly. But it's too early to call whether that's a blip or a trend. And we'll continue to stay very focused on that, working closely with our large suppliers and our large vendors. And we will continue to work on labor costs. 
So for example, I mentioned CWA, but one of the things that we've also done with our employees is we brought -- we plan to bring all of the Quantum Fiber splicing in-house. We want to do that with super qualified technicians, very capable people. That's very important to get done, right? So we'll continue to look at how can we do some of these things ourselves as opposed to going out in the outside market. 
With respect -- does it slow the Quantum Fiber build? I have not changed my expectations that I've given our team, okay? I still want to get to close to 1 million homes this year. It certainly does affect us. We've talked about permitting. I mentioned it in the comments. Their labor shortages in permitting departments causes problems for us. Labor challenges in electric companies cause problems with us for pole attachments. And so there are other people's labor challenges that do cause us to slow. But I have not changed my targets that I've given our team internally at this point.

Before we answer, David, would you repeat the second part of that? I didn't catch it.

Okay. The part I missed was fixed -- I just didn't understand it. Thanks. Go ahead, Chris.

With respect to stimulus and what is that effect on the broadband -- the transitioning from one stimulus program to another one investment program, subsidy program, we -- it's too early to say. These programs are just being established. We'll see what they look like and how they come out. We do think there are opportunities for Lumen and Quantum Fiber to engage with those government programs, to make sure that we're bringing our capabilities to the largest footprint that we can. But our strategic focus is also a part of that. 
If you look at our Quantum Fiber build, we're focusing in on areas where we have network advantage, where we have scale advantage and where we can invest in dense ways to make sure that we have the low-cost advantage on building out networks. And so our strategic focus in honing in on the places that make most sense for Quantum Fiber is part of that whole equation. 
With respect to fixed wireless access, I don't know if you're meaning in Enterprise or if you're meaning in Mass Markets. In Mass Markets, I'd love to compete with fixed wireless access. Is it going to have an application? Of course, it is. The fiber wins, we announced this morning that we're going to build -- that we have the capability. On the platform that we're putting in the ground today, the platform delivers 8-gigabit solutions, 3-gigabit solutions. We can go to where our customers need us to go, and I think fixed wireless access runs out of scale much quicker than that. And you've heard me say this many times. Communication, data wants to get to glass as quickly as it can. And so we strongly believe in our ability to build Quantum Fiber in a way that competes with fixed wireless access. 
If you look at the Enterprise side, I have some of the same comments, but I see it more as an opportunity for us as we do campus area networking for our customers. We take the traffic in. We'd carry it out to our edge storage. We may use fixed wireless access to help them with their campus area networking. And so that's kind of my comment on that.

Well, I'll try and answer that. I can only really speak for Lumen, but I'll try and be as complete in my answer as possible. If you look at Lumen, we have -- our vendors, our off-net providers have been raising our rates to market rates as they can contractually. And we've been dealing with it, shielding it from our business by being very aggressive in our off-net to on-net transitions. Why pay anybody anything if you can do it yourself? 
And so since -- certainly, since the Level 3 transaction but really long before, we have been very focused on making sure that we move off-net to on-net and manage our costs that way. We also get to manage the customer experience. We give a much better customer experience when we control it end-to-end. And so we'll continue to do that, and we've seen that. But we've seen rate hikes over many years as either contracts expire or a specific thing will expire. We see our vendors moving to market rates. 
Now we intend to do the same thing. We do the same thing in our business, and we'll continue to do that. We raised our customers' rates to market rates if they're below and some particular deal expires. And I'm not addressing any particular one of our vendors or any particular one of our customers. But we do the same behavior. Who's making money at it? I can't answer that part of it. I mean, I know what the impact is on us.

So let me take as many of those as I can, Batya, and then I'll let Chris chime in if I miss any of them. With respect to government, look, we don't give out the percentage of any of those types of things for the reason Chris mentioned a minute ago, because we don't want to educate competitors in that sort of thing. 
But let me talk again about Lumen and what I see from our public sector. I think we have a great public sector team that does a great job of selling excellent products that fit our customers' needs. And if you look at the deals that I mentioned, USDA, the Border and Protection agency, USPS, just looking at those deals, those are all new to us that we took share from somebody because those are not new deals themselves. 
So if you look at our business, we are a share taker in the government. And it's because of the quality of the products, the Lumen platform and the excellent team that we have supporting the government and the track record that we have supporting them. So I feel very good about our government business. I think it's represented in our large enterprise customers, too, that I feel the same way for them that, yes, sometimes others look to large enterprises declining, and we certainly have challenges with it as well. But we take share from people more than some brand-new thing that never existed before. And so I feel good about the government business. 
With respect to cable, they'll always do something to kind of lead and preempt some overbuild and overcapability. And we saw a little bit increase in DSL declines but not anything substantial. Once we get our Quantum Fiber product in front of them, I think that we'll more than hold our own. When you have multi-gigabit symmetrical capacity with layered-on capabilities, I think we'll -- anything they do in the meantime won't really matter.

Yes. James, the other thing is we believe that we're transforming our business, and a big part of that are reductions in our cost structure and improvement in our customer experience. And we think that we've opportunities ahead of us. And we'll continue to focus on those things. 
Our business is evolving, and we are very good at evolving with it and modifying the way that we deliver our services. We've got the Lumen Marketplace. We've got the Lumen platform. We've got all sorts of capabilities that we're putting in place to make sure that we can deliver an outstanding customer experience with the lowest cost.

Sure. So let me take the first one slightly. There's nothing special to call out that comes to mind in fiber infrastructure services. But we're a fiber-based company, and that is the core of who we are and what we do. So I don't have any kind of special onetime. It's always lumpy. Those -- a lot of our business is lumpy, but fiber infrastructure tends to be lumpier than most. But it's who we are, and we're really, really good at it. And so I don't have any special thing to call out.

Thank you. Look, in closing, this has been a very active year for us. In addition to seeing the growth across multiple strategic enterprise product offerings, we closed the LATAM divestiture. We're on the eve of closing our ILEC divestiture. We've ramped Quantum Fiber build while launching new product capabilities. We see significant opportunity ahead for both our Business and Mass Market segments as we focus Lumen on the most strategic and best return opportunities. So I look forward to updating you on our progress as we execute our plan. And thank you for your participation in today's call. 
With that, we will end the call. Thank you again.