Thanks, Valerie, and thank you to everyone, for joining us. On today's call, I'll give you an update on the state of the business. Neel will provide an overview of the quarter's financial results, and then we'll go directly to your questions. 
I'll start by saying during the quarter, we continued to improve our customer experience, increased our business in wholesale sales sequentially and expanded our adjusted EBITDA margins to 40.7%. The quarter's results continue to validate the core tenet of CenturyLink. By delivering outstanding products over a world-class infrastructure with a primary focus in operational excellence, we can drive revenue, margin expansion and bottom line profitability. While we have a long way to go to simplify and streamline our internal operations and our customer interactions with CenturyLink, we certainly see the tangible results of our efforts that benefit both customers and shareholders. 
Since the close of the Level 3 acquisition, our adjusted EBITDA margins have expanded by more than 500 basis points. And as we said previously, we already have identified $800 million to $1 billion in run rate transformation savings. As of the end of the second quarter, our transformation initiatives delivered annualized run rate savings of $290 million, and we believe our results validate our ongoing ability to find, capture and generate savings while focusing on profitable revenue growth. 
During the quarter, we made good progress in our deleveraging objectives and our leverage ratio of net debt to adjusted EBITDA is now 3.8x. We feel confident in our ability to meet our leverage target of 2.75 to 3.25x within the next 3 years. 
From a revenue perspective, while year-over-year total revenue declines increased slightly, we saw improvement in sequential total revenue performance. We also saw improved revenue performance in IGAM and Enterprise both year-over-year and sequentially. While you've heard me say before that progress is never linear given the leading indicators in service delivery, sales and our sales funnel, we continue to expect revenue for IGAM and Enterprise to be higher in the second half of this year compared to the first half. 
I've mentioned on previous calls that we're investing to meet our customers' growing and evolving needs. CenturyLink has what I believe to be the world's best, most scalable and efficient fiber network. However, we continue investing and working hard to expand our infrastructure, broaden our service capabilities and create a better digital experience for our customers and our employees. We also recognize that our customers' needs are continually evolving as technology advancements drive changes within their operating models. 
I thought I'd give you a few recent examples that illustrate where we see the market going and how we are investing to drive growth in our business. As I mentioned last quarter, we added 4,500 new fiber-fed buildings to our on-net footprint in the first quarter of 2019. We continued that focus in the second quarter with the addition of approximately 5,000 new fiber-fed buildings. For contrast, Level 3 used to add something closer to 500 buildings per quarter, so I want to emphasize expanding our fiber footprint is a major area of focus for us. 
We know that when we have a building on-net, our fiber-based services provide a better, more reliable and higher-margin solution than competing infrastructure. Fiber beats twisted-pair copper. It beats hybrid fiber coax and it beats wireless, whether that's 5G or not. Fiber wins. It's highly flexible in increasing speeds. It is secure and really is the basis for all the other competing technologies. We just do one thing differently. We take fiber all the way to the customer, and customers always want fiber when they can get it. You can expect us to continue investing to expand the reach of our access fiber network. 
Beyond just being a superior technology though, fiber is well suited to meet the demands of emerging opportunities driven by artificial intelligence, machine learning and big data applications. Fiber-based solutions are better able to satisfy what we see as 4 key market trends: the need for highly scalable capacity, now ranging into multi-gigabits per second; the need for connecting an increasing number of widely distributed locations; the need for the network itself to protect the privacy and security of our customers; and finally, the need to move bandwidth-intensive computing resources closer and closer to the edge to reduce latency and unnecessary backhaul of traffic. Expanding our on-net building footprint certainly helps us meet these needs, but we've implemented a number of other initiatives to ensure CenturyLink maintains our position as the premier fiber-based provider for Enterprise customers. 
Turning to Slide 4 in our presentation. Last quarter, we showed a similar map illustrating our North American subsea fiber routes. This is a unique asset, and as I said earlier, we believe it represents the world's most scalable and efficient fiber network. However, we are further augmenting our capabilities. We also own an extensive and unparalleled conduit system that we leverage to bring the latest generation fiber capabilities to market with extraordinary speed and economic efficiency. Each of the long-haul networks we've acquired, Level 3, Qwest, WilTel, Broadwing, all had multi-conduit builds. Within the Level 3 network alone, we built 12 conduits to ensure we had sufficient space to grow and evolve as capacity in fiber technology evolve. Most of those conduits are still available for further network augmentation. But we've also interconnected all of those conduit systems to cherry-pick the shortest and lowest latency pads across the country. 
As illustrated on Slide 5, we recently announced the deployment of Corning's latest generation of ultra-low-loss fiber to build the world's best, most scalable optical infrastructure. This new technology enables higher capacity and more efficient optical design than earlier fiber technologies. Coupled with the selecting the shortest physical path between any 2 end points, we also improved latency significantly, which is a key factor for hyperscalers, bandwidth-intensive enterprises and dark fiber customers. 
We've completed 3.5 million miles of our current plan to build a total of 4.7 million fiber miles with ultra-low-loss fiber roughly 75%. We continue to see demand for additional routes, and we'll consider those to meet future customer needs. 
We recognize that access and long-haul transport are only part of the solution. There's increasing demand for computing capabilities at the edge of the network, and we believe we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on this market opportunity. In addition to our far-reaching fiber network, we operate a large number of edge locations that are well suited to enable edge computing. In the coming weeks, we expect to announce the details of our investments in our widely distributed and extremely well-connected edge computing infrastructure. Let me give you a specific example from a customer of what fiber-based edge computing capabilities can mean for them. 
Slide 6 shows an actual customer with close to 2,000 nationwide locations. We are working with this customer to evaluate the effectiveness of our edge computing solutions to more efficiently run applications and process huge amounts of data very close to the origin of that data. On this slide, you can see that our existing infrastructure is positioned within 5 milliseconds transport time for 95% of their sites. This means that the customer's applications and data can be processed more efficiently from 100 or so of our edge locations rather than processed on-premise at 2,000 separate sites, even worse for the customer or backhauled to a central location. 
In addition, our dynamic networking capabilities can provide real time network provisioning from the customer premise to our edge and then on to major cloud service providers. This example is for a specific customer but the results are indicative of what we see from other customers we're currently working with. This application can be an important solution for retail, banking, and really anyone that has a number of dispersed service locations that need to process large amounts of data in real time. The combination of our fiber network with edge computing infrastructure and managed services support is a very powerful and differentiated service offering. 
I'm not suggesting that edge computing will eliminate the need for today's hybrid computing or hybrid networking. To the contrary, our customers will continue to build and operate their own data centers. We'll continue to move compute resources to public data centers and specific applications to cloud service providers. Our customers want to dynamically manage their network and put different types of workloads in different environments. Through our wide array of hybrid networking solutions, CenturyLink provides the flexibility to do so easily. 
CenturyLink enables this flexibility with services like Dynamic Connections, which allows us -- our customers to make instantaneous changes to their network, capacity and configuration; and our Cloud Application Manager, which allows customers to manage their applications across hybrid cloud environments through a single seamless interface. 
Our network was purpose-built to enable us to expand at the lowest cost in the industry, and that's a big advantage. It allows us to go to market quickly and invest in these types of growth initiatives within the balance of our ongoing capital plans. This efficiency is demonstrated in our ability to invest in all of these initiatives as well as other growth opportunities within the scope of the CapEx outlook we provided for the full year 2019. Of course the purpose of these investments is to drive growth. We are beginning to see the benefits of these capabilities improving our ability to win. 
I'll give you another specific customer example of how investments in flexible scalable fiber-based connectivity are helping us win in the market. We recently won a contract to provide secure cloud connectivity to the U.S. Census Bureau for the upcoming 2020 Census. We'll formally announce this contract later this week. To support the Census Bureau's objectives to provide the best mix of timeliness, relevancy, quality and cost for the data they collect and the services they provide, CenturyLink will help to collect the census digitally by providing the Bureau with managed trusted Internet protocol services or MTIPS at speeds of 40 gigabits and higher. 
MTIPS, a Managed Security Service that provides secure cloud-based connectivity, will support the online system that will be available to all households completing the 2020 survey. The solution also allows the Census Bureau to access the responses via secure cloud applications for the first time. CenturyLink was selected by the Bureau due to our ability to meet their requirements for scalable connectivity and will play an integral role in helping the U.S. Census go digital in the most secure, reliable and cost-effective way as it takes an important mission of completing the 2020 Census. 
The Census is obviously a unique example, but that's the point of hybrid networking solutions from CenturyLink. Our customers can enable the capabilities to address their particular need. This solution highlights our ability to provide scalable, flexible network solutions that we believe are defining the next generation of Enterprise networking. 
Turning to our own internal transformation initiatives as I noted earlier. We're making good progress in this area, exiting the quarter with around $290 million in annualized run rate savings. We appreciate the cost efficiencies and we know they are substantial, but the cost savings are almost a byproduct. The real value comes from the significant improvements in the service experience, both for our customers and employees, that result from an entirely digital interaction model. These improvements not only enhance margins, they increase customer satisfaction, reduce churn and improve sales. This work is as important as anything we are doing in the business, and we are very focused on doing it well. 
Neel will cover the specific results of the Consumer business, but I will highlight that we are continuing to see success with our micro-targeting efforts. As a reminder, we micro-target where we build fiber and are micro-targeting our marketing and sales efforts, too. We are continually expanding these efforts in new neighborhoods and additional cities. What we have said about our Consumer business still holds. We will invest where we can grow revenue profitably, and we will grow where we invest. We are seeing the benefits of this approach and have more than doubled the number of subscribers with services at 100 megabits per second and higher since the second quarter of 2018. We will continue to push for higher market share in areas where we have invested to enable these higher speeds. 
I'll also note that related to the Consumer business, we took a $15 million charge during the quarter in connection with a tentative settlement we reached in the nationwide consumer class action cases we've been defending since mid-2017. The agreement remains subject to judicial approval, but we are very pleased to have a tentative resolution of the class action claims behind us. We've been very focused on simplifying and improving our customer experience since before this litigation was initiated and feel good about the ongoing improvements we are seeing in that part of the business. 
Before I turn the call over to Neel, I want to comment on the strategic review for our Consumer business. Our internal team and our advisers are making good progress in the review. With that said, as we mentioned last quarter, this will be a lengthy and complex process, and we do not intend to provide updates until we have determined the best path forward. In the meantime, we are not modifying our consumer investment, and we are continuing to operate our Consumer business to transform it and the services we offer. 
I'll also reiterate something I touched on last quarter, and that is that this process is not unusual for us. We evaluate all aspects of our company on an ongoing basis to ensure we are using our assets to deliver the best value for our company and our shareholders. If we see opportunities to drive higher levels of value with alternative approaches, much like you see us undertaking in the consumer review, we will do the work necessary to understand our options and implement the options to provide the best free cash flow per share return. 
I'll now turn the call over to Neel to provide an update on our detailed financial results for the quarter. After that, we'll open it up for your questions. Neel?

Thank you, Neel. France, would you explain the process?

And just to add, I apologize, Neel. On the CPE, that's a conscious decision. That's something that we intentionally did. We still sell CPE, but we do it when it brings network with it, when we can do managed services and professional services, when we can do things to increase the margin around it. But in the past, there were times when we would just sell CPE without any of those other services and we stopped doing that. That doesn't make us money, distracts our organization, and that's one of the efforts around profitable revenue that we focused on.

And then with respect to the CAF question and whether we'll participate in the upcoming auction, the rule, the suggested rules have just come out. We've got a comment period, I think, until the end of the year. We'll look at it and we'll see if it makes sense. And if it does for us, then we will participate in those actions. And if it doesn't make sense, then we won't. If you look historically, there are some times we participated and some times we didn't. And so we will evaluate that as the rules get finalized and as we look at the specifics.

Sure. With respect to how much capital, we haven't given out any of that information. What I will tell you is it is fully contemplated in our 2019 capital outlook that we provided and it's part of the growth initiatives that we talked about over in previous earnings calls. The completion is the end of 2021, but the majority of that long delay has to do with Europe. In North America, I don't have the exact date in front of me, but it's not a network where you've got to wait until everything's turned up. We prioritize the routes based on the demand from our customers. We will activate those routes. We're in the process of activating them. We've installed the fiber. We'll continue to do that based on the prioritization that our customers want. 
So we're really pleased with our ability to roll this out very quickly. If you have a network that's direct buried into the Earth, it costs you an enormous amount to open a new trench. It costs you an enormous amount of time to get all the rights of way and all of that. And what we do is we route and rope the conduits. We pull the fiber directly into the conduit. It's very simple, very straightforward and very cheap compared to the alternatives. So we're really pleased to use our very extensive conduit network to take advantage of that. 
With respect to M&A, we don't really talk about M&A before we do something. We will continue to be active and looking. We're an acquisitive company. We'll make sure that anything we do is accretive to the business and free cash flow basis and a functionality basis, and so we'll continue to look at that. Right now, our real effort is transforming CenturyLink and looking at the way that we interact with our customers and creating an environment where we can do seamless things. 
I mentioned in the prepared remarks our Dynamic Connections. Dynamic Connections for Enterprise customers allow them to establish connectivity with us and then use that connectivity by typing in a few key strokes to either increase the speed or redirect it from one cloud service provider to another or one of their data centers to another and really give them the flexibility to use that in a digital way. The next step of that obviously is to create a connection between their systems and our systems where their AI tells us to automatically upgrade that capacity or do something. And so that's really the effort of ours over the next couple of years. And so there's some tuck-in type ideas that might make sense to go with that, but we don't talk about any specifics until we do something.

Sure. I got distracted. On the consumer, first of all, I don't know anything that we might have said in May. So if there's something specifically I said, remind me of it. But no, to answer your question, and I won't take any more questions on the consumer process just because it's still early in the process and I don't have anything, any real update. But we haven't ruled anything out. We're open-minded. And we think that it's important for us to look at all options and including continuing to own and operate it. And so we're open to all of the various options and really just trying to understand the best way to maximize free cash flow per share for our shareholders over the long time. And then the second question was on the overbuild and the impact that has on dark fiber. Is that right?

I think it has great impact on dark fiber. We are quietly a very large dark fiber sales company. We don't emphasize it that much externally but we love it. We have great customers. This ultra-low-loss fiber is important to our dark fiber customers, in some of our dark fiber customers, not all of them, the hyperscalers I mentioned, large enterprises that have huge bandwidth requirements and then again, some of our dark fiber customers that are trying to serve their own needs internally. And so we think it'll be -- we think it's a real opportunity for us.

Sure. I'll answer the low-calorie and then let Neel add any specifics he wants to do. I think it's getting behind us. There's not any super, major low-calorie revenue that we're targeting today. We -- in the Consumer business, we said we're going to deemphasize the Prism linear TV and we've deemphasized contracts and gotten out of contracts that we thought were underwater. We stopped selling CPE. A lot of that is still in the year-over-year comparisons, Brett, so that makes it kind of difficult. But if you start looking at the sequential comparisons, it will be in there less and less. So I think that going forward, we'll stop talking about that even though there are going to be some here and there that affect us. 
The other thing that we're trying to do though is with some of this low-calorie revenue, we're trying to increase the profitability by moving things off-net to on-net. And then we will do rate hikes. And if we can't make it profitable then -- with rate hikes, then the customer may leave us. But those are small things around the edges. I think it's starting to fall out of the year-over-year comparisons, but it's going to be faster falling out of the sequential comparisons.

And with respect to IGAM and Enterprise, the demand environment that we see, look, we love this business. We think there's great demand out there for the types of products and services that we sell and that the demand is growing for those types of products and services. Now some -- there are some products that are going to decline as customers transition to us and transition to the newer products and services. And we think that's a good opportunity to go out and take share from other people and help those customers make that transition. So we think market is good for us. We think we have great assets and great network capabilities. We want to continue to expand that and augment it, adding 4,500 buildings in the first quarter gets us to more customers; adding 5,000 buildings in the second quarter gets us to more customers, gives us a better footprint to deliver those services on. 
We know when we sell on-net, we do a better job for the customer. We make more money. It's all around a good thing. And so we look at the market, and I said this for a long time, it's whether it's the market or the economy, we look at it and say, it's up to us to execute. If CenturyLink executes in a way that we can, with the network assets that we have, with the capabilities and the products and services and the Managed Services and all of those things, if we invest appropriately for growth continuing to augment our capabilities, we win. And so I don't really have any great comments on the market other than it's good for our products and services.

So I'll take the second question, and Neel can talk about the pricing. As I said previously in the answer and in the prepared remarks, we look at everything. And we are not opposed to evaluating each individual business that we have, each individual line of business, and we will continue to do those types of things. And there's nothing I want to call out but there are some things that we're actively looking at and have been since the -- over the past several months, and we'll continue to do that. One of the things you've got to do is you've got to have a willing buyer and a willing seller. And we're in the process of figuring out, first of all, if we're a willing seller and secondly, if there's a willing buyer out there. 
Now what we do know is that regardless of the particular product or the particular line of business, if we focus on growing free cash flow, then we have options to whether we want to keep it or not keep it. And so every part of our company, we are looking at how do we get it to contribute free cash flow. And if we don't think we can, for example, the Prism TV, if we don't think we can get it to contribute the level of free cash flow that we want, we'll stop doing it.

First of all, thank you for noticing that they're substantial because we're working hard at it. And I will tell you that we prioritize buildings for off-net to on-net. We prioritize them for free cash flow. I hate to keep using the same phrase, but it actually offer -- it's the driving factor behind our company. And so off-net to on-net is a guarantee and we know it. Existing sales is another way that we prioritize them. And there's not quite -- not all that many of it we do a build it and they will come type approach. That's very rare. So the addressable market are opportunity for us to remain at this pace. And I can't predict how long, but it's going to be driven by as long as we're finding buildings that we can profitably build into that make us money, we'll continue to do that. And it's not a limiting factor of our ability to turn those buildings up. It's -- the limiting factor over the long-term will be what types of returns do we get for each of those buildings. And right now, we're very pleased with it. So I can't give you a prediction of how long it will last, what I will tell you is that when we look at our capital outlook, we factor in these building adds as well. So as you look at our capital outlook and you think about it for the year, whether it's long-haul, ultra-low-loss fiber, whether it's edge computing expansions or building adds, that's factored into our capital outlook.

Yes. So qualitatively, the churn has been pretty good. Especially a year after an acquisition, we're pretty pleased with the churn. And that tells us we didn't do anything wrong in working with our customers. It doesn't say we necessarily did everything right, but it tells you we didn't do anything wrong. And if you look at our churn across the business, broadband subs and consumer, although there's seasonality in the second quarter typically, if you look at year-over-year second quarter, we're pretty pleased with our overall churn. Enterprise, wholesale -- wholesale, we've described for a long time to be flat to slightly down, and it's going to continue at the trends that it is. It's just the nature of that business. But we manage it, again, we manage it pretty heavily for margin and for contribution.

And I am very focused, and Lisa Miller who runs that business unit is very focused on selling to small and medium business, in lit buildings outside the legacy CenturyLink footprint. Level 3 never focus there because it's not that type of customer we focus on. CenturyLink never focused there because that's not the type of -- we didn't have the network to sell to those customers. And so neither side of the previous companies focused on those, that's a great opportunity for us. We have to stay focused and we have to really drive our opportunities outside of the region for those customers.

Yes. So on the -- I've not had a fiber glut question in years, so Mike, thanks for teeing that one up. If you think back to 2000, 2002 when there was a glut of fiber, it wasn't a glut of fiber. It was a glut of fiber providers. And so we had Level 3 and Qwest and WilTel and Broadwing and IXC and all these companies going out and building the same assets between the same locations, and then they started getting into trouble. And when you get into trouble, the next dollar of revenue leads to another dollar of revenue so you get irrational pricing. We don't have that today. We don't have a glut of fiber. Obviously, we wouldn't be augmenting fiber if there was a glut in the industry. We don't have a glut of competitors out there. There are a lot of good fiber competitors, a lot of good companies, but they're -- but for the most part, it's a rational market and we're building fiber where we need it. I don't worry about a fiber glut. I don't worry about some irrational player selling fiber for ridiculous prices. It's a fairly rational market. It's a competitive market, but it's a fairly rational one. So I'm pretty pleased with where we are. I don't worry about it that much.

They were painful days for all of us.

Before we finish -- I think that was the last question, so before we finish the call, I'd like to wrap up with a few key points. We remain focused on growing adjusted EBITDA and expanding margins. We delivered on those objectives again this quarter while also focusing on improving the customer and employee experiences. With a solid quarter of sales and a strong funnel, we're seeing signs of improving revenue performance and expect a better second half of the year for IGAM and Enterprise. 
We continue to evaluate strategic options to create value with our asset portfolio. In the meantime, we're working diligently to operate the business for growth, maximum efficiency and long-term return of free cash flow per share. We're excited about the investments we're making to continue to enhance and expand our fiber network and to solve our customers' evolving networking needs, like edge computing. We continue to make progress toward our deleveraging objectives and expect to meet our leverage target within our 3-year time frame. 
And finally, before I conclude the call, I'll remind you that as always, our guiding principle is growing free cash flow per share. Every action we take and every option we review is in the context of that metric. 
Thank you all for joining today's call and for your continued support of CenturyLink. France, that concludes the call.