Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call, I'll provide a few thoughts on our third quarter results, an update on our recently announced transactions, a review of our key capital allocation priorities and outline our investment plans as we continue to position the company for long-term sustainable revenue growth. I'll then ask Neel to discuss the third quarter in more detail. And of course, we'll reserve time at the end for your questions.
We're pleased with our third quarter sequential revenue progression. In fact, we showed sequential growth in both IGAM and Large Enterprise, showing the resilience of our business as COVID-related headwinds begin to diminish. We're also pleased with the continuation of the strong sales we saw in the second quarter and our growing funnel, which should provide a strong foundation as we drive toward growth. 
Overall, it's an exciting time for Lumen as we continue evolving and transforming the company for long-term growth. Our Lumen platform continues to resonate with customers and is the cornerstone of our digital transformation for enterprises. In addition, I believe our Quantum Fiber platform is unique in the market and not only drives an enhanced customer experience but also drives revenue growth and even lowers the operating cost for our Mass Market segment, improving the profitability and sustainability of the business.
I'm excited to discuss the investments we're making to drive Enterprise and Quantum Fiber growth, but let me start with an update on our previously announced transactions. Both the sale of our 20 ILEC states and our LATAM business are important steps to positioning our company for the long term. Those transactions materially change the mix of our business operations, which will amplify and accelerate the positive outcomes for our focused investments in our retained markets. Both transactions were executed with strong valuations, which we believe validates a much higher value for our retained portfolio of assets. 
Worth more than $10 billion collectively, we're making excellent progress toward closing both deals. We currently expect the LATAM transaction with Stonepeak to close during the first half of 2022 and believe the Apollo transaction will close in the second half of 2022. After considering the transfer of our Embarq debt to Apollo, pension and OPEB liabilities, tax and other transaction adjustments, we estimate that we will receive approximately $7 billion in combined net proceeds from the deal.
Looking beyond the transaction. If you turn to Slide 4 in our investor presentation, you can see our top 5 priorities for putting to work the significant free cash flow we generate and the proceeds from these transactions. As this slide illustrates, investing in growth is always our highest priority, and we're very excited about what we see as high-return, high-confidence opportunities to invest in both Enterprise and Quantum Fiber growth.
Let me start with Quantum Fiber. First of all, the quantum acceleration plan has already begun. On our last earnings call, I highlighted the attractiveness of our Mass Market assets in the 16 states we will retain after the sale to Apollo and noted that approximately 70% of our footprint or about 15 million locations will be in urban and suburban areas, the majority of which are economically attractive for our quantum expansion. Our Quantum Fiber initiatives continue to deliver, growing third quarter revenue 25% year-over-year. As we transition from micro-targeting to a broader market approach for deployment, we have high confidence in our ability to drive significant revenue growth for years to come.
As I mentioned during the second quarter call, we plan to accelerate Quantum Fiber investments in our retained markets. As of the end of the third quarter, we had approximately 2.5 million enabled locations within the retained 16 states. Historically, we've enabled around 400,000 locations per year, and we expect that pace will continue in the fourth quarter. As we accelerate our investment in Quantum Fiber, in 2022, we expect to ramp that enablement pace to over 1 million new locations, on our way to hitting a run rate of 1.5 million to 2 million enablements per year as we exit 2022. When deploying Quantum Fiber, we typically expect penetration rates of 40% or better with average build cost of less than $1,000 per location enabled. 
After a thorough review of our footprint and given these economics, we expect our total addressable opportunity to be more than 12 million locations. Our Quantum Fiber plan for 2022 is fully funded, and we're very excited about these investments. But it's not just excitement born from hope. It's excitement born from experience and accomplishment. As we built Quantum Fiber, we've done more than simply construct new fiber. We built an excellent quantum experience and product capability that is now ready to ramp aggressively, providing higher ARPU, lower churn and greater customer lifetime value.
Over the past couple of years, we have executed a successful fiber deployment program using a deliberate and micro-targeted approach. This approach has enhanced and proven our capabilities, and we are positioned to execute on our much more aggressive plan. Our custom algorithms predict the cost to build and likely penetration levels for our fiber enablement opportunities, maximizing the efficiency of our capital spend. Our experienced and actively engaged workforce is already ramping for our accelerated Quantum Fiber build plan, and we are confident in our employees' ability to deliver on our plan.
We know supply chain is a major topic currently. So let me address that head on. We've been in close communication with our diverse and reliable supplier base and have commitments from them on their ability to deliver. However, we take nothing for granted, and this is an area where we will continue to closely monitor.
Moving to our Enterprise business. Rest assured, this much larger segment of Lumen is equally exciting for us. And we will continue to invest aggressively in our edge compute and storage platforms, our managed service offerings and our security products as well as continuing to automate and improve our customers' digital experience across many of the core networking services. 
With our extensive long-haul and dense metro infrastructure, our network provides low latency, ultra-high capacity, resilience and cost advantages over many of our competitors. We have a robust and extensive fiber footprint for enterprises, and that allows us to continue to focus our capital investment on our platform experience, higher penetration in existing buildings, new product offerings and when driven by customer opportunities, success-based fiber expansion. 
A few examples of recent wins in our business segment demonstrate the diversity of our customers and the need for our services across virtually all industries. These wins include a cloud TV enabler, an independent renewable energy, clean technology provider and a hyperscaler. All of this is in addition to our recently announced network modernization contract for the U.S. Postal Service. There is strong demand for the enterprise services we enable, and we continually evolve our product portfolio to leverage our robust fiber network and provide services our customers need to drive success in their businesses.
We believe our growth investments, coupled with our streamlined post-divestiture portfolio, will create tremendous value for our shareholders. The transactions will improve our revenue quality from day 1 and allow for focused investment, targeting our most strategic, highest ROI opportunities. We believe there are attractive opportunities to put new capital to work, driving revenue growth and with returns well above our cost of capital. You've heard me say this before, we will invest for growth and grow where we invest.
Another key priority for Lumen is the importance we place on returning cash to shareholders. Therefore, we have no plans to modify our dividend, which we believe is sustainable at the $1 per share level. Although our payout ratio will likely rise in the near term, as we streamline our asset portfolio and invest in the quantum and enterprise opportunities, we expect our focused operations to provide the underpinnings for top line growth in 2 to 3 years, which we expect will drive a more normalized dividend payout ratio over time.
Our Board believes the return of cash in the form of a dividend is an important part of our value proposition, and we are focused on supporting our dividend even as we make the investments necessary to reach our growth objectives. As I mentioned in our last earnings call and as you can see in priority 3, we will manage our balance sheet to remain more or less leverage neutral over the next few years. As we accelerate our Quantum Fiber deployment plan, we do expect the time line to reach our target net leverage ratio of 2.75 to 3.25x adjusted EBITDA will be extended.
With our 2 announced transactions, I'm not just using CEO speak when I say we are open to smart optimization of our assets. We are open-minded, and we'll continue to evaluate asset optimization that makes sense for our shareholders. But we've also demonstrated our discipline in driving and working for the right deal, not just a deal to get something done. There's no urgency for us to divest assets, and our thoughtful approach to the ILEC sale resulted in additional years of cash flow from operations and stronger multiple received and a strong partner in Apollo as we move our business forward. We'll continue the same open-minded, disciplined approach to assess further optimization, both to improve our business mix and to fund growth in our retained businesses.
Lastly, let me talk for a minute about share buybacks. As you've seen, we completed the $1 billion share buyback that we announced last quarter, reducing our share count by about 81 million shares or approximately 7% of our total shares outstanding. I'll also note, we funded this buyback largely with our third quarter '21 free cash flow. We executed this buyback quickly because we believe our shares are deeply discounted and do not reflect the significant opportunity for Lumen going forward. Our Board continues to believe this and is prepared to authorize further buybacks on short notice if we believe this presents a prudent use of our shareholders' capital.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Neel to discuss our third quarter results. Neel?

Yes, Brett, thanks for the question. I think that's right. If you listen to our comments or prepared comments, we noted that our 2022 plan is fully funded. And while it's way too premature to talk about things beyond that, there are a number of levers that we have. We've been improving our capital efficiency. You saw that in this year's results, we'll continue to look at nonstrategic assets that we can divest, if that makes sense. 
And our capital spend is evolving. We're not necessarily spending on certain capabilities where the heavy lifting is already behind us. So a lot of our transformation capabilities and other things. And so there are a number of levers that we believe that the 5 key priorities that I outlined earlier and that are in the investor presentation are the key things for our business, and we think we have the funds to do them all.

Yes, we're open to a number of outcomes. What we will do immediately is continue to operate them to provide a great customer experience to retain the business to -- as much as we can and to manage it for cash flow the way that we've been managing some of that. And so you are right, there's something like 21 million homes in our overall footprint, and we'll continue to figure out how best to optimize those homes for free cash flow over time. 
And Neel, do you want to add to that?

And the 15 million, just one last clarification, was the homes that we thought were in urban and suburban areas, the locations in urban and suburban areas. So we'll continue to manage the overall business for free cash flow like we've done, continue to manage it to provide a great customer experience so that we keep our customers happy and they stay with us.

Yes. So I haven't sort of [ given ] exactly how many years this is, but I can give you some rough figures that I gave in the previous comments, which we do about 400,000 homes today with our micro-targeting approach. We've been working to ramp our capabilities and expect to do something like 1 million homes next year in 2022 and then by the end of the year being at a run rate of about 1.5 million to 2 million homes per year. 
And so we'll work that out. It's going to be more driven by the mundane things associated with building infrastructure than any other constraint. But we think that we've got a great team with experience, with capabilities, and we have very high confidence in our ability to hit those numbers and grow the business aggressively.

Yes. So first of all, there is the improving mix as a result of these transactions that we've done, and we'll look at additional asset rationalization if possible, which we would expect to improve that as well. And we believe in our products and our capabilities. We've been working hard for the last couple of years to build out our capabilities across a broad platform of services. And we're focused as a company. 
We're a fiber platform company. If you listen to the earnings calls of our competitors, you'll hear about theme parks and television networks and wireless spectrum auctions. When you listen to Lumen, you hear about 2 things: fiber and how we use our platforms to seamlessly integrate our capabilities within our customers' businesses or within our customers' homes. So it's fiber to enterprises, it's fiber to consumer, it's fiber to small and medium business, and it's the platform in which we deliver those to create a unique and differentiated experience for our customers.

Sure. Thanks, Phil. Let me start with the Enterprise sales. We're pleased with our sales momentum in the third quarter. Nothing is ever linear, and it's lumpy sometimes in our business. There's seasonality. There are other factors that go into it. But if you look at IGAM, our International and GAM business, and our Large Enterprise, they were particularly strong. And so we're pleased with the momentum that we've seen. 
The funnel has been building since about midway through the first quarter. So we've seen the funnel return to our prepandemic levels. We continue to augment our products and capabilities. We believe the fiber infrastructure we have is a unique value proposition, brings unique value proposition to our customers. And so we're pleased with our competitive position and our ability to take share moving forward that -- again, moving forward. Again, nothing is ever linear, but we have high confidence in our revenue growth. 
And it's part of the reason you did see us go through the buyback so quickly. We absolutely believe that our business is undervalued. And I've got data points that I can point to. We've done the -- we've done the -- some of the parts analysis for you before. If you look at the sale of 20 kind of out-of-region, small ILEC states, we sold those places we were not investing. So you would expect to be at a lower multiple than the places where we were investing. We sold those for 5.5x adjusted EBITDA. And so we think that was a very good valuation for that business. If you look at LATAM, we sold it for 9x EBITDA. And we think that's a good valuation for that business. If you look at the remainco within Lumen in the context of that, you can -- hopefully, you can see why I think we're still undervalued. 
Then if you couple with that our confidence in our ability to grow, our confidence in the investments that we're making in Quantum Fiber, our confidence in the investments that we've made in edge computing, edge storage, managed services, the platform to deliver all of our core networking services, our security capabilities, if you look at those things combined together, you can see why we've decided it was good to be aggressive in the pace of buyback.

Yes. I'll let Neel chime in on this. I'll give you kind of a big picture. Look, we don't typically give revenue guidance, so I'm not going to get into detailed guidance there. But we have a funnel that's been increasing. We like the sales that we saw in the third quarter. Nothing is ever linear, but we're executing and working hard in the fourth quarter to drive our sales, to drive our revenue growth.
There was another part of your question I was going to address but...

Sure. I'll [ TF ] and then let Neel try. There's a lot packed in there. Legacy consumer versus -- the business that we're selling versus the business that we're keeping, we don't really look at it and certainly don't give out information on it separately. But the legacy business is performing like we've seen it perform, and our team has done a really good job of managing that business for cash. And we have invested as we thought was appropriate to continue to expand our homes passed. 
If you look at the retained 16 states at the end of the year, we'll have something like 2.6 million fiber-enabled homes. You've seen us grow our Consumer and Mass Market business at the rate of, I don't know, 45,000 subscribers over 100 megabits per quarter, something like 28,000, 30,000 of those on pure fiber. And so we continue to have the parts of the business where we're investing grow. And we continue to have the parts that we're not investing, we manage those for cash.
Part of the rationale behind the sale to Apollo was that they will invest more in those markets. We think there's great opportunity in them. We just weren't going to invest in them at the pace that we thought that they deserve, and we think that Apollo will do that and gave us a good valuation for it. And so it makes part -- it's part of our funding philosophy, is how do we fund what we want to do. Part of it is to sell assets, but part of it also is to shift some of that funding obligation to somebody else. They can grow that, and we don't spend the money there.
Now we have -- I've gone through it. I can go through it again. But we have lots of sources -- we have significant free cash flow that we generate, and we have opportunities to continue to rationalize parts of the business that makes sense for us and parts that don't make sense for us. But we think that we're in a very good position to do the things that you sound a little dubious about, but we think we're in a good position to do those things. 
And we'll continue to focus on making sure that we maintain our dividend, that we invest in growth -- first and foremost, that we invest in the growth that we think we can drive, and we can maintain our dividend, and we can -- but stay relatively leverage neutral. And I've not made any commitment to doing a share buyback, additional share buybacks, but I do want you to know that our Board is very prepared to authorize one if we thought that was appropriate. 
And Neel, I don't know if you want to add to that.

Yes. So why don't I try and unpack the $10.2 billion to $7 billion. And then, Neel, you might want to talk about cash flow for 2022. The -- so look, in big pictures, it's what I said in my prepared remarks. There are a lot of puts and takes. But starting with the Embarq debt, we're transferring $1.4 billion worth of Embarq debt. That's a liability that we're eliminating on the Lumen side and transferring over. 
So that's actually one of the proceeds of the deal, is that we're using that to transfer that liability. Then there are things like pension and OPEB liabilities in there, a few hundred million dollars. And we have taxes and deal costs. And so we can, at some point, kind of break some of those down. But those are the big picture items, and it goes from $10.2 billion to $7 billion.

Well, I said earlier that with the -- what we are investing in through Quantum Fiber through our edge compute and all of our other capabilities, the Lumen platform, we believe that we'll -- and the divestiture of certain assets, we believe that we'll return to top line growth in 2 to 3 years.

Yes. Just to augment Neel's answer, looking at us from the outside, you probably discount that capital efficiency. Looking at us from the inside, we do not discount that. Those are real numbers that we see benefit from. And if you look at what we've been investing in on the Enterprise side, it's been pretty significant. 
We, first of all, invested in making sure that our cost structure is appropriate, that we can deliver a level of service with a lower cost every year to deliver that and make sure that we're improving our service quality. We've done that. We continue to invest in edge computing and edge storage. We think those are great opportunities for us. 
We gave you -- at the beginning of the year, we said we'd have 95% of the U.S. within 5 milliseconds of our edge facilities by the end of the year. We finished that somewhere at the end of the second quarter, beginning of the third quarter. We actually over-exceeded in the coverage and in the time frame, we were much faster, and then in the cost to deliver. 
And so we are very careful with our investments. We've augmented our adaptive networking, our connected security. We're working on our unified communications and collaboration capabilities. We're continuing to augment our platform and our services, and we see success in the market with those. And all that's in addition to Quantum Fiber, which we intend to ramp, as I've already talked about a couple of times. Thanks for the question, James.

Yes. So let me take the first question. I'll let Neel go through some of the detailed answers, and then I'll come back with the stock price conviction and what we're doing there. If you -- embedded in your question about Consumer is kind of, well, do you believe that the $10 billion is a good use of investment? We agree with that. I agree with that. I'm just going to go a little bit into why not do stock repurchases because we believe there are investments that are good for shareholders. 
But then you also kind of introduced the notion of you got to prove it, that it's good. And that's exactly what we've been doing over the last couple of years. We know that the building fiber is not the hardest thing in the world. We can build fiber. We can build fiber to a bunch of locations. But then how do you deliver the service to customers? And so we've been working on our best in business capabilities, our Quantum Fiber capabilities, to turn up customers with low touch, with a digital experience in the way that they want to have the experience, to be able to layer other capabilities on top of that. 
And then we wanted to prove to ourselves as we moved away from investing in bonding and vectoring and things you have not heard us talk about for several years because we stopped doing them. As we put all of our focus on fiber, we wanted to prove that we could get to the penetration rates that we expect. And we can and we have. And we give you some insights into thinking that should be 40-plus percent penetration in places where we've been marketing for a period of time. And so we've done exactly what some of your question implied, which is prove that you can do this and prove that you have the capabilities and build those capabilities so that we can do it quickly, not just wait 6, 7 years to start seeing the return.
On the stock price conviction, we're absolutely convicted that the stock price is undervalued, and it's part of our capital allocation process but that we have other aspects of the capital allocation that we want to do, too, investing in growth, investing in the Quantum Fiber business, investing in our fiber footprint for enterprises, investing in our platform and our services that we layer on top of those things and then maintaining the dividend, maintaining our leverage range. And those are, in some ways, competing uses of our capital. But to several questions that we've already answered, we think we're in a good position to deliver on all of those. 
We will be in a position if we -- if the Board decides that it's appropriate for us to do an additional buyback. We will act quickly and we'll do so. It may not be the same pace of buyback that we did in the last one. We were pretty aggressive about that. But we will authorize one if the Board thinks that's the appropriate thing to do.

So thank you, Jonathan, for the question. And as you heard in our answer to Jonathan's questions and all of your questions today, we have a lot of optimism and excitement here at Lumen. We're growing markets, investing for growth through Quantum Fiber. We continue to enhance our already powerful enterprise platform and capabilities. We continue to return cash to shareholders. We're bullish on our future and excited for the ongoing transformational work that lies ahead. So I want to thank all of you for joining today's call and as always, the interest in Lumen. Thank you all.