Thanks, Valerie, and thank you to everyone for joining us. On the call today, I'll provide a high-level overview of our significant accomplishments in 2018 and discuss our updated capital allocation approach and how we are positioned for 2019 and beyond. I'll then turn it over to Neel for a detailed review of our 2018 results and the outlook for this year. After that, we will open it up for your questions.
As a quick recap, 2018 was a critical year for CenturyLink. At the beginning of the year, we shared our outlook with you, including expectations for EBITDA and free cash flow. During the year, we significantly raised that outlook. The actual results for EBITDA were solidly within and free cash flow slightly exceeded the updated ranges we provided. CenturyLink closed the acquisition of Level 3 at the end of 2017, and we spent most of 2018 focused on integrating the companies. While we still have more to do, we are ahead of where we expected to be at the end of our first full year.
During the year, we continued to implement a disciplined approach to managing the business for profitable revenue. We've moved quickly away from noncore, less profitable products and customer contracts and instead have focused more on product development, particularly around cloud, security, hybrid networking and edge computing for our Enterprise customers. With respect to synergies, we achieved the full run rate savings of $850 million in 1 year rather than the 80% in 3 years as initially projected. And we believe we still have more to come.
Sales from mid to large Enterprise customers, always a challenge during an integration, have been generally improving. But we are still not where we want to be. We're investing to improve our customer experience for all customers but especially our consumer and small business customers. We've also continued to invest in expanding our fiber network in the number of on-net fiber-fed buildings. Many companies talk about the strength of their networks, and I'll come back to that in a moment, but I want to emphasize that a key part of our value proposition for customers and shareholders is the tremendous set of assets we've assembled within the company.
Before I go any further, though, I want to talk about the capital allocation decisions we announced earlier today. This is obviously a big decision, and I want to share our thinking. First, we continue to believe returning cash to shareholders in the form of a dividend is an important part of our equity value proposition. However, as you saw, we announced today that we plan to reduce the annual dividend to $1 from the current $2.16 per share, beginning with the next dividend declaration. This decision is not based upon any concern for the outlook of our business. Our business fundamentals are strong, and we believe that our free cash flow could sustain the dividend at the prior level through 2019 and beyond. As I said, this change in policy isn't about a diminished view of our business. It is driven by our view that the long-term interest of shareholders are best served by proactively accelerating delevering to a new lower target range of 2.75 to 3.25x net debt to adjusted EBITDA. Even with our focus on debt reduction and increasing the investments in revenue and EBITDA growth initiatives, we will still return more than $1 billion a year in free cash flow to shareholders.
The net effect of our new policy is that we expect to achieve our leverage target in approximately 3 years while fully funding our business and resulting in a dividend payout ratio in the 30s. By reallocating more of our capital to leverage reduction, we believe we'll improve our cost of capital, return a significant amount of cash to shareholders at a very sustainable payout ratio and provide additional flexibility to respond to market opportunities and any potential interest rate challenges that may occur. This is not something we did lightly, but it is something we firmly believe is in the best long-term interest of our shareholders.
With regard to the NOL rights plan we also announced earlier today, the board voted to adopt a plan to protect our valuable net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs. As of the end of 2018, we had an NOL balance of $7.3 billion. Our ability to utilize our NOLs can be negatively affected if there is an ownership change as defined under the IRS rules. I won't get into the details of the IRS rules, but there is a 3-year measurement period from the closing of the Level 3 transaction. That transaction moved us significantly closer to a 50% change in ownership, which could cause us to lose a large portion of our NOLs. The purpose of the NOLs rights plan is to protect the company's ability to fully utilize its NOLs in the future and prevent the reduction in shareholder value that would result from the loss of those NOLs. The plan is limited in duration, expiring at the 3-year anniversary of the close of Level 3, approximately 21 months from now. This plan goes into effect immediately, but we will take the plan to shareholders for ratification at this year's annual meeting in May.
I mentioned earlier the tremendous set of assets we've assembled, and I would like to go a little further into that and why we intend to ramp investments from our 2018 level. If you turn to Slide 4 of the presentation, you can see many of the networks we have assembled to build CenturyLink. In fact, we operate nearly every next-generation fiber network that's been built since the late '90s. I'm not suggesting the technology we used back then to light the fiber is still in service, but the fiber itself and the conduit systems those fibers are placed in remain within our network and are incredibly valuable.
On the long haul side, we have consolidated the domestic and international fiber and conduit aspects of Genuity, WilTel, Broadwing, Qwest, Global Crossing and, of course, Level 3, serving customers in more than 60 countries worldwide and tied together with substantial subsea capacity. This is not a hodgepodge of network assets thrown together with a little bit of network here and a little bit of network there. To me, these assets really represent the combination of the best long-haul networks ever built.
On the metro side, our assets include, of course, Legacy CenturyLink but also the extensive metro assets of Level 3, tw telecom, Progress Telecom, ICG, Looking Glass, Embarq, Telcove. We are rich and deep in fiber and connect thousands of buildings worldwide. In fact, the conservative estimate we made when the transaction closed was that we had more than 100,000 fiber-fed buildings. After a detailed audit over the last year and with significant number of new buildings added to the network in 2018, we now report more than 150,000 Enterprise buildings worldwide, including more than 2,200 public and private data centers, and the number of on-net buildings is still growing.
In addition, our metro and long-haul conduit systems give us a significant cost and time-to-market advantage over 5 networks that were directly buried in the earth and a reliability advantage over infrastructures like aerial fiber. Adding our next long-haul fiber cable is a simple matter of pulling the cable into a spare conduit. No new rights-of-way, no permitting, no trenching, just pull and splice. As a result of the various networks we've acquired, we often have multiple routes and conduit systems to choose from to enhance diversity, improve latency and further reduce our cost to build.
I recently read an analysis that suggested we do not sell dark fiber. That's simply wrong. We actively sell dark fiber to an array of content providers, large enterprises, and are working with most major wireless operators to explore how we can work with them on their 5G initiatives to expand our network and our capabilities. We tend to focus on the large nationwide deals that benefit from the scope and scale of our fiber network, but we routinely win regional and metro fiber deals with customers.
Fiber deployment remains a crucial priority in our capital budgeting process, and we consistently add more fiber than you probably realize. While most cables deployed today are made up of traditional fiber types, looking at just the last 36 months, we've added 3.5 million fiber miles in new ultra-low-loss fiber that will enable new levels of performance across the network and for our dark fiber customers seeking to build their own multi-terabit systems. Although fiber technology has evolved far more slowly than the electronics used to light the fiber, we believe our spare conduits ensure we are future-proofed against technology changes and fiber constraints. Whether expanding our metro fiber footprint, continually adding new buildings or increasing our long-haul fiber inventory, we continue to invest in our fiber infrastructure.
Let me be clear, we believe CenturyLink has one of the premier fiber and conduit networks in the world. But we also have the capability to utilize those assets to deliver everything from the large dark fiber deals for a content company to adaptive networking for multinational enterprises utilizing a hybrid cloud architecture, down to SD-WAN or high-speed IT for small and medium businesses. As examples, the Cloud Connect services we deliver give customers flexibility, capacity and control of their network resources in a complicated hybrid cloud environment. Combining MPLS, SD-WAN and high-speed IT for other customers allows us to provide the different flavors of IT capabilities that they need to meet their location-specific network challenges and recognize that a one-size-fits-all is not the right model for technology-based services. And all of that is before you get to security, CDN or even services as seemingly mundane as next-generation call center solutions, all of which is on our fiber network and, more importantly, are enabling our customers' digital transformations.
Next on the horizon is edge computing. Again, our fiber assets are key, and we are investing to couple those assets with our widely distributed central offices, data centers and the other points of presence we operate to distribute computing resources at the very edge of the network.
A layer on top of our core capability is our own digital transformation and the improved customer experience and lower cost that will come from it, and I'm excited about where we are and where we're going.
I don't mean to reiterate things you already know about CenturyLink, but I want our shareholders to fully appreciate the assets and capabilities behind our investments. All of these initiatives and investments are aimed at expanding and leveraging one of the world's best networks to drive long-term free cash flow per share.
Turning to our 2018 results. We closed out 2018 on a strong note. I'll leave the details to Neel. But as I mentioned earlier, we met our guidance for full year adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow, both of which we raised through the course of the year. We saw improved revenue performance in our business markets. Part of the strong fourth quarter performance was related to professional services in the federal space and other onetime items in our international and global accounts group. But even with that, we still improved performance compared to third quarter 2018.
The company continued on its path to achieving synergies, reaching the full $850 million originally projected for the entire deal and have identified more opportunities still to come. And we've initiated the fundamental transformation of CenturyLink from a telecom company to a technology company. We expect these efforts to both improve our customer experience and increase our operating efficiencies.
Neel will give you the details on our outlook for 2019. But again, I'm excited about the future of our business. Over time, we see the opportunity to improve the revenue -- trajectory of our business markets revenue. Our 2018 financial guidance -- excuse me, performance gives us confidence in our ability to grow adjusted EBITDA and generate strong free cash flow even in the face of significant legacy revenue declines.
Our plan for 2019 includes investing to improve the trajectory of the business, increasing CapEx by roughly $500 million. As I mentioned earlier, those investments include expanding the fiber network, adding new buildings throughout our footprint, enhancing our Enterprise product portfolio, continuing our investments in CAF II and transforming our customer and employee experience.
We're also aligning our channel structure to take advantage of market opportunities and gain efficiencies. In January, we made an organizational change to combine our indirect channels with our small and medium business unit as these groups ultimately target the same set of customers. Given all of the new on-net buildings that came with the acquisition of Level 3, we are not yet serving the small and medium business addressable market as effectively as I want. Additionally, we moved our local, state and education sales team into our strategic Enterprise group, which manages very similar customers today.
For the Wholesale business, we expect to see much of what we've seen over the past few years, generally declining but predictable revenue. We're aggressively managing the Consumer business for cash contribution but also expect to see declines consistent with the past couple of years. We do invest heavily in our consumer experience and our digital transformation, essentially how we want to interact with consumers and believe that it will have a positive effect on churn and reduce costs. We are continuing to invest in fiber where we see good returns and expect to grow in areas where we invest. We're also deploying capital to support CAF II obligations.
Although there are a lot of things we can do to manage the Consumer business for cash, we are always open to evaluating other ways to maximize shareholder return from these assets. A big part of our story for 2019 is our focus on transformation. Our operational model is based on decades-old legacy systems and processes, which deliver a lower customer experience and a higher cost to serve than we want. We believe we can transform the experience and simultaneously greatly improve the cost structure. But whether you're talking about investing for growth or investing to transform our company, as I've said many times before, our focus is always on generating significant free cash flow per share. We will carry that focus into 2019 and beyond. We have a lot of work ahead, but we believe our asset base, our focus and our financial strength give us good reasons to be excited about the future.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Neel.

Okay. So thanks, Simon. And I'll start with the first one and then address the second one between Neel and me. I have said that I believe in our ability to drive free cash flow to attain a reasonable payout ratio. But then I didn't like the yield, the dividend yield, that we were generating. If you look at the free cash flow necessary to do what we announced today, you'll see I haven't changed my view on cash flow or the health of the business. We can always execute better, but we're executing well, and I haven't changed my view on how much free cash flow we'll generate. If you look at today's closing stock price, that's a yield of nearly 15%. I still don't think that's appropriate. Our board looked at our free cash flow projections and believe that cutting the dividend, investing in the growth of the company, paying down debt and still returning more than $1 billion a year to shareholders was a better path for the long-term value creation. Now you could also say, well, why didn't you do it at the beginning when you first became the CEO. If I had done it at the beginning when I first became CEO, you'd be asking, well, why don't you take your time to evaluate it and look at it. We think we've been very measured. We think we've been very -- looking at the long-term value for shareholders and are focused on how do we generate the best return for those shareholders and have implemented this new allocation policy based on those priorities that we see. With respect to capital, I'll let Neel get into the details. But we will continue to spend capital in the ways that we think we can to drive growth in our business, revenue growth but EBITDA growth, too. So at the end of next year, when we look at 2020, if we see opportunities to continue at the same pace of capital investment or an accelerated pace of capital investment to drive growth in those things, then we'll continue to do that. We think that's the best and highest use of our free cash flow. Neel?

Yes. We're -- thanks for the question, Tim. We're going to continue to expand our network. As I said, I believe that CenturyLink has one of the world's premier networks. You look at all the assets we've put together, the fiber conduit infrastructure that we have, the distributed data centers and central offices and, across the nation, route, huts and regional locations, if you look at our assets, we got one of the best. We can continue to make that deeper, closer to customers, add more buildings, and we'll do so. We can continue to upgrade technologies and make sure that as we go into a building that we can serve a variety of services and that if the customer calls us, it's a matter of typing in commands to provision service as opposed to doing truck rolls and other things. And so we'll continue to expand not only the footprint of the network, not only to add new buildings, but the fundamental capabilities of the network. If you think about edge computing, we think we can get our customers' computing resources very, very close to the edge of the network from a latency perspective by utilizing all of our facilities. So we'll look at the products and services and figure out, continue to work on how do we integrate those services into our customers' businesses. I mentioned that we're a technology company, not a telecom company. Telecom companies sell circuits. Technology companies interface our capabilities directly within the applications of our customers. And we'll continue to invest to do those things.

And, Mike, maybe to restate your question slightly, but I think I got it right. Really, you're asking, are we willing to divest the Consumer business when we look at it. The answer is of course. And in fact, if you look at our data center sale a couple of years ago, you'll see we asked the same question about various parts of our business. So we are continually looking at the businesses we're in and saying what should we do with them, how should we operate them, how well are we executing. If you look at the Consumer business, it's only 25% of our revenue. And we are clearly targeting Enterprise customers for our growth as the fundamental part of our business. And so it always makes sense to look at it. But we look at it through the lens of how do we generate the best return for shareholders. And in some cases, that's continue to operate those businesses. In some cases, it might be to do something else. And that is the lens that we'll look at it through is how do we -- and we're not married to the business. We don't feel that we have to be in it, but how do we best return value to shareholders.

Yes. So in -- I'll let Neel answer most of this. But in my comments earlier, I talked about the revenue declines coming from Wholesale. We talked about the revenue declines that we see from Consumer. And so all of our plans and our deleveraging plans, our dividend plans, all of those things fully contemplate those declines. I will let Neel talk about the cost savings that go with that. But from a revenue perspective, we fully bake those in.

So over time, not anytime soon. But over time, we may reach that leverage, then we think we will be in a better position. We think the stock will be higher, we think we'll have more cash and we think we'll have a better leverage ratio and debt structure. So -- but of course, we're doing this so that we can be in a better position to do acquisitions. That's not somebody should think that we're going to go out and do an acquisition tomorrow, no. This isn't -- this is a 3-year plan to improve the health of the company and to get us where we think we ought to be. And so we're -- I'm not talking about anything anytime soon. With respect to buybacks, we believe our stock is well below its intrinsic value. And whenever you think that's the case, then you certainly should consider a stock buyback, and we did that, and we'll continue to do that. But there's a lot of question out there whether buybacks create value for shareholders or not. But what's not in question for us, what is a certainty for us is that paying a dividend is a direct and near-term way to return value to shareholders. So you see us maintaining a dividend of more than $1 billion a year, investing in revenue and EBITDA. And ultimately, free cash flow per share growth creates enormous shareholder value. And so you see us not only maintaining the capital investments from 2018 to 2019 but actually increasing those capital investments by some $500 million. And what's not in doubt for us is that reducing leverage creates a stronger, healthier company and reduces the overhang that we see from the high leverage. And so I want to be very clear, right now, our focus is about investing to grow our business, reducing our debt and returning more than $1 billion to shareholders.

Yes. So let me take the second one first. First of all, I did not say that the yield being high informed the decision. I said -- I was talking about the comments I made before, and I have said repeatedly that I thought the yield was too high. But I did not say that, that informed the decision. What informed the decision is the belief that we need to delever and that we want to make sure that we continue to move down to lower leverage ratio and that we want to continue to invest in the business and to make sure that we are growing EBITDA and growing revenue where we invest. And so those things. Plus, we wanted to continue to return capital in the near-term basis to shareholders. So first of all, the dividend yield being high isn't something that was informing the decision. The decision was informed by fundamental business things that we look at. But it is a comment that I made before, and I was just reiterating that comment. Neel, do you want to take the second -- the first part of it?

And we can work with you off-line, David, to sit down and walk through some of those things on where we -- but we think that there are good places to put that money to use to the benefit of the shareholders and reducing the debt.

I don't know how to separate them. So you should think of those as kind of an inclusive number over the next few years.

I'll be happy to, but I want to reemphasize that I don't see any major M&A in the foreseeable future. I mean we're focused on executing on the integration of Level 3. We believe we have the greatest assets in the world, and we want to make sure that we fully take those to the market and leverage those to win the business. And so right now, we are focused on executing. However, just from a generic M&A standpoint, we look at capabilities that we lack and are there product capabilities out there or talent capabilities, are there things that we need to help us go where our customers are going. And I've mentioned this already, but a technology company has to integrate our capabilities into the systems and capabilities of our customers. We don't want them to pick up the phone and call us to order a new circuit. We want their system to recognize that they've got a capacity constraint and to augment the capacity by interfacing directly with our systems. And so we will look at the things that we lack in delivering those types of capabilities. If you look at like long-haul assets, there's nothing out there that I have any interest in or that we should have any interest in. There's nobody out there that has anything near the quality of us. If you look at metro assets, there are small things here and there that might make sense. But again, while I'm trying to be full in the answer, we are not actively looking at doing any major M&A. It will be stuff around the edges and capabilities that we really want to augment.

Yes, it's probably best for us to research the exact numbers and get with you separately. But yes, we're close to it. Other than -- otherwise, we wouldn't be doing this. And we do think that it's a real issue, and we think those NOLs are extraordinarily valuable to us. And we want to make sure that they -- and valuable to our shareholders. And we want to make sure that we do what we can to protect them. But yes, we are close.

I'll let Neel get to growth rates but -- or not. But the -- if you look at dark fiber, it's a relatively small piece of our business, but our revenue is very, very large. If you look at dark fiber deals that are won, it's that we're a much bigger portion of that than you would hear from the way that we talk about dark fiber. The dark fiber, though, is a fundamental asset for all of our products and services. And so our fiber network is extraordinarily good, extraordinarily capable, and we intend to continue to leverage that. We don't generally break out dark fiber all the way down to that level just because our revenues are so big and we provide so many different types of networking services, but I do want people to note, that's a fundamental part of our business. We do tend to focus on the big deals, people that need the scope and scale of -- and scalability of our network but that we also very regularly sell dark fiber to enterprises in a particular market or in a particular geography or region.

Yes. From a competitive standpoint, I mean we're constantly looking at the competition. We think we have great assets. We think we have great products. We're continually evaluating our products and expanding them, I mentioned some of the product development work we're working on. And so we think that the competition is consistent with what it's been. We think our products are improving, and so we ought to get a leg up on some of the competitors out there. From the macro environment, we still believe that our execution is more important than the macro environment. However, the macro environment does extend sales cycles at times. It does -- government shutdown does affect us and certainly on our sales and certainly on our business. And so we do see effects of the macro environment. But when we step back and we look at the fundamental drivers of our business, none of those fundamental drivers changed because of macroeconomics. Our customers need more and more capacity. Our customers need that capacity at more and more locations. Our customers need to solve a variety of network challenges, not just dark fiber, not just SD-WAN, but a variety of things in the middle, and then we bring that portfolio to them. Our customers need to reduce cost. They need to transition off legacy services. All of the trends that drive customers to buy services from CenturyLink, we see continuing. And so the macro environment can slow things from one quarter to another. It can certainly make things lumpy, but it doesn't change the fundamental demand for our products and services. And then I believe if it doesn't change the fundamental demand for the products and services, it's up to us to execute. And so that's kind of what we see. And thank you, Matt, for being the final question of the day.
Just as -- before we conclude the call, I'd like to wrap up with a few key points. At the beginning of the year, we said what we would do in 2018. We did better than we said we would. We're all -- we're well on our way to integrating the Level 3 acquisition and have found additional synergy opportunities. We have also identified a number of transformation initiatives to allow us to improve our customer and employee experience. And we expect between those energies and the transformation initiatives to generate somewhere between $800 million and $1 billion in run rate savings over the next 3 years. We're aligning our capital allocation to drive shareholder value by investing in Enterprise revenue and EBITDA growth and delevering the balance sheet. We're excited about the opportunities ahead and the transformation of CenturyLink to come. And as always, our guiding principle is generating free cash flow per share.
I want to thank all of you for joining today's call and for your continued support of CenturyLink.
Operator, that concludes the call.