Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 2022 brings new beginnings for Lumen. The team is energized for rapid change as we streamline our assets and aggressively invest to drive growth. I want to be clear, our focus is on turning our top line positive with profitable revenue. Every employee in our organization, our sales team, field techs, customer care, support functions is focused on this objective. 
On today's call, I'll provide a few thoughts on our fourth quarter results, an update on our announced transactions, a review of our key capital allocation priorities and a review of our investment plans, which we believe will position the company for long-term sustainable revenue growth. Neel will discuss the fourth quarter in more detail, provide our outlook for 2022 and update expectations for the timing and financial impact of our 2 announced transactions. We'll reserve time after Neel's remarks for your questions. 
Our fourth quarter revenue trend was stable compared to the third quarter and, on an organic basis, our business revenue was unchanged from the third quarter. We said previously we do not expect a straight-line revenue growth, but our forward indicators provide us confidence that we can achieve our stated long-term goals. Quarterly sales were once again strong, and the funnel remains above pre-pandemic levels. 
The Lumen platform is transforming the way businesses approach their technology needs, bringing best-in-class solutions to enable 4th Industrial Revolution use cases and enabling the digital transformation for enterprises. Enterprises are adjusting to new hybrid workloads. And Lumen, as well as our world-class partners, are delivering the expertise necessary for our customers to succeed. 
As you can imagine, the excitement within Lumen is high as we position our Quantum Fiber platform for a major acceleration. Our robust, symmetric, all-digital experience is resonating with customers. Quantum will help drive revenue growth and lower the operating costs for our Mass Markets segment, improving the profitability and durability of the business. At the same time, incumbency provides us a meaningful cost advantage as we build and launch new Quantum markets and drive penetration gains. 
Our expectation for long-term penetration is fully supported by the strength of the product as well as the performance in our existing Quantum markets. Even in our nascent Quantum footprint, we have achieved 29% penetration with limited marketing activities, more than doubling the penetration we have in our legacy copper areas. As we pivot from micro-targeting to a market-based approach, we expect to be able to attract and retain new and existing customers to our superior product capabilities much more aggressively. The opportunity for Quantum is significant. I hope you can feel our excitement for the future of Lumen as we invest to drive Enterprise and Quantum Fiber growth. 
Let's shift to a few quick thoughts about our previously announced transactions. These transactions allow us to focus on the areas of our business that we believe are best poised for growth. As you think about the pro forma revenue mix, over 1/3 of our mass market exposure to legacy voice and other revenue will be divested. Not only does our revenue mix improve but these transactions also delivered strong valuations, supporting the view that our overall asset portfolio remains deeply discounted by the market. 
While we disagree with our current valuation, there's only one way to realize our true market value: execution. We get it and we're focused on delivering. We're making good progress toward closing both deals, and Neel will provide an update on our expected timing and financial impacts. We're working to be a strong partner to both Stonepeak and Apollo as they onboard our employees and customers and as we help position them for success. 
Last quarter, we provided you our top 5 capital allocation priorities as we deploy our significant free cash flow and utilize the proceeds from these valuable transactions. I hope I've been clear that investing in growth is always our highest priority, and we will invest in both CapEx and OpEx to lay the foundation to achieve our goals. I feel we are in a great position entering 2022. 
Let me start with Quantum Fiber. There's a tremendous amount of activity here at Lumen as we rev up the Quantum engine. We are readying the platform to deliver on our plan and remain very confident in our opportunity to deliver the terrific experience provided by Quantum to more than 12 million locations over the coming years. Quantum Fiber revenue grew 22% year-over-year, and we look forward to the growth that will come from our much more aggressive Quantum stance. We see a long-term significant and sustainable revenue growth opportunity for our Mass Markets business resulting from our Quantum Fiber investment. 
As of the end of the fourth quarter, we had approximately 2.6 million enabled locations within the retained 16 states, in line with our expectation outlined last quarter. Our excitement builds as we enter 2022 with our plan to accelerate aggressively and ramp that enablement pace to over 1 million new locations, with a goal of hitting a run rate of 1.5 million to 2 million enablements per year as we exit 2022. 
Our fully-funded 2022 Quantum Fiber plan will enable millions of customer locations to experience our best-in-breed Quantum experience and product capability that we believe will drive higher ARPU, lower churn and significant customer lifetime value. We will invest heavily to bring the Quantum experience to our customers, especially in the areas of product development, marketing, brand and go-to-market sales initiatives. 
Both enterprise and mass market supply chains are stressed, and we continue working very closely with our diverse and valued suppliers to mitigate risk as we execute on our growth objectives. In addition, we're managing through this inflationary environment and, with some exceptions, do not expect pricing pressures to impede our goals. 
Our excitement for Quantum Fiber is easy to understand, but we are equally excited about our Enterprise business as we continue to invest aggressively in our edge compute and storage platforms, our managed service offerings, SASE and our security products. Our customers' digital experience across our core networking services is unique and drives success with a customer-first posture. Along those lines, we have successfully launched our fully digital self-service edge compute ordering system, which allows existing and new customers to self-provision services, including bare metal and storage solutions in minutes without the need for human interaction.
We believe our extensive long-haul and dense metro infrastructure and our ultra-low latency, ultrahigh capacity network, provide cost advantages over many of our competitors and deliver a powerful customer experience. We are seeing early signs that our customers understand that value proposition, and our recently announced $1.2 billion network services contract win for the U.S. Department of Agriculture is a great example. 
As part of this solution, we're delivering secure remote access, managed data, contact center and cloud connectivity solutions to more than 10,000 USDA locations across the country and abroad. Awarded under the $50 billion Enterprise Infrastructure Solutions, or EIS, program, the 11-year task order is illustrative of the broad range of products and services offered on the Lumen platform. This is a long list but our services to the USDA includes SD-WAN, MTIPS, Zero Trust networking, edge computing, VPN, managed security, UCaaS, voice over IP, Ethernet and wavelengths and related equipment and engineering services. 
I mentioned earlier that we had another strong sales quarter in 4Q. While the USDA deal highlights our expertise in the public sector, our other sales within North America Enterprise, which do not include public sector, were up both sequentially and year-over-year. In fact, December was the highest sales month we've seen in several years for this area. 
Beyond driving growth, we believe returning cash to shareholders is a very important part of the Lumen strategy and that the $1 per share level is attractive and sustainable long term. As we said, our payout ratio will likely rise in the near term during the accelerated Quantum build phase which we think should be viewed as a discrete project. The completion of the multiyear build phase, coupled with our expectation for top line growth, should return us to more normalized payout ratios over time. 
We will continue to manage our balance sheet to remain relatively leverage-neutral through our Quantum Fiber deployment plan, but we do expect the time line to reach our target net leverage ratio of 2.75 to 3.25x adjusted EBITDA will be extended. To be clear, relatively leverage-neutral is inclusive of the impact of not only the transactions but also the CAF II to RDOF transition. 
We will also continue to evaluate our asset portfolio, and I hope our opportunistic but open approach to asset optimization is fully appreciated. Let me be clear, there is no urgency for us to divest additional assets, and we will only pursue opportunities that offer both a compelling valuation and a clear strategic benefit. 
Lastly, I want to emphasize that we continue to believe our shares are deeply discounted and do not reflect the tremendous opportunity we see for Lumen going forward. Our Board remains prepared to authorize further buybacks on short notice if we believe a buyback provides the best and most prudent return for our shareholders. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Neel to discuss our fourth quarter results. Neel?

Sure. Eric, I'll take the first part and then let Neel take the second question. As we look at the dividend and the payout ratio, and I've said this before, we think that the dividend is an important part of our shareholder value proposition. We think the $1 per share is attractive to investors and it's sustainable, so we're very comfortable with the dividend there. I've also said that in 2022 and the next few years, we are going to be investing in growth. And you mentioned Quantum Fiber, and with the Quantum Fiber build, we think that, that should be viewed as a discrete project that starts already and ends in a few years as we complete the 12 million enablements that we expect over the coming years. We also expect to return to top line revenue growth. While we do see the payout ratio rising in the near term, with those 2 things, we think that it will return to more normal levels over time.

So Simon, on the build plan for Quantum Fiber, it's not going to be linear. It takes a while to ramp these capabilities, to do the engineering, to make sure that we've got the construction resources in place. So it's not going to be linear but it's not going to be fully back-end loaded either. We're already at a pace of, call it, 400,000, 500,000 homes and business locations. So there's going to be that as a starting point, but we'll get to the full 1 million toward the end of the year, obviously. So it's a little back-end loaded but not substantially. 
What keeps us from going faster? This is hard work. It's hard work. There's a lot of things to do. We want to make sure that we do it right. We're exceptionally good at building networks and we will continue to do that with the Quantum Fiber build, but there's hard work. And we also have supply chain challenges. And I mentioned that in the prepared remarks. I don't want to overemphasize it but it's an issue, and we see it with equipment vendors and chips and them getting access to chips. So we'll continue to manage that, but that's also a constraining factor on how to accelerate faster. Now the main point is we want to accelerate to a point of 1.5 million to 2 million homes by the end of the year. So we want to be on that run rate finishing the year and going into 2023. And that's really a large effort to make sure that we do go as fast as we possibly can. 
Neel, do you want to take the cash taxes?

Yes. Let me take a first pass and then let Neel add to it. I don't want to get into discrete projects that we're funding and not funding, but let me give you a sense of the CapEx and what we fund. There is a certain amount of capital that we call just ongoing operational capital, keep-the-lights-on type stuff. But the majority of our capital funding is success-based or project-based. And the project-based things that we've talked about in 2021, we spent a lot of money on edge computing, building a coverage model for edge computing. We finished the year with more than 95% of our U.S. enterprises within 5 milliseconds of our footprint. 
We're not going to spend that money again this year in 2022. What I hope we do is continue to densify the equipment in those locations because that means we're being successful in selling our products and services. So we spend a substantial amount of money on that success-based. Quantum Fiber, we spent money to enable 400,000 homes in 2021. We will spend money to enable 1 million homes and get to the run rate that I talked about in answering Simon's question. We'll continue to spend on that project and really focus there. 
Beyond that, we manage projects in and out. We're not starving anything to do those activities. We are investing heavily in growth. And I say that on CapEx. I also say it on OpEx. We're investing heavily in growth on OpEx to make sure that we have the product capabilities, to make sure that we have the go-to-market strategy, the brand awareness, all of the things that go into effective selling. With the results in the fourth quarter, we're seeing all of that continuing to benefit the company. Neel?

And just one other follow-up comment, Phil, then you can ask your follow-up questions. In the meantime, we're focused on our existing 2.6 million enablements that we have and driving penetration in those. We're at about 29% penetration, but that includes homes that we just turned up last month. We want to make sure that we continue to focus on driving the penetration in the existing footprint.

Let me do the second question first. Sorry, this is going to be an unfulfilling answer, David. I'm not going to speculate on what the Board might decide and how we might decide to do it. I am very clear, I hope I'm very clear, on the priorities for our capital allocation, and the first one being investing in growth. So as we look at the CapEx, we are very committed to investing in Quantum Fiber. We are very committed to investing in SASE and IT solutions and edge computing and those types of things where we think significant growth can come from over the next few years. 
Secondly, we've talked about the dividend and we want to maintain the dividend. I will point out that our last buyback reduced our dividend obligation by about $81 million a year. So that's not an exclusive issue to just the dividend. That also is factored in by the buybacks. And we want to maintain relatively leverage-neutral, meaning roughly where we are, maybe not exactly where we are but roughly where we are. And then if we think it's appropriate, we will come up with a plan to make additional buybacks. But I'm not going to speculate on what that plan would be or how the Board would view it. I just want you to know that we are open to that.

And one other point, we're getting $10.2 billion for the 2 transactions that we're doing and so there are other sources of funds.

And we also expect Quantum Fiber to be successful. If you look at the markets that we retain, we have a couple of things going for us. Most of those big markets are growing markets. More people are moving to them. They're higher tech markets. We see a lot of opportunity in those states. And we have incumbency. And incumbency helps us sell. It helps us build. It helps us build at a lower cost, helps us operate and we're moving to the all-digital experience that those customers have. And so we expect good things from our Quantum business.

There's a lot packed in there, Batya. So what Quantum Fiber investments are we going to make in 2022 that could come off in 2023, we're not giving guidance for 2023, but we do plan to ramp our Quantum Fiber investments. We've said that. We said that our plan for the year in 2022 is 1 million homes, and then we plan to do 1.5 million to 2 million at a run rate basis by the end of the year. So we're not giving forward-looking guidance, but we have given you an indication of what we expect and how we expect to build. 
Neel, I'll let you take the question on how do we account for $200 million.

Yes. So let me take the first one, Nick. On supply chain, what's my general attitude towards supply chain, we are monitoring closely and we have vendors on the enterprise side and vendors on the consumer side, the Mass Markets side and vendors on the Fiber side where we are continuing to work closely with them and put in mitigation plans in the event that they're unable to deliver for us. But we see it on all fronts of the business. 
Again, by focusing on this, I don't want to overstate the issue, but it's something that we're really paying attention to and working with vendors. Months ago, we put in full year orders, 9-month orders, for our vendors and making sure that we were in the queue early and often to ensure that we got equipment and that we get the resources that we need. We're starting to see some companies hold off on taking new orders. And as we see that, then we're working to put in our mitigation plans to make sure it's factored into our build plan. But it is an issue that I will highlight as a real one that we have to mitigate. Neel?

Okay. So rising rates, Neel, I'll let you take penetration. And I'm sorry, Greg, the third one was?

Okay. Well, first of all, we are always focused on free cash flow. We think that is the primary driver of business success, and sustainable long-term free cash flow growth is what we're after. That's why we're investing today. That's why we divested or divesting the properties that we're divesting because we weren't willing to invest to the level that we think they can tolerate. But it's why we're investing in the 16 retained states. It's why we're investing in our growth initiatives on the Enterprise side. It's why we've invested in our relationship with the federal government. That's why we're investing is to drive long-term sustainable free cash flow. Penetration for Quantum Fiber, we're at 29%, but that's always going to be a blended average of new homes, new business locations for Mass Markets that we've just added with ones that we've been marketing at for a while. But we expect when we reach steady state, it will be north of 40%. And every indicator is there supporting it. 
If you look at the quality of the product that we have, we have a very effective competitive product. And even with the limited marketing, we're doubling our penetration rates in our traditional copper areas. And the symmetrical nature of our product is far better for work-from-anywhere environment. And the capacity needs continue to expand for consumers just like they are for businesses and business customers. With the abundance of streaming providers, the bundling of video is becoming less relevant. And so we see lots of factors. In addition to our all-digital world-class experience that we're offering to customers, our great NPS scores, we see a lot of factors that give us high confidence in the 40%-plus numbers. 
Neel, on the rising rates?

Well, all the things that I've talked about today and some before, edge computing, 95%, 97% of U.S. enterprises are within 5 milliseconds of our network. That makes machine-to-machine control possible for our customers. That makes AI applications and machine learning applications a real possibility for our customers as they enter into the 4th Industrial Revolution and their ability to acquire, analyze and act on their data. It's things like SASE. We'll continue to move SASE, secure access services, it's software-defined networking at the customer premise for connectivity and security capabilities. It's things like Dynamic Connections, which is really network as a service. That's more of an enabling technology, but it enables our customers to use their network that they buy from us to connect to a variety of cloud service providers. It's orchestration of those capabilities and making it easier and more manageable for customers to maintain their connectivity and in a very complex environment, and it's helping them do that with our IT solutions capabilities. So it's kind of a host of things that we're launching and really showing success in.

Well, so all of the above, but the fundamental nature of the products are different. There's nobody else out there. You said network proximity has been there for a while. It's been there for a while for us, but there's nobody else out there that has the network proximity of edge computing facilities within a couple a few milliseconds of the customers. And so those are different capabilities. There's nobody out there that's really been able to provide network as a service or integrate security into access solutions. And so we'll continue to focus on that. And I'd argue there's nobody better in helping people build and manage networks and orchestrate their connectivity needs than Lumen. And so we'll continue to differentiate. 
I'd also throw in the all-digital experience. Our Lumen platform brings the world's best partners to our customers for different types of applications. Whether it's T-Mobile for wireless or VMware for virtual machines, we have partnered. And I always feel bad when I start listing partners ad hoc because we got some great ones and I don't want to leave anybody out, but I'm not going to go through an exhaustive list. But we've got great partners bringing those capabilities. And so I think it's the total package of solutions. And I don't think you're right in thinking that there are other people out there that have all those capabilities.

Yes. We're seeing a lot of different use cases. First of all, storage. Edge computing and storage capabilities are very important. They want to store their data. Our customers want to store their data close to their in-house compute resources, but they don't want to have to store it within their own facilities. They want the benefit of the cloud and the proximity of their own data center. And that's what our edge does. We see retail customers that are exploring how can they take all their video feeds, all their camera feeds from their store, and process those for watching for shoplifting or looking at shelf restocking, how can they take all of that information and utilize it. 
Now they don't want to haul that traffic thousands of miles to some remote compute resource. They also don't want to build a data center in every one of their stores. So they come to us and looking for us to help them build compute resources to take an entire market, aggregate it within very quick connectivity and very short hauling across the country and so forth. And so those are some of the use cases. If you think about the 4th Industrial Revolution, and I already said this, that the amount of data is exploding. I mean it's just exploding. And the applications to use that data is exploding. And our customers want to acquire that data, they want to analyze that data and they want to be able to act on that data quickly and effectively. And that's what our edge compute applications are all about, is helping them do that. 
So we're starting with bare metal. We've moved into storage solutions. We'll continue to augment with the virtual machines and all sorts of other edge computing capabilities. We'll layer on top of that orchestration so that our customers can manage the hybrid cloud environment that they have and really be effective in managing their IT environment, be really agile in their response to IT changes. Hope that helps, Tim.

So let me wrap up. I hope that you all, on the call today, get a sense of the excitement that we have here at Lumen. We're poised for growth and expect our investments in the business to not only give strong growth in revenue and earnings but also deliver value creation for our stakeholders. So we're excited about what we're doing. We see progress in our results. And we appreciate all of your interest in Lumen. 
With that, I'll end the call. So thank you all for joining today.