Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. As you know, this is my last call as Lumen's CEO. I want to begin today's call by welcoming Kate Johnson as our new CEO. Kate starts Monday. I think she is an exceptional leader with strong skills, commitment to customers in the direct pragmatic nature. Within Lumen, we are all excited to have her join the company and have high expectations of the great things she will accomplish.
These are obviously very dynamic times in the broader market, in our industry and for our company. And while we have not accomplished all that I would have liked, we have accomplished quite a lot, and I pass the baton to Kate in confidence that the foundation we have built, the dedicated team we have in place and the refreshed energy of new leadership puts Lumen in a great position to deliver on its objectives of driving growth and creating long-term shareholder value.
At the outset of this call, I want to say a word about the Lumen team, all of whom have been on a challenging, yet exciting journey during the 5 years since Lumen was formed following the acquisition of Level 3. In my final days as CEO, I want to tell you and our employees how extraordinarily proud I am with our team. I've seen them rise to every challenge with confidence, pride and commitment to each other and our customers.
The first example is certainly their response to COVID. They attacked the challenges with tenacity and determination. Throughout the pandemic, we had 10,000 or so employees that continued to work from home, safely doing their jobs, and 10,000 more that were remote with just a few days' notice. Together and within the first few weeks, they turned out the many emergency augments our customers needed for their own remote workforces.
We all know we stayed in that environment much longer than we had hoped, but the Lumen employees performed throughout. As I think of all that they've accomplished over the last 5 years, it really is remarkable. I appreciate the excellent work they did integrating 2 large businesses and digitally transforming our company. Between the 2 efforts, we enhanced our customer experience and realized close to $1.7 billion in synergies and transformation savings.
This summer, they completed the $2.7 billion LATAM transaction. In October, they completed the $7.5 billion ILEC transaction, focusing our Mass Markets business on high growth and more densely clustered markets. And we announced today that we have entered into an exclusive arrangement for the proposed sale of our EMEA business to Colt for $1.8 billion.
As the most recent example of our team's focus on our customers and their talent for delivering, I want to acknowledge their work in the aftermath of Hurricane Ian. 98% of our high-speed Internet customers were back online and connected within 3 weeks. Our thoughts and efforts remain with our employees and customers who were affected by this event. That's all of great work.
I'd like to talk more specifically about our digital transformation and the foundation we laid for our business going forward. Digital transformation is not a destination, but it's a journey. I'm very pleased with the significant strides we've made in driving simplicity and automation into our business. We are now easier to do business with, have greater efficiency and are evolving the way our customers interact with and experience our capabilities.
Our customer experience is better than ever and continues to improve as demonstrated by our very high NPS and customer e-scores for both Quantum Fiber and the upper end of our enterprise customer base. Although not yet where we want to be, our results with our mid-market customers clearly show we're making progress there as well.
As I say to our team all the time, we have much more to do, and I'm incredibly proud of their accomplishments so far. Top line growth is our principal focus, but we cannot overstate the importance of these transformation efforts in delivering the experience our customers want and driving the efficiencies we need to grow the profitability of our business.
First, we'll discuss the details of the third quarter. But before he does that, I want to spend some time offering my perspective on the 2 big announcements we made today. Modifications to our capital allocation policies and today's announcements regarding our EMEA business. We will reserve time after Chris' remarks for your questions.
First, the capital allocation discussion. Earlier today, we announced that we are eliminating our dividend and instituting an up to $1.5 billion 2-year share buyback program. I want to be clear that Kate, the Board and I are aligned on this action. This is obviously a big decision that we have carefully considered. The one we believe is the right long-term decision for our business. The benefits of reallocating capital from the dividend are significant for our growth plans, our balance sheet and our ability to use our free cash to unlock longer-term value through share repurchases.
First and foremost, our new policy should remove any questions you may have about the capacity to invest in the growth of our business. Growth has always been and will continue to be our key imperative, and this decision makes our ability to fund that growth clearer than ever.
You frequently asked questions about the dividend. And we've generally said the same thing in response to your questions. Returning value to shareholders is a key priority for Lumen, and we believe the dividend is an appropriate value delivery mechanism. But we've also said that our Board regularly reviews whether that approach remains aligned to the current circumstances.
When we announced the $7.5 billion ILEC transaction last year, we specifically said that the Board would assess our capital allocation policy in the wake of that transaction. That transaction completed on October 3, and today's announcement reflects the output of that assessment. We believe that the current market value of our shares dictates that the long-term value creation is better realized through share repurchases rather than the payment of a dividend.
As I said, we have authorized an up to $1.5 billion 2-year program, and believe it is more attractive to retire shares at today's prices than to pay dividends at today's yields. We have long supported the dividend as a good vehicle for value delivery, but at today's stock price, that is no longer the case. We expect to opportunistically repurchase shares over the life of the program.
Although our debt maturities over the next several years are very manageable, the elimination of our dividend also provides the company greater flexibility in what promises to be an increasingly unpredictable credit market. Over the last 5 years, we have significantly improved our balance sheet, eliminating more than $16 billion in debt and reducing annual cash interest expense by more than $1 billion and extended most maturities to 2026 and beyond. That said, we do not favor using long-term leverage as a principal source for growth capital.
Again, this is a big decision on which we've spent a great deal of time, and that in current circumstances, we believe shores up the foundations of our growth, provides increased financial flexibility and is solidly in the best long-term interest of our company and its shareholders.
Let me cover some of the details on the EMEA announcement. We announced today that we have entered into an exclusive arrangement for the proposed sale of our EMEA business to Colt for $1.8 billion. This represents a very attractive multiple of approximately 11x for Lumen's EMEA business, and would create additional value for our shareholders. Included in the sale are substantially all of Lumen's EMEA-based network assets and associated commercial contracts.
Lumen and Colt are also entering into a long-term strategic partnership that will allow us to access each other's networks to serve enterprise customers requiring local connectivity in our respective markets.
As we did with Cirion and Brightspeed, creating an exceptional partner is very important to us. I'm excited about this transaction and believe Colt will be the excellent partner we need to serve our customers moving forward. As was the case in the LATAM and the ILEC transactions, the EMEA announcement allows Lumen to receive attractive valuations for the assets and operations, focus our investments in our key growth markets and establish excellent partners in the areas where we've divested these businesses. We expect this proposed sales close as early as late 2023 pending customary regulatory approvals.
A quick word on Brightspeed transaction, which closed earlier this quarter. I would like to take a minute to acknowledge the tremendous work, both teams did supporting the Brightspeed conversion. It would be difficult to overstate the heavy lift our folks and the Brightspeed team took on in transitioning these 20 states to Brightspeed's operating environment. It's a great example of our ability to do difficult and complex things. I want to wish Brightspeed the best as they begin their journey to deliver high-speed fiber services in these markets, which will benefit greatly from their investment and strong management team.
Before I turn it over to Chris for some details on the quarter, I want to take a minute to share my view of how Lumen is positioned as we transition to Kate's leadership. The coming together of CenturyLink and Level 3 marked a similar moment in our company's history, creating one of the world's largest, most advanced and critical networks.
At Lumen, we have built a platform that allows us to meet the networking and communications needs of the most sophisticated enterprise customers. We have enhanced the power of our point network service offerings with a range of cloud, security and collaboration solutions. And more recently, have invested, upgrade and transformed our central offices into many data centers, further enabling what everyone now knows as the Lumen Edge Cloud.
We have a powerful and robust fiber network complemented with an increasingly deep set of adjacent capabilities like orchestration, interacting with our customers' businesses via machine-to-machine applications rather than phone calls or e-mails. The market for these capabilities is still in the early stages of growth that I believe the foundation to Lumen to be a market leader has been laid and the opportunity for growth is significant.
On the Mass Markets side, we have ramped our investment in the Quantum Fiber footprint and our all-digital service delivery platform. We've doubled the number of new enablements per quarter over last year. So let me be clear, we are not yet at the pace of build we expect or want. We will continue to ramp our enablements and overcome the supply chain, labor and inflationary constraints we've seen.
We have strong conviction with focusing on growing markets where we can create dense urban clusters, and supporting all of the communities within those clusters is the best approach to maximize our investments and significantly expand the reach of our Quantum Fiber offering.
As Chris will share, we are very focused on driving customer penetration over that extended footprint. With divestitures of the ILEC business in 20 states, serving mostly rural customers, the divestiture of the LATAM business, today's EMEA announcement and the divestiture of our legacy colo business, we've been consistently optimizing our assets to focus on the opportunities in which we have the ability to invest, grow and be a market leader.
We expect to continue to optimize, focus and align our asset base with our growth opportunities. These value-accretive transactions, together with the capital allocation changes we are making today, provides the company significant flexibility to invest in new growth opportunities, maintain a strong balance sheet and execute on our share repurchase program.
We are at a turning point in Lumen's history, where data and AI will transform society and business. I believe Lumen is well positioned for success in a world of such rapidly evolving technology. With some of the world's strongest assets, operations and human capital, all delivered as a platform for the needs of the modern business and for how today's consumers live and work with connectivity. I'm proud of having led the Lumen team during the integration and transformation of our company. I'm obviously not, but I feel like one of the founders of the company. That's how the team has approached the past 5 years. We've been building a new company, not merely making incremental improvements to be old.
I'm very excited to welcome Kate, and believe she is the right person to take Lumen to the next level and continue our path toward top line and bottom line growth. Now as a shareholder like all of with you, I look forward to Lumen's continued success.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris to discuss our third quarter results in more detail. Chris?

Phil, I'll take the first one, and then Chris can add to it, but you can take the second question. If you look at our fiber enablements, we're not doing it as fast as we want to do. So let me lead with that. We're not doing it as fast as we want to be deploying new enablements. There are a lot of things that go into that supply chain constraints, labor shortages, inflationary pressures and those types of things. And we'll continue to work through those. So I'm not terribly worried about it, but we'll work through them.
As far as people coming in, in some small part of the market and selecting just that market to go build, that's going to happen. That's going to happen, and we've done it in other people's market ourselves. And so we see that as just another competitor in those markets. What we need to do is make sure that we build a great product, a great experience, have the multi-gig capabilities that we've talked about, have the all-digital interaction that we want. And then we go at a pace that's aggressive and appropriate for the market.

Let me take the buyback question first, and then I'll come back to the other one. Look, we won't get into the specifics of timing, but we'll be opportunistic and make sure that we take good advantage of it. I'll tell you that the Board is engaged in this process, and we have a structured and thought through approach to how to go about it. And we'll follow that structured approach. But we'll be opportunistic and not get too specific about our timing on things.
And then with respect to buying patterns, we said in the second quarter call that we were seeing slowing decision-making. I don't think the environment has changed very much since then. We don't see an increase in our win-loss ratio or a decrease, I should say, in our win-loss. So it's not that we're losing deals to somebody else. We just don't see people making those decisions as quickly as possible. And we don't see a particular increase in our cancels. So it's not like the deals are going away.
And so we're -- it's kind of the same environment that we saw in the second quarter. But it is a choppy environment for our enterprise customers, and we do see them slowing the approval process that they have to go through to get new business to us.

Yes, I'll take the first question. Chris can add to it. Chris, you can take the second question about what percentage of our 22 million homes passed and that's the right number, and that will have a fiber overbuild. Batya, thank you, first of all. And we -- look, we -- our Board goes through a very thoughtful process. I've told you before that we regularly review our capital allocation strategy in the context of the current environment, in the context of current circumstances, and we obviously considered should we eliminate the dividend or keep some sort of small dividend in place. And the answer was to eliminate it, that we believe right now at these stock prices, it's better to return value to shareholders through a share repurchase program than it is through some small token dividend that's out there. So that was the process that we went through.
We also said, and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, but we also said when we announced the Apollo transaction for our 20-state ILEC business that when we close that business, we would reevaluate and look at our dividend policy and look at our capital allocation policy and make decisions based on the environment and the conditions at that time.
And so it's not a sign that there's any greater weakness or inability to fund our business. It's just we don't think that's the best way to return value to shareholders. And as part of our assessment coming out of the Apollo transaction, we just believe that it's better to buy back shares.

Okay. First of all, let me take your -- the put options seems strange and was it some sort of just to get these things announced at the same time. It may seem strange for purchases in the U.S. or sales of businesses in the U.S., it's not strange for sales of businesses in other countries. And it's part of the -- we have a process that we have to go through to get regulatory approval. The put option -- put structure is part of that, makes it easier for the company to make sure that we're complying with the rules and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. So there's nothing strange about it.
For the details, I'd refer you to the 8-K. But this is -- if you look at other businesses that have done similar transactions, it's a fairly common structure in certain markets in Europe. Chris, why don't you take the middle 2 and then I'll come back to Fiber?

And I'll try to give a little bit of color, David, on your last question about Fiber revenues and how we should be investing that money. If you look it, I don't remember the timing, 3 or 4 years ago, we took a hard look at should we be in the consumer fiber business? Should we be in the consumer copper business? And candidly, coming out of that analysis, we decided the thing that we should do is manage it for cash in the markets where that makes sense and invest in fiber in the markets where that makes sense. And we decided that the markets where it makes sense to invest in fiber are growth markets. 
And I don't want to leave anybody off the list, but look at Denver and Minneapolis and Seattle and all the communities that make up those markets, we've got some great growth markets within the 16 remaining states that we operate in. And so we've decided that those are good markets for us to invest in fiber end. And then we've decided that there's some that we should just sell that somebody else can do better with those assets than we were doing. And that's where Brightspeed -- how Brightspeed was created. We think they'll do a great job. They will invest in those markets. It will be good for those markets. It will be good for their investors and their owners.
And so we'll -- there's a little bit of the answer is all of the above, all the suggestions that you would take. And that's also to leave open the door that will change our mind on how best to do these things going forward. And we're always open to whatever structure makes most sense for our shareholder return. And we look at these decisions not as static decisions made once and never revisited, but the decisions that we are very committed to, that we are focused on executing against, but open to other things if they make more sense for us.

And just to add, go ahead.

No, just to add, I feel very excited to have Kate come in. I think that the Lumen team has done a great job transitioning us from a telco to a technology company, interfacing with our customers differently, building the platform that is tightly coupled to the infrastructure, to the fiber that we have and building a platform for Kate and the Lumen team going forward to sell and accelerate the growth in ancillary services and things around our edge cloud, things around security, collaboration, orchestration, all of those. And so I'm still very excited about our ability to add growth to that platform.

Yes. The operations of our company doesn't change with the sale of EMEA. I don't think either any of those buckets have any strong particular exposure. Do you, Chris?

Yes. And it won't change the way we operate the rest of the company either even.

Thank you, Nick. And you have the last question on my last earnings call in my career. So I'm looking forward to it.

So let me take the second one first, and then Chris, you can take the first one. No, the EMEA deal will not weigh on our ability. If you look at Brightspeed and if you look at Cirion, those are much more stand-ups of new businesses being spun out, and this one is more of an acquisition by an existing business of our business. And so I don't -- and that's one of the key value drivers for us, frankly. I don't think it will be as complicated. I don't think it will be as expensive on the Lumen side of things.

Go ahead, Nick.

All right. I'd like to say thank you all. I've worked with all of you for a long time and I appreciated the relationship. And so I want to close by saying how extremely proud I am of the Lumen team and what they've built. Well, I'll miss engaging with all of you on these quarterly calls and the various conferences that I attend. I think I leave behind the company that has a very strong foundation and is poised for a return to profitable growth. So I'm excited for that. I'm excited for Lumen. I'm excited for its employees and stakeholders as Kate's leadership will further strengthen what we've built over the past several years. So with that, I'd like to say thank you for the time that we've had together with -- and your interest in Lumen, and thank you for joining the call today.