Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. It's an exciting day for Lumen, and we have a lot to cover. I'll begin today's call with our recently announced transactions, including the just announced sale of a portion of our legacy local exchange business to Apollo. I'll then ask Neil to review a few second quarter highlights as well as provide a preliminary view of the expected effects of these transactions on Lumen's financial profile. And of course, we'll reserve time for your questions at the end of the call. So let's jump in.
Last week, we announced the sale of our Latin American assets to Stonepeak at a value of $2.7 billion, representing an approximately 9x multiple of the Latin American business' 2020 estimated adjusted EBITDA. There are more details about this transaction in the release materials, but the simplest way to think about LATAM is that we will transfer ownership of substantially all our LATAM-ased customers and assets to Stonepeak, and are entering into a services agreement with Stonepeak to continue to serve the needs of our enterprise customers based outside the region. Subject to customary regulatory approvals, we expect this transaction to close in the first half of 2022.
I'm also pleased to share that we have agreed to sell our legacy local exchange business in 20 states to Apollo for $7.5 billion, representing a multiple of approximately 5.5x our 2020 estimated adjusted EBITDA. In short, with this transaction, we are transferring to Apollo all our legacy local exchange assets in 20 states, along with the consumer, small/medium business, state and local government, education and wholesale customers served by those assets.
Lumen will retain ownership of our non-local exchange fiber assets in those 20 states, including our long-haul fiber and the enterprise CLEC assets. Lumen will also retain our legacy local exchange assets in another 16 states. In the transferred markets, the service needs of Lumen's enterprise and government customers will be met under a network services agreement to be entered into with Apollo. Subject to customary regulatory approvals, we expect this transaction to close in the second half of 2022.
I'm very pleased with the valuations we were able to achieve for these 2 sets of assets. On the whole, our retained markets have significantly higher fiber penetration, population density, enterprise demand and overall growth opportunity than the transferred assets. We have spoken about the sum of the parts analysis of Lumen. And I believe multiples of 5.5x for these 20 states and 9x for LATAM should shine a bright light on the relative value of our retained business.
Don't get me wrong, the 20 states we're selling to Apollo are good markets with quality assets, talented employees and excellent customers. As we looked at these states, though, we knew that we were unlikely to prioritize investments in these markets ahead of our other opportunities in Enterprise and Quantum Fiber. After closing of this transaction, approximately 70% of our remaining mass market footprint is well suited for Quantum Fiber investment. This transaction will allow the transferred assets to get the higher level of investment we know they can sustain, and we are committed to partnering with Apollo to help them realize their vision for these markets.
As I mentioned on our Analyst Day back in April, we have worked very hard over the past 3 years to transform our company, both financially and operationally. We committed to driving growth over the Lumen platform and continue to transform the business. These transactions are fully aligned with that strategy, and we believe will drive future growth as we meet the needs of the fourth industrial revolution, for enterprises and consumers alike.
Undertaking these transactions allows us to simplify our business, deliver differentiated products to a higher percentage of our customer base and target our capital investments to drive higher growth and more attractive long-term returns on both the Lumen platform and through our Quantum Fiber investment.
Of course, the transactions create pressure as well. While the sale of the consumer assets is expected to have a positive effect on our product mix day 1 after close and an improved growth profile going forward, the high levels of cash flow these markets generate will be free cash flow dilutive in the near term, even at these strong valuations. Even so, we are confident that these transactions are right for our business over the long term and will improve the growth profile of our company.
Neel will cover some of the operational financial impacts but let me take a moment to speak to the implications of these transactions to our capital allocation strategy.
First, we absolutely expect to accelerate the pace of our growth investments in Quantum Fiber. By retaining the 16 states we have, fiber-based consumer and mass market services remain a huge opportunity for us and we have built a differentiated offering with Quantum Fiber, enabling an all-digital customer experience that uniquely positions us among mass-market broadband providers. As Neil will discuss, our Quantum Fiber results are bearing this out as we saw another quarter of net adds for our fiber and higher-speed offerings continuing results from previous quarters.
The jury isn't out on this one. When we invest in consumer fiber, we take share and we drive profitable growth. As I mentioned, upon closing the Apollo transaction, approximately 70% of our remaining mass market footprint will be the sort of urban and suburban markets that are best addressable with Quantum Fiber solutions. We are developing an accelerated build plan, and we'll share those details as they're finalized. What we can tell you today is that while we remain strategic and disciplined in our approach, we expect to build faster and with more scale in the markets that we prioritize for Quantum Fiber investment.
We also believe we have a unique opportunity to grow our Enterprise business by leveraging our expansive fiber network to provide essential transport services and further penetrating our on-net buildings, utilizing our edge computing network to move critical workloads closer to the source of data and the use of data and expanding the capabilities of the Lumen platform and enabling greater digital consumption of our services for all of our customers.
I'm the first to acknowledge that we're not yet seeing the pace of growth that we expect from these initiatives, but we remain confident in the opportunity and are streamlining our focus and further investing to drive that growth.
Second, I expect we will manage our balance sheet to remain more or less leverage-neutral over the next few years as we accelerate investment into our growth initiatives. Longer term, I believe the previously articulated leverage range is the right one for our business. But I'm prepared to allow the time line to achieve that range to extend as we work through this investment cycle. Further, beyond fully investing in the growth of our business, we're mindful of being opportunistic in considering share repurchases. We are not choosing share repurchases over funding growth. Even as we scale the Quantum Fiber build and the Lumen platform investments, we expect to have excess capacity to consider opportunistic share repurchases if we can do so at multiples that will be accretive to long-term share value. To that end, we've also announced today approval by our Board of a $1 billion buyback program.
Lastly, the dividend. We have long stated that we believe return of cash in the form of a dividend is an appropriate capital allocation vehicle in a business like ours. However, with these transactions, the profile of our business is changing and will change rapidly going forward as we lean into investing for growth and continuing to rationalize the portfolio. I do realize that will put pressure on our dividend after we close these transactions and the further we get into our investment program. But as of now, we are not faced with that trade-off decision, and we'll continue to balance the return of cash to shareholders through dividends and buybacks while we accelerate our investment in Enterprise and Quantum Fiber growth.
Let me provide a small bit of color on my views on the second quarter results. While we worked hard to get these transactions announced, we remain very focused on driving performance in those areas that we believe provide the best opportunity for growing revenue and strong returns. That said, our second quarter revenue trends were sluggish. We've talked about the slow sales in the fourth quarter and the beginning of the first quarter as a result of COVID and delayed decision-making. Since then, we've seen good sales growth sequentially and believe our growth initiatives across the Lumen platform will help us improve our revenue trends as we move forward.
Before I turn the call over to Neel, let me offer a few points in summary. We're excited about the 2 transactions we've announced. We're pleased with the valuations that have also done these transactions to drive investment and operational focus within the remaining business, sticking to the strategy we discussed since launching Lumen and Quantum Fiber last fall. At 5.5x on the ILEC business and 9x adjusted EBITDA on the LATAM business, we believe the valuations highlight and support our view of the sum of the parts for the remaining business.
While we already operate one of the world's most extensive and powerful fiber infrastructure, we will continue to invest in growth via the Lumen platform, cloud edge initiatives and to accelerate deployment of Quantum Fiber. We believe the recently announced transactions were executed at excellent valuations, and are aligned to our strategy of streamlining our business to those markets on which we are best able to profitably invest in growth.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Neel to provide a few more details on the quarter and some of the expected effects from the announced transactions. Neel?

Yes, I'll start, and I'll let Neel add to that. Our Board has authorized $1 billion worth of buybacks. And what that means for us is if we see good opportunity to buy the stock at prices that we think are undervalued, then we'll do so. And you've heard us talk a lot about some of the parts. And we think that our business in this transaction shows that the sum -- these 2 transactions show that the sum of the parts is pretty strong and pretty good.

And the only thing that I'll add is that we have the benefit of a strong balance sheet and we continue to invest in growth, and also, return cash to shareholders through dividend and share buybacks. And so we view that as a strength for us and will be part of our balanced approach to capital allocation moving forward.

Sure. And we'll give you more information in coming quarters about the plans there. But we've looked at this business. We've been doing our micro-targeting that Neel mentioned, and we've been growing our penetration pretty successfully. And so we believe there's a lot of opportunity. If you look at the retained 16 states, that's something like a little more than 20 million homes passed, and 70% of those we consider an urban or suburban market.
So that's 15 million homes, something like that. We think all those are great opportunities for us to invest fiber into. And so we want to ramp our plans and put some scale behind them because we think that they are -- based on our experience over the last couple of years, we've done a very good job at continuing to invest fiber and grow where we invest.

Okay. So I'll try and take all 3 of your questions. And Neel, if I leave one out or answer incompletely, please add to it. Enterprise spending. We -- I said in the prepared remarks that we've seen -- we saw the slowdown in the fourth quarter. We saw the slowdown in the first part of the first quarter. We've seen sequential improvement since then. That's a true statement. And we are -- we're seeing sequential improvement in sales.
But the Delta variant is here. Our customers are beginning to change the way that they're coming back to work. We're doing that ourselves in response to some of the challenges that are out there. And so we have confidence that the sales cycles will improve and that we'll return to the sales expectations that we have. But there are still a number of factors we're seeing the evidence, but there's still a number of factors that could work against us in that.
With respect to the CapEx, that is actually tied to your first question more than it's tied to deal flow. When we see a slowdown in sales cycles and purchasing cycles, we don't spend as much capital. Our capital is highly correlated to our growth. And so we haven't spent as much capital in the first couple of quarters as we thought. Now we expect all that to improve. So we expect higher capital utilization in the second half of the year as we continue to improve in sales and continue to drive revenue growth through the business.
And then the last question with respect to buybacks, and is that tied to the deal closing? The answer is no. That is not tied to the deal closing. That's tied to -- our Board has authorized $1 billion worth of repurchases, and that's tied to us evaluating the market and being opportunistic about the timing.

Sure. So what's changed? I'm just trying to recap all your questions in my mind. But there's nothing that's changed. I said to you a couple of years ago that we were open-minded, that we wanted to do smart decisions for our shareholders, good returns on any investments we made and the divestitures we did that we wanted to do the smart thing. That's what we've done.
We've been working with Apollo. We realized that they are the right partner to do this with, and now is the right time to do it with them. I think that they will invest heavily in these markets to help those markets grow and generate a great business for them. We will work with them closely. They're going to be a key provider to us as we continue to serve our Lumen customers in the 20 states that -- over the ILEC assets that they're going to be operating, so we'll continue to work with them. But we said we were going to be smart. We said we were going to be open-minded. And now we have these 2 transactions to show for that effort.
With respect to -- is that an ongoing position? Absolutely. We will always try and be smart and open-minded about the assets that we have and how do we use those assets to generate the maximum shareholder value. And so we will continue to be open-minded. We'll continue to look forward toward acquisitions, toward divestitures, whatever makes sense for us as we continue to evolve our business.
And that a little bit ties into your third question about amplifying growth on the business side. We have talked a lot about our Lumen platform. We think that is a growth amplifier on the Enterprise side. We've talked a lot about edge cloud and edge computing and the capabilities that we're delivering to our customers. We've talked about the partnerships that we've established with companies like Zoom, with VMware, with IBM, with a variety of other key industry leaders where we can partner with them to bring their capabilities to our customers and our capabilities to their customers via the Lumen platform.
So those are some of the things that we've been doing and will continue to do to amplify, to use your words, the growth from our enterprise customers as well as penetrating buildings more effectively, continuing to light new buildings, all of those things that we do just as a regular course of our business.

So I'll let Neel answer the second question about how many homes and all of that. And I'm not 100% sure I have the first question right, Frank, but I'm going to answer the question as I heard it, which is what do I think we can build to those customers.
I think we can build a great product set that we can deliver in a digitally consumed way. If you look at our fiber-based Quantum Fiber new customer experience, I think our NPS is like positive 74, which I would put up against anybody, anywhere. And so I think that what we're building for them is a great product, is a highly secure, robust product that can be consumed digitally and through very ease of use for our customers, so we'll continue to deliver that. And then, Neel?

Yes. And I won't give you an exact number, but I'll tell you that we think that we have a good cost advantage based on the retained states that we're looking at. If you look at all of our lines of business that we will build infrastructure for, our government -- our state and local government, our federal government, our enterprise customers, our small and medium business customers, our consumer customers, if you look at all of those demands we think we can build at a very attractive price point, and we'll continue to focus on doing so.

I don't know if it's a philosophical change. We look at how do we return the best value to shareholders. And we believe that dividend is an important part of that. We believe growth is certainly an important part of that. But we also believe that there are times when it's appropriate to use a repurchase program. And our Board has decided that now is an appropriate time for us to authorize one. And then we will continue to look at the market. We'll look at our other opportunities to invest, and we'll make those decisions opportunistically.

When it comes to digital discrimination and all of those things, and I'll speak for Lumen, but I'll also point out that Apollo is investing in these 20 states for the opportunity to invest in fiber, for the opportunity to sell broadband services to homes passed in those areas. And so Lumen is doing the exact same thing.
We invest in fiber, and we'll intend to grow the penetration of broadband services for customers, high-speed broadband services. It's part of what our investment thesis is. It's part of what we think is good for the communities that we serve. And so we will continue to work with government to make sure that we participate in any programs that they have to ensure that this digital divide is conquered. But it's part of what we want to accomplish as we invest moving forward.
And if you look at our footprint of the remaining states, and we've already said it a couple of times, 70% are urban or suburban. That gives us a great opportunity. We have a high percentage of MDUs, multiple dwelling units. So that gives us a great opportunity to bring broadband to a very wide footprint of our customers.
So with that, thank you for the questions, and I'll wrap up briefly. And I appreciate everybody getting on the call with very short notice. We're excited about the 2 transactions we've announced. Our overall company profile is rapidly changing as we invest in the business and continue to rationalize the portfolio at 5.5x on the ILEC business and on the adjusted EBITDA in the LATAM business, we believe the valuations highlight and support our view of the sum of the parts for the remaining business.
We're pleased with the valuations, but we've also done these transactions to drive investment and operational focus within the remaining business. With a strong balance sheet, we continue to invest in growth and return cash to shareholders through dividend and share buybacks. And I'm very pleased -- I want to make this point. I'm very pleased with the transformation that we have achieved over the past few years and look forward to the growth opportunities that we see in front of us. So thank you, again, for your participation in this call, and we appreciate it very much.
Operator, that concludes the call.