Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'd like to begin the call today by welcoming Chris Stansbury to the Lumen team as our Chief Financial Officer. Chris joined us from Arrow Electronics and brings over 25 years of finance leadership experience. 
I'm confident that Chris' skills and knowledge will prove invaluable to our organization as we drive toward profitable revenue growth. Chris joins Lumen in an exciting time for our company and its stakeholders. We continue to anticipate closing 2 major transactions this year, which will provide a significant improvement in our revenue mix and generate over $7 billion of net cash proceeds.
Within our business segment, we see strong momentum in our forward indicators like sales in churn, which provide us confidence in achieving our growth objectives. In addition, our Quantum Fiber build plan is ramping, and we expect momentum to continue to accelerate as we drive toward our expectation of hitting 1 million or so new fiber enablements in 2022.
On today's call, I will provide some thoughts on our first quarter results as well as the opportunities we see in the year ahead. Chris will discuss the first quarter in more detail, and we'll reserve time after Chris' remarks for your questions.
As we mentioned last quarter, our first quarter revenue performance tends to be seasonally weaker compared to the fourth quarter, and this year was no exception. We continued strong performance in security, cloud, unified communications and IT products, offset by anticipated declines in voice and other as well as lower nonrecurring equipment revenue.
We are managing through supply chain constraints that have caused some delays in our install intervals and significantly slowed down our CPE sales. Although CPE has little impact on the EBITDA and free cash flow, it has a larger impact on revenue on a year-over-year and sequential basis.
We continue to advance the Lumen platform. Last week, we launched our new Lumen marketplace feature. The marketplace provides our Enterprise customers the ability to self-serve a number of our key products and services. No phone calls, no order tickets. The customer selects the services they need from the marketplace and the system takes it from there. This self-service capability resonates with our customers, improving their experience while also improving our speed of delivery and reducing our cost to deliver services.
As we continue to execute on our transformation plan with capabilities like the Lumen marketplace, we believe Lumen is well positioned to drive top line growth in the Enterprise market. We continue to win large enterprise and public sector contracts, driving long-term growth in the consumption-based services like security, application delivery and managed services through our edge capabilities and built-in security across a world-class fiber network. These capabilities are complemented by the increasingly all-digital experience of the Lumen platform and supported by very relevant and capable professional services.  
While these large complex deals take longer to turn up, they come with tremendous upside as we push more and more applications to the customer edge, leading to profitable and durable revenue for years to come. Coupling our edge facilities with our dense fiber infrastructure provides machine-to-machine level latency for approximately 97% of the U.S. enterprise locations, allowing customers to implement cloud-based solutions as if all the processing and storage were located within their facilities and increasingly critical capability.
We see traction across traditional industry verticals like retail and health care, but also opportunities for new use cases of our edge compute infrastructure like we're seeing from leading crypto platforms. With the strong sales environment for large enterprise, we expect revenue trends to improve as we install the solutions called for in these more complex deployments.
On the other hand, we remain dissatisfied with the mid-market enterprise performance to expect improvements as these customers return to more normal operations, post-COVID. We have confidence our products and services serve these customers well and can execute better in this channel.
As you've heard me say before, our path to growth will not be linear, but we are excited about the market's appetite for our new and existing services. Our Enterprise product expansions and the steady increase in the depth and breadth of our platform will continue to open new addressable markets for Lumen.  
Within our mass markets group, the team is energized as we move deeper into our accelerated ramp of quantum enablement, increasing our addressable footprint and subscriber opportunity. Quantum Fiber is the growth engine for mass markets, and we're excited to update you on our progress.
Our most recent Net Promoter Score, which is above 50, demonstrates the Quantum Fiber delivering a very high-quality product with unmatched symmetric capacity within all-digital experience. We continue to enhance the Quantum experience, including the deployment of our multi-gig fiber capability which will be commercially available to mass market customers later this year.
While it's very early in the adoption phase of this type of capacity, we know there is an insatiable appetite for bandwidth. Our fiber expansions and the architectures we're now deploying with our accelerated build factor in multi-gig services from the beginning and position us for growth coming from VR, AR, gaming, work and learn from home and other high-bandwidth services.
We expect the Quantum capital investment to be concentrated over the next several years, but we believe the capabilities we are enabling will sustain our Quantum product for years into the future. Chris will share more details about our enablement in a minute, but the short answer is that having accelerated our engineering and preconstruction work processes in the first quarter, we expect our build pace to continue to accelerate throughout the year, putting us on track to achieving our goal of 1 million or so enablements in 2022.
As we see it, we are in the first inning of this exciting expansion and are laying the foundation for what we believe is a very large growth opportunity. As with our Enterprise business, we are managing through supply chain constraints within mass markets, but we believe our strong supplier relationships provide support for our build plan. We expect continued strong revenue growth as we ramp enablements and execute on our penetration targets. Quantum delivers a best-in-class service as highlighted by the very positive NPS scores I mentioned, and we are excited to provide this experience to a growing number of mass market locations, both consumer and small business.
Beginning this quarter, we are providing the investment community with enhanced mass market disclosures regarding our retained 16-state footprint as well as other important metrics. Overall, we are pleased with our accelerating build pace and look forward to taking meaningful market share as we continue to gain scale.
I'd like to provide a quick update on our previously announced transactions. We continue to expect the transaction with Stonepeak to close early in the third quarter, and our confidence is building that we will close as early as July 1. Separation planning is well underway on the Apollo transaction, and we're working closely with various regulatory bodies. We recently received our completeness determination from the Department of Justice. That said, the process has not moved as quickly as we had hoped, resulting in our pushing back the expected close to early in the fourth quarter. This delay has no impact on our confidence in deal closure.
In a few minutes, Chris will provide a financial update related to the revised closing. But essentially, we will raise our EBITDA and free cash flow guidance based on a presumed [indiscernible] closing. As you will hear from Chris, we are passing through the effects of the adjusted closing date but are making no other change to the outlook we provided last quarter.
As these deals close in the second half of the year, it's very important to us that we are a strong partner to both Stonepeak and Apollo as they drive further success and serve these valued customers. Beyond the financial effects, these transactions allow Lumen to focus on the rightest opportunities for growth. While improving our pro forma revenue mix, these transactions also highlight the value of the Lumen asset portfolio, and we will continue to opportunistically evaluate further portfolio optimization. As always, we'll be disciplined.
While there is no urgency for us to divest additional assets, we will pursue transactions that provide clear strategic and economic benefits for Lumen. Our first priority remains achieving profitable revenue growth, and we're actively deploying the assets, personnel and investments across our entire footprint to achieve that goal. Growth is the principal long-term driver of improved shareholder returns, but we believe shareholders should be rewarded as we transform our company to drive that growth and believe returning cash to shareholders in the form of a dividend is a very important part of our overall value proposition.
We do continue to expect an elevated dividend payout ratio as we execute on our Quantum build plan but also expect it to normalize over time as growth improves and Quantum investments normalize in the out years of the plan. We remain committed to a healthy balance sheet and expect a meaningful reduction in our outstanding debt as we prudently reutilize over $7 billion of net proceeds from our announced transactions.
We continue to believe our market value does not reflect the exciting growth opportunity we are driving toward. And while investing in growth and supporting our dividend are paramount, our Board remains prepared to authorize a share repurchase on short notice, if they believe a buyback provides the best return for our shareholders.
I would like to end my remarks by thanking Neel Dev for his finance leadership as CFO over the past 3 years as well as his contribution to Lumen and its predecessor companies for over the past 18 years. We thank him and wish him continued success in the future.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Chris to discuss our first quarter results in more detail. Chris?

Sure, Batya. I'll take the first question. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we see strong forward indicators. And what that looks like to me is, number one, sales. If you look at our first quarter sales with very solid sales in the quarter, much in line with the strong sales we talked about in the fourth quarter. I get that we don't always see this in revenue yet. And so I'll talk a little bit about that. But the sales for large enterprise, in particular, is the first area that I point to.
And there's good news and bad news in that fact. We've seen great success in very large complex deals with large enterprise customers. These aren't single product plays, and we integrate more closely with the customers' environment with multiple products that makes it very strategic and sticky relationship. These deals shift our revenue mix and move up the stack with managed services and security and edge capabilities. So they're good margin products moving up the stack and make those relationships much stickier.
Some of the bad news associated with the fact of these big deals is they convert to revenue more slowly. They have thousands of locations, takes months and months to coordinate with the customer to turn up the locations. And so they don't convert to revenue quite as quickly as some of our mid-market type deals. The other thing is we need to make sure that we can -- as Chris and I both said, we need to make sure that we are driving more success in our mid-market sales. That's more of the flywheel business Lumen and we need to make sure that we're driving that.
Now lastly, I'll point out that we discussed in this in the fourth quarter call, and that is seasonality tends to impact the first quarter more than it does other quarters. And we've seen that for many years. It's not new to us. And we've talked about it for many years. Looking at the first quarter '21 seasonal -- sequential revenue comparison is pretty typical to what we've seen in previous years. And so those are some of the things that I look at, not really to predict where a trough is, and we don't give revenue guidance.
I'll tell you that we are looking at what type of information we provide and may be something that we look at in the future to provide, but we really don't give revenue guidance at this point. Chris, do you want to ask -- answer that?

And you never know what those reserves exactly are going to be until you go through those audits and things. So that's the process that we have to go through. On the macro environment, I mean, we see some impacts of the war with certain customers, our government customers and some things slowing down, making sure that doing upgrades to the network while you've got something that critical going on. So we see some impacts of that. 
Haven't really seen impacts of inflation on customer buying habits. We still see some impact on -- from COVID on customers not being fully back into the office or having slowed evaluations of new solutions during COVID and just now getting back up to speed on those, but there really no macro comments that we would make about inflation or other things like that.

Yes. So we work really hard on controlling inflation within our own business. If you -- from a fuel standpoint, we have worked over the past few years through our ESG efforts to really reduce our fuel consumption. And we've been pretty proud of what we've done there. And so it's got an impact, but it's got a smaller impact than it would have had 4 or 5 years ago. 
And with respect to supply chains, we do have trouble with supply chains. We see that lingering effect from vendors being able to deliver equipment to us, wanting a little more money for what the equipment they are delivering. But we've got great relationships with them, and we're working through all of that to mitigate the risks and the pressures that come from inflation.

Yes. So I'll take the first one -- the second one first. And Chris said in his prepared remarks that at that time the second half of 2023, we see subscriber -- broadband -- overall broadband subscriber net adds growing in the second half of '23. And we see overall broadband revenue growing in the second half of '23. And so Chris gave those comments in his prepared remarks. Chris, you want -- the leverage?

Sure. On the supply chain issues, it does have an impact on our CPE sales. We don't quantify that number generally, but it's not insignificant. So we look at it pretty carefully. It does not drive EBITDA, it does not drive cash flow, but it does have a fairly significant impact on revenue in the quarter. So we'll continue to focus on it, but not worry about it from a free cash flow or EBITDA perspective. 
Within the service delivery, it absolutely creates bottlenecks for us, especially with customer premise equipment. If the customer wants a particular vendor's product and the vendor isn't shipping it, those are challenges that we have to deal with. It's not an insurmountable challenge. It's not something that I'm pointing to say, oh, service delivery isn't delivering. I think we're doing a great job of managing through the supply chain issues. But it is something that I want you to be aware of that we do see it, and we do face it and I hope that it's getting better. It seems to have improved a little bit over the last month or so, but we'll continue to stay focused with our vendors.
Now the last point is we have great relationships. And so I talked to our major vendors pretty regularly, and we work with them in good times and in bad to make sure that they have accurate forecasts for our services. And so during COVID, I worked with a lot of these vendors to make sure they knew what they could expect from us. And now we're working with them to make sure that we can expect from them. So we'll continue to work through the supply chain issues. It's a warning flag that I want you to hear, but I don't want you to overemphasize it in that either.

Sure. Let me address the first question on asset sales. I never speculate on any particular assets and never comment on anything. But I'll point out that we've demonstrated and opened this to smart optimization of our assets. We've also demonstrated the discipline to get the right deal done, not just get a deal done. And so we'll continue to do that. There's no urgency for us to divest anything, but we're always interested in figuring out the best ways to generate strong returns for our shareholders.
I'll also add that any acquisitions or dispositions really must meet 2 fundamental criteria. And the first is attractive valuation and the second is strategic benefit to Lumen. And so anything we do, we'll have to meet those 2 requirements. As you look at our LatAm sale and our ILEC sale in the 20 states to Apollo, both of those transactions meet the attractive valuations and providing strategic benefit to Lumen. And so that's the context in which we'll look at any type of acquisition or disposition. I'm sorry, Greg, what was the other question?

The mid-market weakness, I really think it's still just a lingering effect of COVID. I look at our products and services and our sales motion with them and our digital experience and think that it is -- so we've got all the right capabilities for the customers. They're just not yet back into the office or just now getting back into the office and starting to look at sales opportunities again. And so we'll continue to focus on that. I'm pretty confident in our ability to win in that group. We just need to make sure that we do and execute on the plan. It's a relatively small number of our overall Enterprise business. I don't have the exact percentage in my head, but it's a relatively small number.

Sure. So great question, and I'll ask Chris to answer it because that's what he spends a lot of time over the last month that he's been here. He's thinking about how do we give appropriate disclosures, better disclosure, clear disclosures on our business. And so Chris, I'll let you...

Sure. The first one, bundling mobile and broadband. Candidly, we haven't seen that it has been all that important, if you -- and -- so we will continue to evaluate and continue to look at it. I know we're never going to go out and build -- actually, I shouldn't say never, but we're not going to go out and buy a whole bunch of spectrum and build a network ourselves. So it would be through partnerships, obviously, that we would consider doing it. But we haven't seen bundle -- we didn't see the bundle between Prism TV payoff and subscriber growth. We think our broadband capability stands on its own.
I mean, we just announced that we're going to do multi-gigabit services. We think that's an incredible capability. We think our all-digital experience, provides a customer experience that's unmatched in the market, layering WiFi and home WiFi and layering security on top of those types of capabilities. We think our product is second to none and stands on its own. So I don't think that we'll really not anytime soon look at mobile bundling. But I don't say never. We'll always keep it open mind to it if we thought that it added value.
From a pricing perspective, we look at re-rates pretty regularly and see if there are opportunities to do re-rates. And so I'm not going to get into our specific strategy on what customers, what type of customers, what types of products. But when we look at the market and we feel that our prices are not where they should be, we do re-rates. It's historically not been a huge number, but it's something that over the past couple of years -- for 3 or 4 years that we've paid a lot of attention to and we'll continue to do so.

Yes. So I'll try and take a couple of those and leave whichever ones I've forgotten to Chris. I don't know the number on asset sales, what the revenue is. So Chris, you can have...

Yes. The second question you had was on the CAF II release and was it contemplated in the guidance and what we said last quarter. And the answer is the CAF II -- the opportunity for CAF II release has always been contemplated in the guidance. I won't give details on how much, when, or any of that. But yes, it's contemplated in our guidance. It's a little bit of a fuzzy number moving forward because we don't know what the audits will result in. And until you go through that process, you don't know whether there is a release or how much of a release or if there's some sort of make it has to go.
And then on top return due to fixed wireless, we're not seeing it, but, I'm sure, there's a little bit, but we're not seeing it. If you think about fixed wireless moving forward and the broadband capabilities of Quantum, I look at it and think we have exactly the right solutions for fixed wireless. And we use fixed wireless and our Enterprise business is a campus area in networking technology. There are always multiple technologies to deliver similar services. And so we use it in our campus area networking solutions to provide mobility within a campus.
But as soon as you wouldn't have traffic that wants to leave the edge of the campus, it moves to fiber. And we think that is ultimately the answer for all communications, whether it's leaving the edge of the campus for fixed wireless-type communications, or is leaving the edge of the campus or leaving the edge to the home, it wants to leave best on fiber. And so we look at it and think there's certainly some application, probably more applicable in rural environments than in dense urban market clusters the Quantum Fiber is targeting. But I don't know that we see any particular churn as a result of it.

So Nick, I think I should answer the question about what am I charging him with, but I'll let Chris answer.

And what do we need to do better in mid-market, I'll give you a short-term answer and a long-term answer. The short-term answer is we need to get people back in the office. We need to get them looking new technology solutions for their businesses. And that's obviously beyond our control to some extent, but we need to keep working with those customers as they come back from the past 2 years. Longer term, we need to keep investing in all-digital experience. Last week -- and I guess this is near term, too. 
But last week, we launched the Lumen Marketplace. And the Lumen marketplace is an ideal for our mid-market customers to go in and explore and learn about our capabilities, to configure things that they want and to place orders that we can then turn up very quickly because we've been standardizing our building platform in which those customers exist. And so we need the customers to get back in the office and start buying but we also need to make sure that we're driving utilization of the capabilities that we've been building and have recently launched for those customers. So we're excited about that business. And if you look at our security business, our DDoS mitigation, our excellent broadband, SASE, SD-WAN, all of those capabilities, we think we have the right answers. We just need to continue to execute on the plan.

Sure. First of all, everything affect our supply chain that I don't point to that as any major obstacle in our fiber ramps for this year at this point. So I don't want to discount it entirely, but again I don't want to over highlight it either. If you look at our process, we have shifted from micro targeting to a more market-based targeting. That means more engineering upfront, longer permitting times. And all of the things that we have contemplated in our build schedule but make it nonlinear.
Now I'm going to see the same number in the first quarter that you see the second quarter. It's not always as efficient as you would want it to be, and you certainly can't divide 1 million by 4 and think that, that's the right number. So I talked about capital in my remarks. And I think that we are on track for what we're wanting to accomplish in 2022 from a fiber build perfective, and we should be continuing to ramp throughout the year.

We've always been very excited about the success that Quantum Fiber brings to the market. We've had a great digital experience. We handle the sales and turn it up and all that through the digital experience. So we think that we -- and we have a great symmetrical high-speed product. And so yes, we're very pleased with what we see. We haven't reported specifically what we're seeing in 2021, but we think that 1-year mark is a good place to look at it. And so that's why we talked about 2020.
Thank you, everybody. Look, in closing, I just want to say that Lumen is a company undergoing rapid and exciting change in 2022. We've been on a transformation journey for the past several years, and it's really coming to a focal point in 2022. 
We see a broad opportunity set across our business in mass market units as we streamline and positioned them for revenue growth. In addition, I look forward to Chris' new leadership of our finance organization and the powerful skill set he brings to the team. So Chris, I'd like to add my official welcome in front of everybody. With that, we will end the call. Thank you all for joining. As always, thank you for your interest in Lumen.