Thank you, Valerie. And thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. A week ago today marked the 1 year anniversary of CenturyLink's acquisition of Level 3. To date, we're pleased with our integration progress. On our third quarter's earnings call last year, which was just a few days after the acquisition closed, I told you that the combined company is focused on a few things: profitable revenue growth, operational excellence to reduce cost and drive a great customer experience and increasing free cash flow per share. We made good strides on all of these objectives over the last year. You can certainly see the benefits of our initiatives to reduce costs and increase free cash flow per share in our strong synergy achievement, margin expansion and continued growth in adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. I believe these results demonstrate the value of the acquisition. We are very focused on operating the business with discipline and efficiency, and you'll continue to see us focus on expanding margins and growing the bottom line. 
Additionally, with our focus on profitable revenue, we've taken a hard look at the business and stopped certain product lines, exited unprofitable contracts and changed our approach to how we sell things like CPE. While these decisions negatively affect revenue, they're the right decisions for the business to drive growth in adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. 
We made a great deal of integration progress this year, combining networks and systems, improving how we interface with our customers and making it easier for our employees to do their jobs. While we still have more integration work to do over the next year or 2, our focus shifts more and more to transformation. 
On today's call, we'll follow our usual process. Neel Dev will provide an update on our detailed financial results and our updated full year outlook. I'll then provide an update on our integration and transformation progress and the company in general. After that, we will open it up for your questions. 
Before I turn the call over to Neel, I wanted to take just a moment to introduce him to those of you who have not met him. Neel has been with the combined company for 14 years, having joined Level 3 in 2004. While he was part of Sunit's team since that time, when I joined Level 3 in 2008 as the COO, Neel was also part of my team as our operational finance lead. I worked closely with him since 2008 and have frequently given him large roles such as in the Global Crossing and tw telecom acquisitions. I also asked Neel to lead the integration planning team for Level 3 during the acquisition by CenturyLink. After the close, in his role with finance, he has been instrumental in driving our synergy achievement and other integration initiatives. I have very high confidence in his abilities, his focus on results, and I'm very pleased to have him as the CFO of CenturyLink. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Neel.

Thank you, Neel. I thought I'd start with giving a few highlights of the integration progress over the last year and starting with a few examples of initiatives we completed this quarter. For North America, EMEA and Asia Pacific, we've completed our enterprise resource planning, or ERP, and are now on a single instance of this system for all ERP functions. Latin America is scheduled for conversion sometime mid next year. We made progress in combining wholesale-oriented billing systems related to intercarrier compensation and had moved the Level 3 business to the go-forward systems. 
Also contributing to our synergy attainment, we've continued consolidating real estate this quarter. As a reminder, over the course of the last year, we made great strides in a number of areas, sales force integration, network interconnection, contract integration, migrating circuits from off-net providers to our on-net facilities. 
An integration year can be very challenging. Employees transition to new roles, systems change, account reps are assigned new customers, and our customers' interfaces to the company change as well. We've seen these changes and many challenges in many of the acquisitions we've completed before. And I'm pleased to say that even in an acquisition as large as Level 3, we've managed the transition well. Neel and our integration teams did an excellent job during the integration planning process, and since then in the execution of those plans. A few key metrics that we watch that demonstrate success are, number one, legacy revenue churn has been in line with expectations. Customer retention has been strong, which can always be an issue in an integration year. And although the fourth quarter is typically the lightest sales of the year, since the fourth quarter of 2017, we've now had 3 straight quarters of sequential enterprise sales growth. While pleased with that growth, especially during an integration year, given our assets and our capabilities, we're not satisfied and we believe it should be stronger. 
Neel discussed our revenue in detail, and I won't go through it again, but I want to emphasize, we are focused on profitable revenue growth that drives margin expansion and EBITDA growth. We will continue to be very disciplined in this respect. While we do have additional integration work to complete, our focus is now turning to transformation. As I noted last quarter, integration is about bringing the 2 companies together. We've done well on this front. Transformation is about enhancing our business for effectiveness, cost efficiency and customer experience to move us where we want to be as a company. And I'm excited about the opportunity to fulfill our vision for the future. Not only will our transformation initiatives improve how we interface with our customers, simplify the employee experience and enhance the capabilities we deliver to the market, we also have a significant opportunity to remove cost from the business. 
One important aspect of transformation is our product evolution. Our goal is to offer products that drive our customers' own capabilities forward, allow them to use our products to complete their digital transformations and enable their growth. We want to offer products in a way that customers want to buy and consume them in an increasingly digital and dynamic way. We certainly made progress in simplifying our products but have also focused on launching new capabilities. In October, we introduced Dynamic Connections as part of our Cloud Connect portfolio. Dynamic Connections leverage CenturyLink's software-defined networking technology to give customers the ability to establish new ethernet connections to cloud service providers across the globe and within minutes. 
We'll continue expanding the depth and breadth of our platform to many cloud service and software-as-a-services providers. But today, if a CenturyLink customer in North America, EMEA or Asia Pacific wanted to reach AWS, for example, they could configure their bandwidth in any way they like. Enterprise customers will be able to securely connect their private data centers and office locations directly to the cloud whenever they want and only pay for the time that they keep the connections in service. Once the initial capacity is established, they can manage their network capacity, just like they do their cloud capacity, seamlessly shifting loads from one place to another. 
During our last earnings call, I said CenturyLink is not a telecom company but that we are a technology company. Making it easier for our customers to utilize technology on a global platform is key to their success and ours. 
In September, we announced the global expansion of our SD-WAN solutions. With this expansion, our SD-WAN capabilities are available in more than 30 countries throughout North America, EMEA, Latin America and Asia Pacific, connecting to more than 2,200 owned and third-party data centers and over 100,000 enterprise buildings worldwide. This launch also enables a single global hybrid networking solution that pairs SD-WAN with any combination of CenturyLink's leading network solutions, whether VPN for private networking, dedicated Internet access, broadband and wireless solutions for public networking as well as customer-provided networks. This solution is built in our go-forward ecosystem, providing an improved experience for CenturyLink customers and employees. 
Also in September, we launched Vyvx Cloud Connect, which gives broadcasters the ability to easily move live and linear video from studios and stadium venues into and out of the AWS cloud. This allows broadcasters to take advantage of the media workflows that help them make video ready for over-the-top delivery. With these capabilities along with our large existing product portfolio positions CenturyLink to win in the market by helping our customers solve their diverse communications and networking needs. 
As an example of a recent win, a customer of both Level 3 and CenturyLink recognized our combined capabilities and new product offerings and how the new CenturyLink is positioned to help them meet their evolving needs. After years of growth in a complex, highly regulated area, the customer is in the midst of a multiyear business transformation initiative. As part of their goals around operational optimization and digital transformation, they needed better solutions to operate their distributed environment. They needed a hybrid networking solution. By partnering with CenturyLink, the customer will receive a mix of our MPLS broadband SD-WAN and Managed Enterprise services at several hundred locations. Our turnkey approach, comprehensive product set and the ability to proactively manage all aspects of the network migration were key factors in our selection. 
Another area in our product evolution is our approach to 5G. We're working with our customers to enable their 5G road maps as we extend our fiber footprint. For a company like CenturyLink with deep metro assets and a desire to build to even more buildings and locations, 5G is certainly part of our network expansion strategy. As we deploy fiber closer to both our enterprise and consumer customers, connecting 5G networks is a natural extension of our plans and represents a revenue growth opportunity. We also expect to partner with wholesale providers to use their 5G access technology where it makes sense as a part of our enterprise customers' overall networking needs. 
CenturyLink's transformation, though, is not just about products and services. It's also about our day-to-day interactions with our customers, whether it's how customers purchase our products, the installation process, billing and payment, how they interact with us when they have an issue or any of the other touch points along the way. All these interactions, whether a consumer customer or a large enterprise customer, are big factors in how the customer views their overall experience with CenturyLink. We must continue to evolve and digitalize their experience. Because of the number -- large number of consumer customers, we're working here first. We have initiated a human-centered design approach to really understand what's important to the customers and how we can deliver what's important in a seamless, automated interaction. 
Transformation also means ensuring we have the right organizational structure in place. Technology, innovation and IT are critical for our success. Since closing, we have achieved a number of important systems and technology milestones that have not progressed at the pace I believe we can achieve. As I looked forward, I felt the need for greater clarity, visibility and accountability across our technology and IT functions. To that end, I made changes in the leadership of the CTO team. Andrew Dugan is our new CTO, reporting directly to me, responsible for our network and technology platforms as well as our security team. Fletcher Keister, who currently reports to me as the Head of Strategic Operations and Planning, has assumed responsibility for leading our IT and transformation functions. And Shaun Andrews, who currently reports to me as the head of our product team, is now responsible for our product development efforts as well. Each of these functions previously reported to Aamir Hussain, who is leading the company as part of this reorganization. 
I'll summarize the quarter by saying, a year after the acquisition of Level 3, we've made great progress with integration and are ahead of our planned synergy realization. With many transformation initiatives underway, we're excited about the opportunity to grow market share, while also taking significant costs out of the business. 
With that, Melody, we are ready for questions.

Yes, sure. I'll let Neel give the details, but it was a -- we do a lot of business with state and local governments, and a lot of these deals are for voice services, legacy type services. So this one in particular was a legacy voice contract. We look at that business and say how can we extend it, how can we take the contract and extend its life. And in this case, we gave them a rewrite, but it's extended the life of the contract by about 7 years. Neel, if you want to add.

Yes. Absolutely, Mike. You're right. I mean, we want to invest. We know that where we invest in getting high speeds, we do very well. If you look at our net adds, those are in all high-speed areas. And so we are very heavily trying to invest. It's part of my commentary around 5G. It's part of my commentary around adding buildings. I think we have something like 7,000 to 8,000 buildings that we've already approved to build into. And so we are going to continue to push fiber closer and closer to our consumer customers, closer and closer to our enterprise customers because we know that when we can get to a high speed, we can create a very competitive product. We're also pulling back on some of the bonding and vectoring to get a lower speed product. We know that at 20 meg and below, we're going to have trouble retaining the business. And so where it makes sense, we will invest. Where we invest, we expect to grow. And we think that will be more and more fiber-based as opposed to copper-based.

And that's why we're using micro targeting to figure out where to build and how to build and really working hard to drive the penetration and the footprint that we already have because we don't think we're fully penetrated in the high-speed footprint that we have.

And Batya, when it comes to getting too granular in all of this stuff, we try to avoid getting too granular in looking at individual contracts or anything when we're doing earnings calls. But it's -- but we're going to continue to be disciplined about things that aren't creating value for us. If it's a low-margin CPE and then we're having to implement it and do other things and not generating a good return, it's distracting our organization and it's not giving us anything, so we'll stop it. Same thing is true for low-margin contracts. No, we don't see a huge list of low-margin contracts out there, but there have been some, and they tend to be kind of big ones when we find them. But there are also lower margin products and things that are not in our strategy going forward, things around maybe IT consulting services and some of those other types of products that are not network-centric. If they're not network-centric, we're going to focus on the network-centric things. And so -- and we look at our business very diligently and continue to try and make sure that we're just doing smart things.

Yes. So look, I am pleased that we've grown bookings every -- or sales every quarter since the fourth quarter. But Nick, my team knows that I'm perpetually dissatisfied, and I think we can always do better. And we're making sure that we're simplifying our product set. We're creating a uniform footprint in every building so that when our salespeople go out, they know what products are available, they can have standard products there. We're simplifying the operating environment for our sales team and trying to make that better for them, simplifying the operating environment for our installation team so we can turn revenue up quickly. We don't have any particular problems associated with integration for installs, but I think we can always do better there, too. And so our goal is to get better every single day in every single aspect of what we can do. I look at our product set, I look at the market need and I look at our capabilities and geographic footprint, and I think we can do better. And so that's what my comments were about that, yes, we're pleased with the fact that we've grown every quarter, but we're never satisfied with that. And we spend a lot of time internally looking and talking to our team, whether it's the product team or the sales team, how do we penetrate market better? How do we win more business? What infrastructure do we need to be building in? It's part of the reason we have 7,000, 8,000 buildings in our cube because we think those are great buildings to convert off-net circuits to on-net, but they're also great buildings to add new customers in.

I can't comment on anybody but ours, and ours has to do with some of the decisions that we've been making about what we want to do and what products we want to sell, what products we don't want to sell, what customers we want to serve, what customers we -- contracts we don't want to continue with. I think that we can do a better job of executing, again, just looking at CenturyLink, not talking about anybody else. If we do a better job of executing and continue to drive our product portfolio, where our customers are going, I think that's critical. If you look at our dynamic connections, we hear every day that our customers say, we want to manage the network like we manage our cloud capabilities. And that's what we're doing. We're giving them the ability to manage their network along with managing their cloud in a seamless way, scaling bandwidth up, scaling bandwidth down, redirecting it, allowing their SDN capabilities to interact with our SDN capabilities. So it's about us making sure that we have the right products and that we execute on delivering those products. Again, back to Nick's questions, I think we can always do better than that. But I don't see any particular pricing intensity or competitive intensity out there that we haven't seen for a while.

Sure. With respect to are they growing, first of all, we just launched this product, the one I was just talking about, in October. So it's a little early for us to really have much headwind on, or much traction, on selling that product. But we expect to grow revenue from it. We expect to expand our addressable market by being able to serve more customers. We expect to be able to use a variety of access technologies. So I mentioned a customer may have an MPLS site and they have an SD-WAN site, and they have a broadband connection to us, we want to be able to use all of those different locations to pull content or interaction with the cloud or a cloud service provider. And so I expect it to grow revenue. And I expect it to really expand our addressable market for who we can sell to. And Neel, you want to take the second part of that?

So yes, Frank, there's a ton of things that we have to invest in to make sure that we continue our digital transformation. I mean, right now, what we're investing in on our consumer business is making -- is doing that user-centered design effort that I discussed where we're talking to customers, we're looking at how they want to utilize our products, we're looking at how they want to interface, and we're going to then build those capabilities into our systems. So is there any particular thing? No. Are there a lot of things that we have to do? Yes. If you think about dispatching our field forces, I don't want somebody having to call a technician to tell them where to go. I want them pulling down their map and the system automatically routing them and looking at our workforce and where everybody is and predicted analytics to tell when they're going to be completed and route our people more efficiently. And so there are lots of things that will go into our digitalization and digital transformation as a company. Neel, do you want to take the second?

Yes. I don't know the exact rate, but it's low single digits and somewhere in there. And yes, it is still growing. So look, I've been very clear about this, I think SD-WAN is a great product for us in certain locations. MPLS is a great product for us in certain locations. It's the strength of the CenturyLink product portfolio that when it comes to networking services, it does not matter what type of networking application you're trying to build, we can provide services to do that. And I think that's a real strength because within every one of our customers, they have different sites that need different needs. It's not a, I need dark fiber to every resolution, or I need a wave to every solution. They need dark fiber to some locations, they need waves to some locations, they need SD-WAN to some locations. And so it's one of the strengths that we look at in our product portfolio. And the customer example I gave you today, there is a healthy MPLS portion of that network, and there is a healthy SD-WAN portion of that network.

Okay. And look, I know when we had revenue declines coming from unprofitable contracts that, that can cause questions. I'm telling you, this is a good thing from an EBITDA and a free cash flow perspective. And the things that we manage this business for, free cash flow and free cash flow per share, these are good things to be doing.

I don't have any idea on the second one. I'll look into it.

With respect to the inflection point on revenue, we don't give revenue guidance. And what we will do at the end of the fourth quarter, we will begin to look at 2019 and figure out what we want to be talking about throughout 2019. The main thing I would look at is EBITDA. Look at our EBITDA expansion that we've talked about. Look at our EBITDA guidance, we raised our EBITDA guidance in the last quarter. Look at our free cash flow, we raised our free cash flow last quarter. We raised it again this quarter because of lower CapEx, but that's also because we're being diligent and disciplined in the way that we spend capital, that we're not doing it just because we've spent it that way before or just because we spent it on copper technologies before. We're not going to do some of those things, and we're looking for how to deploy our capital very effectively and very efficiently. And so I look at EBITDA, I look at free cash flow, I would look less at revenue. But when it comes to the fourth quarter call, we will be thinking about those things again and talk about what kind of guidance we'll give going forward for 2019. 
I'd like to wrap up the call with a couple of key points. We made great strides over this last year with the integration of Level 3. And we're really well ahead of our synergy objectives, achieving $790 million in adjusted EBITDA run rate synergies through the end of the third quarter. Our focus on execution, financial and operating discipline and profitable revenue growth are providing us the results we envisioned and with the continued margin expansion and the growth in adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow per share. We shifted our focus to transform CenturyLink to enhance our business for effectiveness, cost efficiency and customer experience, which will move us to where we want to be as a company. Thank you for joining today's call and for your support of CenturyLink. Melody, that concludes the call.