Thank you, Sunit, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last week, we crossed the 6-month mark since the close of the Level 3 acquisition. I'm pleased with the progress we are making with the integration. Whether rationalizing our product set, enhancing our customer experience, we're capturing the synergies we expected. We're making steady progress. Our results of $215 million in annualized run rate adjusted EBITDA synergies demonstrates the effectiveness of the integration effort and the discipline we use to manage the company. I'm highly confident in our ability to achieve the synergy targets we set when we announced the acquisition. 
As we look at our business segment, the first 6 months have reinforced our confidence in our products and capabilities and the value they bring to the market. The first 6 months have also reinforced our decision to move quickly in implementing the sales structure and processes we wanted to follow. 
Before the close, both companies talked about delays in selling as customers were waiting to see how the integration was going and how the sales force would be structured to support them. Since the close, the integration and sales teams have worked diligently to develop and implement that structure, assign accounts and communicate changes to our customers. Most of these initiatives were completed in early January. After the slow start that Sunit mentioned, we've seen improving sales performance and the strengthening funnel for our business customers. 
Customers realized that we'll meet their wireline networking needs and that our focus on developing solutions to solve their communications challenges is unique and valuable. The combination of Level 3's global network assets, our dense CenturyLink footprint and our willingness to invest in our customers continues to create new opportunities with mid to large enterprise customers. Similarly, the availability of more on-net buildings, combined with our sales force and sales methodologies that are aimed at small and medium businesses, is expanding our opportunity with smaller customers or branch offices of our larger customers. 
In addition, we are increasing our sales efforts with small and medium businesses, both through additional call center salespeople and frontline outside salespeople. Through our ongoing improvements to the digital environment, we're making it easier for these customers to buy and install services. 
With the combination of the 2 companies, the proposition for our global customers is particularly powerful. Our global network assets, combined with our capabilities for hybrid networking and security, enable a strong proposition to our customers' continued migration to the cloud and the hybrid cloud environment. 
Turning to consumer. This segment represents approximately 25% of our total revenue. We value our consumer customers and are focused on going to market with profitable products and services and market-leading customer experience. Last year, we announced we were deemphasizing our Prism TV service and have since made the decision to stop actively marketing it all together. 
In the first quarter, we also shut down our over-the-top video product. We strongly believe in over-the-top solutions, but also believe our role is to leverage our network capabilities to deliver other companies' content to consumers, not necessarily purchase that content and directly market it ourselves. Whether utilizing our CDN services to distribute traffic globally for our large content customers or utilizing our high-speed IP services to deliver content directly to consumers, we will continue to play a valuable and profitable role in over-the-top. 
As we look at our consumer customers, we know that we are more successful when we can provide higher speeds, a simpler experience and move the customer to a more digital environment. We are working in making progress across all 3 of these dimensions. 
As you saw this quarter, while we did see losses in lower speed broadband units, we grew connections for speeds at 20 megabits per second and above. We are spending capital where we can profitably expand our addressable footprint for high-speed services and we are focusing our sales team to sell where we have those services available. 
The rationalization of our products, for example, Prism TV and over-the-top solutions, and the replacement of very complex pricing and promotional plans with our much simpler Price for Life offering are examples of our efforts to simplify our interactions and enhance the customer experience for consumer customers. 
In addition to the integration comments I've already made, I'd like to highlight a few other initiatives. 
From a product perspective, we have completed the go-forward product road map and are focused first on a unified offer for our highest performing products, specifically Ethernet services and waves. Our unified offer will enable us to sell these services to our more than 100,000 buildings globally, including the support of key capabilities that our customers require. 
We have also placed a great deal of attention on combining and enhancing our cloud services. As part of this effort, we have enhanced our software-defined managed services platform for hybrid cloud environment called Cloud Application Manager to improve the user experience and to provide extensive cloud analytic capabilities. We've also continued to grow our cloud connect platform and can serve our customers' global connectivity needs with SDN-enabled dynamic capacity. 
Another area where we continue to make integration progress is migrating traffic from off-net to on-net. As I mentioned before, bringing customers on-net provide several benefits to the customers. Not only does it reduce CenturyLink expenses, it also provides a better experience for our customers as we control their networks from end to end. Our disciplined process for moving traffic on-net is a key part of our integration plan. As our approach is very customer-centric and designed to avoid disruption, we expect this to take several years. 
As Sunit noted, capital expenditures were a little light this quarter, but that's not an indicator of a change in strategy or direction or an effort to limit capital in order to grow free cash flow. Free cash flow growth is a key to our strategy, but we will continue to invest in capital in our network, our products, our operational efficiency and our customer experience, all with the expectation of driving profitable revenue growth and growth in free cash flow per share for the company. 
In summary, I feel good about the market opportunity and the progress we're making in serving our customers. You'll see us continue to focus on selling profitable services to our customers, carefully managing our expenses and expanding our margins. We remain committed to and confident in our ability to maintain the dividend. 
Before I open the call up for questions, I wanted to take a moment to say thank you to Glen for all of his contributions to CenturyLink and recognize him for the company he has built. As Glen mentioned, this will be his last earnings call, but he's been the CEO of CenturyLink for 26 years. As CEO, he grew the company from a regional RLEC with a few hundred million in revenue to the $24 billion global enterprise and consumer networking company we are today. 
On a personal note, I'd like to thank Glen for his support in my role as COO and the transition to CEO coming in a couple of weeks. I've enjoyed working with and getting to know you, Glen. And I look forward to continuing that relationship with you in your role as a board member. 
With that, operator, can you explain the process for asking questions?

Yes. And I think -- so we're doing a lot of things to make sure that the sales environment is good for our salespeople. We have complex business, we have complex products, but we put things in place like our sales support center so our salespeople can call if they have questions about either a product or a system that they have to use. So we put in the infrastructure in place to make sure that we can continue to drive sales, in addition to all the other marketing and support -- sales support infrastructure that we already had in place. With respect to consumer broadband, I believe that we can build a very effective consumer broadband product, but it may not be the same in all markets. We'll look at CAF II and make sure that we are investing there in the way to build broadband services in rural markets. We've done some trials with fixed wireless and we'll continue to look at other technologies to make sure that we're evaluating the best way to do it. We know that when we build high-speed capabilities in the market, we can be very effective in competing. And so we will do that and we will make sure that we are marketing more toward those customers where we have high-speed capabilities and where we've expanded our high-speed footprint.

I might just point out, too, that if you look at our top 25 -- you're asking about the [indiscernible] markets, Phil. If you look at our top 25 markets, we have 40 megabits or more, which has really been the sweet spot for us for over -- or about 60% of our households' addressable units. And if you look -- and then in the same markets, we have about 30% of our households have access to 100 megabits or more. So we have a lot of capacity to sell into there in the months ahead that we've already built.

Good suggestion. Obviously, we have time lines and payoffs for each individual initiative that we have and we make sure that we track those things pretty aggressively. We've not really shared those publicly before, but we'll take those as a suggestion.

Yes. So I'll take the first part of that, Batya, and then let Sunit answer the percentage of revenues and stuff. We absolutely see SD-WAN as a great product for us in combination with our other products. Our customers have networking solutions -- networking challenges. SD-WAN is a good solution for some of those. MPLS is a good solution for others. Private line-dedicated services, waves, dark fiber, they have different needs for different networking challenges that they have. And so, yes, when we go to a customer with an MPLS solution several years ago, we didn't necessarily have the opportunity to go down and pick up their really small site. SD-WAN gives us that capability. Now we still have to have the physical infrastructure to get there. That's one of the strengths of the CenturyLink network is that we can layer SD-WAN on top of the physical infrastructure directly to those customers. But we view it as an opportunity for us to gain more market share, both inside our footprint with existing customers and outside our footprint with new customers and existing customers.

And a lot of it, though, is fiber-based. So it's very upgradable if we decide later to do more fixed wireless. The fiber infrastructure that we built is entirely consistent with that approach as well. The second question, I'm sorry?

Yes, we do have partnerships with video providers. We have linear programming partnerships that we -- where we sell and make sure that if our customers want a video solution, that we have one to offer them.  We'll do the same thing with over-the-top going forward. We have relationships with most of the over-the-top providers because they're big customers of our CDN networks. And so we'll continue to expand those relationships to make sure that we take to our consumer customers the products that they want, even if we don't necessarily provide them directly ourselves.

Yes. So let me start with the sales question, David. And as we go to market with our sales team, it's not that we've gone from 4 competitors to 3 competitors. It's the value of the services and the network that we bring to market. The combined -- combination of CenturyLink and Level 3 brings such a powerful solution to our customers that we see great acceptance. And I'll give you a precursor to that even. The telecom business is a very competitive market for talent. And over the course of the last 6 months, 3 to 6 months, we've seen it to be much easier for us to attract and retain qualified salespeople. We see people wanting to come to us because they see the value that they can take to their customers in selling our products and services. And so it's really the value of the combined business. It's the value of the network, it's the value of the products and services that we bring in solving our customers' problems. And we're very excited about it and our customers are excited about it.

So with respect to spending picking up, I don't really have a good sense for is it backlog or is it overall macro environment. But if you recall previous earnings calls, I don't put a lot of stock in the microenvironment anyway. I believe that our execution determines whether we're being successful or not. Do we take the right products and services to the market. If we do, if we do them effectively, if we position them effectively with our customers, they need and want our products and services. So I think it's probably just we're going to continue to improve as we execute better and as we deliver on the commitment that the customers' need from us.

The takeaways, the better customer experience we provide, the better off for our business. And so we are focused on providing a great customer experience. We're focused on migrating our customers to a digital environment and a digital exchange with us, and we're one of the few industries where we've trained people not to do everything online. We've trained them to call us. And then that's probably not the best approach in today's environment, it's probably not the approach customers want us to take. Sunit gave some examples earlier. If we can reduce the calls, we provide a better customer experience. So how do we reduce calls? It's not just by handling them better, it's not just by redirecting them to websites, it's by changing the need for them to call us. Our initiatives around Price for Life. Let's not have a whole bunch of complex promotional plans where customers are continually rolling off the previous plan or rolling some rebate or discount off and they call us because it looks like our bill has gone up every month when it's just the promotional plan that they were on is ending. Let's get them on Price for Life. Let's continue to give them a consistent service. They don't -- the bill doesn't change. They don't need to call us. They don't feel like the rates are going up, we can guarantee them that price. And so those are some of the things that we're doing, continuing to simplify the way that we interact with our customers on repair and on installs, making sure we have short intervals and windows when we expect people to show up. And so there are a lot of things that we can do and are doing and have been doing to continually improve our customer experience. That's the first and foremost. Secondly, we have good products and services that we can continue to build for our customers. And let's make sure that where we have 100 megabits and above in the markets that Glen described earlier, then we go out and we sell those products and services to the customers, that we figure out how to really leverage some of our security capabilities and deliver those to our consumer customers. And so continue to enhance the product set. And then, lastly, focus on a limited set of profitable products, rather than trying to be a one-stop shop with everything from over-the-top to linear programming. Let's make sure that we have the solutions for our customers that want some of those, but that we don't necessarily have to do them ourselves, and focus on profitability and focus on streamlining our business for our technicians and for our salespeople and for our entire team.