Thanks, Valerie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On today's call, I'll provide a summary of 2020 and an overview of our growth priorities for 2021. Neel will then review our fourth quarter financial results, guide you through our new reporting structure and provide our outlook for 2021. After that, we will take your questions.
We delivered solid execution in 2020 as our employees quickly pivoted to a new operating environment and empowered our customers to meet their own rapidly changing environments. It was a challenging year for our customers and our employees, but 2020 also highlighted the power, flexibility and scalability of our fiber-based offerings and the agility of our employees. I'm exceptionally proud of the team's performance during difficult times.
I'd like to cover a few highlights from the year, and this is on Slide 4 in the presentation. For the last 3 years, you've heard me talk about the integration of Level 3 and the digital transformation of our company. Many of our efforts have culminated last fall with the introduction of the Lumen platform. I'll discuss the details in a moment. But for now, let's say that we see the launch of the platform as a key milestone, and I'm excited about the growth it can enable.
The primary purpose of digital transformation is to improve the customer experience. But when done right, improving customer experience also enables cost savings. Our results reflect the dual benefit of our transformation efforts. In 2019, we announced $800 million to $1 billion in cost improvement associated with our transformation initiatives. Through a combination of digitalization, simplification and other transformation programs, we achieved $830 million in savings as of the fourth quarter of 2020, a year ahead of our original schedule.
The benefits of that work are seen in the fact that we grew both adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin in the fourth quarter. These efforts, to enable more efficient digital interactions, also drove improvement in our Net Promoter Scores particularly in those areas where we've invested for growth in fiber-based services for enterprise and consumers. You can also see the benefit of the better customer experience in our improving revenue trajectory, which is up 150 basis points compared to 2019. While I know we have more to do, I'm encouraged by that improvement. We are turning to growth in those parts of the business in which we are investing and are managing our declining businesses with disciplined focused on preserving the free cash flow they generate.
Our foundation for future growth comes from our investments in the Lumen edge cloud infrastructure, expanding fiber for enterprises and deploying new in-building technology for greater security, service resilience and speed of delivery and increasing the number of gigabit-enabled consumer customers. In 2020, we added 400,000 homes passed to our fiber to the home footprint. We now reach more than 2.4 million homes and are very excited about the digital customer experience we are providing through our Quantum Fiber brand.
We also continue to pay down debt and refinance maturities, reducing interest expense and strengthening our balance sheet. Lastly, we've expanded our commitment to ESG initiatives and recently issued our first sustainability-linked bond. Additionally, over the last year, we increased our focus on diversity and inclusion, adding a number of new programs, naming a Chief Diversity Officer to spearhead our efforts and expanding the leadership team's accountability and engagement in our diversity and inclusion goals. We remain committed to continually improving our approach to ESG, and I encourage you to review our annual ESG report.
Looking forward, we believe the launch of the Lumen platform sets a strong foundation for growth. Slide 5 gives you a sense of how we view the progression of the business. Over the last several years, we've been focused on integrating, transforming and operationalizing the capabilities we bring to market. With much of that work behind us, 2021 is about revenue growth and expanding adoption of our platform.
More customers in more areas accessing more services in a seamless, automated and real-time basis is the vision for the Lumen platform. Of course, given the pandemic and macroeconomic implications, uncertainties remain in 2021. And we're keeping an eye on that, but we are excited about the coming year. We feel good about our sales funnel and customer engagement for both IGAM and enterprise, but we do see lengthening sales cycles as companies continue to evaluate their new infrastructure needs.
Turning to Slide 6. The onset of the fourth industrial revolution creates market demands for more capacity, more distributed computing resources, lower latency and higher resilience than ever before. Lumen and the Lumen platform are purpose-built to meet those needs. I'll start at the bottom of the slide with the physical infrastructure layer.
The physical infrastructure is obviously the foundational requirement for everything driving our economy today. I believe Lumen has the best local and long-haul fiber infrastructure in the world. Let me touch on a few points as to what that means for our customers.
First of all, we connect customers in more than 180,000 on-net buildings directly to our infrastructure with secure and reliable fiber. We have deep and robust interconnection and peering facilities to the world's eyeball networks and ISPs, acquiring and distributing traffic to and from millions of end points. We have direct fiber connectivity to cloud service providers, hyperscalers and more than 2,200 global data centers with tremendously scalable capacity.
Over our global fiber network, we operate one of the world's largest Internet backbones and carry a significant portion of the Earth's Internet traffic each and every day. The role we play in enabling the global Internet uniquely positions our Black Lotus Labs team to quickly gain visibility and insight into emerging cyber threats, which we then use to secure and protect our customers' networks and applications. As the team likes to say, "We see more, so we can stop more." In a nutshell, the Lumen platform has the scale, security, ubiquity and resilience necessary to meet the needs of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.
Moving up one layer in the slide, Lumen Dynamic Connections is the result of recognizing that our customers needed software-based agility to consume and interact with our infrastructure. We meet this need by utilizing software-defined networking to allow customers to consume on the fly everything from basic network connectivity to more advanced services like SD-WAN, Hyper WAN and Hyper DDoS. With this network as a service approach, our customers can add capacity and reconfigure destinations for that capacity as needed, enabling instantaneous consumption of additional network services. This contrast with the old model of interacting with a salesperson scheduling the service delivery time line and rolling trucks. Our platform approach not only improves the velocity with which customers can respond to their application need but also the velocity we experience in capturing and converting opportunity to revenue.
Moving beyond the dynamic network, the next layer highlights the capabilities of the Lumen hybrid cloud. Access to multiple clouds over an agile, seamless and secure communications fabric is as critical to our customers as the physical layer network connectivity. They operate in dynamic environments that requires the ability to adapt to the daily minute-by-minute or even second-by-second shifting of their workloads from one compute resource to another.
The Lumen hybrid cloud, combined with our Dynamic Connections capability, allows customers to locate compute resources in their on-premises data centers, Lumen private and public cloud offerings or within one of the major cloud service providers, all with full control. The thousands of SaaS providers are a specific use case. The Lumen hybrid cloud capabilities allow them to leverage our peering networks and our own ISP to enhance their application performance by locating compute resources in our edge cloud facilities and bypassing much of the [ best efforts ] Internet. You saw an example of this with our recent SAP announcement. SAP is working with Lumen to take advantage of these capabilities and other aspects of our platform to improve their customer experience, reduce their cost and enhance their service offerings.
I've discussed the Lumen edge initiatives on previous calls. As of today, we have fully enabled edge facilities covering roughly 60% of U.S. enterprise locations within 5 milliseconds of latency. Combining our unique fiber capabilities with our widespread edge infrastructure, by year-end, we expect to have more than 95% of U.S. enterprises within that same latency performance. We believe the Lumen edge cloud offers a compelling solution for many of our customers' latency-sensitive applications and are encouraged that it will contribute to our improving revenue trends as it is more fully deployed and adopted.
The final layer, the Lumen orchestrator, is a set of software tools that orchestrate all of these capabilities to give our customers greater control, a simpler operating model and a lower cost of ownership in an increasingly complex environment. We recently announced a partnership with VMware, which combines their orchestration capabilities and secure work-from-anywhere solutions with an increasingly dynamic, robust and automated Lumen platform. We're excited about this partnership and expect to work with VMware to bring new services to market through our joint innovation lab initiatives.
Both SAP and VMware are tremendous companies. We look forward to these relationships and believe they can be an important part of driving growth for Lumen. We expect to announce additional strategic relationships in the coming months.
I'll now take a moment to walk you through our 2021 priorities outlined on Slide 8. The first priority is to drive growth over the Lumen platform. Simply put, the Lumen platform combines the control flexibility, latency and performance of on-premises solutions with the efficiency, economics and simplicity of cloud-based solutions. We will continue to expand the digital marketplace we've developed and the products and services available to customers. To that end, we anticipate new products like Lumen edge bare metal, Lumen edge private cloud, Lumen edge VM and an expansion of locations where customers can leverage the Lumen capabilities to enhance their applications with low latency. Together, these capabilities are unique to Lumen and would be difficult to replicate.
Let me give you a couple of examples to tie this all together. We're working with a major auto company on their autonomous vehicle program, helping them train their machine learning systems by building an accelerated data access network that decreases data transfer times between the metro areas they are testing with their headquarters. We're also working with a financial services company to update their computing architecture to meet exacting specifications for performance with financial counterparties around the world. We're managing the computing and storage infrastructure along with the network connectivity to their broad digital distribution footprint for market data. The benefit to the customer is the standardization of centralized computing for efficiency and flexibility, and simplifying their long-term digital distribution across the software-defined network.
Our second priority is to improve the penetration of our robust product portfolio on our existing assets. Over the last few years, we have invested in adding new on-net buildings, deploying the latest in fiber technology in our long-haul network and expanding our fiber to the home footprint. We have begun to grow where those investments have been made, but we believe we can do better. In short, as customers return a portion of their workforce to the office, we are well positioned to provide their work-from-anywhere solutions. As employees and students continue to work and learn remotely, we are excited about our symmetrical broadband solutions for the home. Increasing our customer base and gaining wallet share with existing customers is a key priority for 2021.
Our third priority is our ongoing transformation to make it easier and easier for customers to consume our services and for our employees to support them. Expanding our digital marketplace and increasing the number of digital interactions are key goals. We believe this allows Lumen to continue to improve the velocity at which we move from opportunity to revenue and further enables our ability to improve customer experience and reduce operating costs.
Fourth is the continuation of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we remain committed to our capital allocation strategy to create shareholder value through investment in growth, returning value to shareholders through our dividend and reducing debt. Neel will provide the details, but we believe the changes we are making in our reporting categories properly reflect the evolution of our products and services and our focus on growth. We hope these changes will provide better visibility into how we are performing where we are investing for growth as well as how we're doing in managing voice and other declining businesses for cash.
I'll wrap up by saying that I'm encouraged by the progress we've made and fully focused on the work that lies ahead. We leave 2020 with improving revenue trends, better EBITDA margins and a strengthened balance sheet. I believe we have demonstrated that we can take out costs to meet the pressure of legacy revenue loss. Going forward, we will continue to implement customer-centric operational improvements, but our future isn't about EBITDA stability through cost management. Rather, it is about EBITDA growth driven by revenue growth. I believe the Lumen platform is the right solution for our customers and will help us drive revenue, customer experience and ongoing operating efficiencies.
We are excited about the opportunities ahead, but an earnings call doesn't allow us enough time to discuss the numerous programs we have underway. We intend to host a virtual Analyst Day in late spring. During that event, we will share in greater depth our go-to-market strategies, exciting alliances and new solutions we bring to the market. Stay tuned for the detailed information about this event, and I look forward to providing you additional insight on our road map to future growth.
With that, I'll turn it over to Neel.

And David, how we accomplish that is by our investments, by our focus. And where we're leaning in over the last couple of years, you've seen us invest heavily in improving our customer experience and our digital interactions with customers and the way that our employees support them. But at the same time, we've been building and investing in the Lumen platform and the capabilities that we want to deliver to the market. Neel talked about the 3 big product categories that are growing. But if you look inside some of those, things like edge computing, we announced last year that we were going to invest heavily in edge. Today, we have about 60% of U.S. enterprises within 5 milliseconds.
So as you look at the services that we've been developing, Lumen edge cloud, the Lumen edge VM, the Lumen edge bare metal, all of those capabilities we see as growth capabilities. And we've been investing heavily in them as well as things like hybrid WAN and Dynamic Connections and UCaaS, unified communications as a service. We continue to invest in the products and services and the capabilities that we need to deliver those. We continue to invest in the infrastructure, making sure that we're expanding fiber to businesses, building out our edge cloud facilities and capabilities.
And we've also been investing in our partnerships and making sure that we are partnering with world-class companies that we can take and put on the Lumen platform, companies like Zoom, companies like SAP, companies like VMware, that we can partner with them and provide unique innovative solutions all over the Lumen platform. And so we'll continue to do that and continue to invest in the OpEx as well to drive those products and services. So Neel talked about that in his response to Batya's question about EBITDA. So I'd say that what we've been doing for the last couple of years have been investing in those things, but really building the platform at this point. And now it's more about rolling that platform to our customers and expanding the products and services they buy from us.

And I'll just add, from a market perspective, we're super excited about our Quantum Fiber brand and the capabilities that we bring to the market. The digital experience is, in my opinion, second to none where our NPS scores reflect a very high satisfaction, the quality of the product, the bidirectional nature of the product and the symmetry of that capacity, the peering networks that we tie that into. We're extremely excited about the capabilities that we give to the customers and their acceptance of it.

Sure. So over the last couple of years, you've seen the expense impact of the platform that we've been building. As you think back, and I've referenced this in the prepared remarks, in 2019, we said we were going to save $800 million to $1 billion in transformation expenses. In the quarter -- fourth quarter, we reached $830 million, and so you can see the benefit in our cost structure of the platform. But let me tell you a little bit more about what the platform is and why it's different than everybody else.
First of all, it's built, and I'm kind of referencing Slide 6 in the presentation, it's built on what I consider to be the world's best cyber infrastructure. The ubiquity of our fiber, the density of our fiber, the reach, the span, the quality and the ability to upgrade capacity, which we saw in 2020 with COVID, is second to none. And we'll continue to invest in building that infrastructure. But not only that, we've been able to locate our edge compute nodes with that fiber and with the peering connectivity within 5 milliseconds of the majority of the U.S. enterprises. By the end of the year, we'll be at 95%, 98% of U.S. enterprises. And so there's that coupling that nobody else has. Nobody else has that ability.
But then we also have the, again, the peering networks, but the connectivity into cloud service providers, the 2,200 data centers on-net. And our Dynamic Connections capability is really a network as a service where we integrate into our customers' applications, and they get to control that entire footprint, that entire connectivity, all the way from their [ end ] location to wherever they want to do the computing on it, to wherever they want to distribute it via a software-defined network. They don't have to call us. We don't have to engineer a solution. They can just have their software, and the message to our software and the network configures the way that they want.
When you combine that with our Lumen hybrid cloud and the -- some of the orchestration services that we bring to customers, take connectivity to any major cloud service provider, the connectivity to any hyperscaler, we've got more connectivity, more connectedness than virtually anybody. And so our customers get to take advantage of that. And so ultimately, the advantage to the customer on the Lumen platform is that they get to acquire, analyze and act on their data better than any other platform and more uniquely because we're more connected, more capable and we give them better orchestration services across it.
Now we've also got great partners, partnering with VMware, partnering with SAP. We think those are great partners for us to continue to roll out these services, partnering with Zoom on our collaboration services. So we've got great partners that we bring their capabilities, and we've created this digital marketplace that the platform becomes for our customers to access the different types of technology that they need for their specific application.

Well, I'm biased. I don't think anybody is in a position to do what we do. There are certainly some people that have good fiber networks. There are certainly people that have great cloud capabilities. There are certainly a few people that have some orchestration capabilities. I don't think anybody can bring those things together in the way that we do. But we certainly have very good and strong competitors, but we just think we're unique and we think it'd be hard to replicate for others.

Well, it is the Lumen platform. It's the combination of all of these things, and it's the intersection with our customers' needs. With the Fourth Industrial Revolution, the need to process massive amounts of data with very low latency is really critical. And so we view our fiber infrastructure, this is another application of how we can utilize the fiber infrastructure to deliver that capability to the customers. The ubiquity of it and the density of it allows us to give that 5-millisecond performance, gives very low latency to our applications. The global nature of it allows us to carry that traffic to anywhere in the world. The connectivity of it allows us to carry it to any place in the world. So if you want to go to a particular cloud service provider, we can deliver it to that one. If you want to go to a different cloud service provider, we can deliver to the other one. And so the fiber network is the core foundational piece for the Lumen platform that sits on top of it and then all those other capabilities come in.
Now we continue to do things, Frank, that are intended to increase the value and the usefulness of the fiber network. If you look at our building ads, if you look at our fiber to the home expansions, those are about expanding the footprint. Last year, we talked about the use of the latest and newest technology and fiber capacity -- or excuse me, fiber technology that we were deploying, building the world's largest deployment of that type of technology. What we leverage there was our existing conduit infrastructure because we can build fiber at a very fast pace and at a low cost because of our conduit infrastructure. But we use that fiber for super high-scale capabilities, capabilities in delivering the world's Internet traffic but also connecting the hyperscalers and cloud service providers and great big software as a service companies, those types of things.

Sure. On the what do I expect out of Washington, are there any opportunities, I don't really have any particular expectations. I expect something out of Lumen. I expect us to follow a disciplined, financially driven, logical approach to what we serve and what we don't serve. And as Neel pointed out, we think we have lots of opportunities to put our money to work inside of our existing footprint and outside to some extent, but inside our existing footprint at better returns than some of the RDOF dollars even with the subsidies. And so we'll follow a very disciplined approach to whatever comes out of Washington. And we'll work within the footprints that we have to deliver the best service for our customers with the best digital interactions so that they can overcome the digital divide and have the best capabilities. And that's one of the things that we think we stand out on as more people work from home and educate from home, we think the symmetrical nature of our fiber footprint is a huge advantage for a consumer customer or a small business customer.
And then the second question, sorry, on the sales, the lengthening of the sales cycles. Is there anything different here? Probably not. But what we found is people aren't resolving what is this post-pandemic world look like yet because we're not in a post-pandemic world. We're still in the middle of it. And so I think that it's not terribly that much different, but we thought it would be getting better by this point. And so we see this lengthening of sales cycles as people are really trying to resolve what does it look like post COVID and how do we think that the world is going to run.
Now I'll tell you my opinion, which is we won't go back to the way the world was. And that work from anywhere with reasonable capacities in security and expanding the enterprise edge, not the cloud edge, not the Lumen edge, but expanding the edge of the enterprise to thousands and thousands of different locations is something that's going to create management challenges for customers and security challenges. Challenges for customers are actually good for Lumen because we can bring solutions to their capacity needs, their security needs, their orchestration needs and their control needs for how to manage these complex networks. And so while we feel -- we see this lengthening in cycles, long term, we think that the -- and I hate to say that the outcome of the pandemic is good. I don't mean that. The outcome of the way we will work after the pandemic is fairly good for Lumen.

Nick, and I'd say the same thing. There are pluses and minuses, probably more minuses than pluses. If you think about some of our international customers where their markets were particularly hit hard, it was a negative. If you think about some of the emergency capacity upgrades we did for people, that was a positive. Overall, more negative than positive, especially as it affected people's decisions to do something going forward: buy capacity, buy networks, buy solutions. So overall, I'd say it's a net negative.

And I'm going to answer your question slightly a different question than you asked. As I think about the optimism of our investments going forward, I'm very optimistic about our investments. We know what the outcome of the capabilities that people need to look like. Not always sure about the timing. We can miss on timing a little, but we know where the market is going and what the capabilities are. And so we're optimistic, and we're investing both in OpEx and in CapEx with that optimism driving our behavior.

Yes. And just to add on the fiber to the home question, James, you asked, is this new construction? Is it where you already operate? Is it overbuild? The answer is yes. It's all of the above, and I'll give you some examples. We build new homes all the time as a part of our -- as homes grow in a market, we focus on making sure that we're building into those subdivisions with fiber. It's a big part of our fiber expansion plan, making sure that when it's cheap to build and before homes get there, that we build the right infrastructure and to grow them. Is it in our footprint? Most of the fiber expansion is in our footprint, but not all of it. If you look at MDUs outside of our footprint, we think we have great fiber penetration in markets that we don't have consumer customers today. And so we go to those MDUs, though, and say we want to serve you in this market. And then we've actually partnered with some communities like Springfield, Missouri, where we went and overbuilt the 2 providers that were there in conjunction with the city to expand our capabilities.
So it's a little bit of all of the above. All of the above has one characteristic and that is -- maybe 2 characteristics, that we think we can drive revenue growth at a low cost of capital and a low OpEx to do it. And so we view every opportunity through that lens: how do we make sure that we use our capital efficiency -- efficiently and how do we make sure that we get the penetration that we want. Neel touched on that as an opportunity for us. We still have an opportunity to improve our penetration in our fiber markets. But it is a little bit of all of the above: new construction, overbuilds in existing areas and then some expansion outside our traditional footprint.

And while we're more than capable of focusing on 2 customer sets, at the same time, we've talked a lot on this call about fiber to the home and consumer. I don't want to lose sight of our investments that we're doing for enterprise. That's the vast majority of our investments in fiber and in the Lumen platform. Now we've got great benefits of the Lumen platform that we bring to consumer customers because of our digital interaction approach to working with them. We see it in our Net Promoter Score surveys. We've got great benefits that we're bringing to small business, mid-market business, enterprise business, IGAM. And we'll continue to leverage all of those investments to drive the trajectory of each of those groups to the best that we can. So thank you all -- go ahead.

Well, thank you all for the engagement and the questions. Before I conclude the call, let me summarize a few thoughts on 2021 and how you should think about our business. In the face of an uncertain environment last year, we made significant progress in evolving the company. We delivered for our customers, improved our revenue performance and continued to pay down debt and improved the balance sheet.
Following several years of work, we launched the Lumen platform and expect to drive long-term growth by meeting the changing needs of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. In 2021, we're fully focused on driving growth through expanding the reach and the capabilities of the Lumen platform, penetrating our existing fiber investments, leveraging our edge strategy and expanding the alliances that we're working on within the industry.
As always, we look at growing free cash flow per share as the guiding principle and believe we're doing the things we need to, to drive growth in long-term shareholder value through the growth in free cash flow per share. Thank you, all, for joining us today. I look forward to connecting with you at our upcoming Analyst Day. France, thank you very much. That concludes the call.