Thanks, Valerie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. CenturyLink closed the Level 3 acquisition about 18 months ago. Since then, we've been integrating and building a new CenturyLink by focusing on a few key objectives: improving our customer experience and delivering value to our customers; focusing our efforts on products and services that drive profitable revenue and are closely tied to our very best asset, the fiber network; expanding the fiber network to reach more customers and to grow our on-net footprint not just to enable today's services, but because a rich and deep fiber network is essential for the services we know our customers will need tomorrow; and investing in transforming our business, dramatically improving the way we operate and reducing our cost structure. 
Through these efforts, we've delivered another good quarter of adjusted EBITDA growth and margin expansion to start the year. Our first quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 40.1%, which represents a significant 460 basis point improvement since we closed the Level 3 acquisition. It's also the high mark since the fourth quarter of 2015, which was the last time CenturyLink reported adjusted EBITDA margin above 40%. And we expect margins to continue to expand. As I said before, we believe we have the best fiber assets in the industry, and we are continually investing in and expanding the network and our capabilities. This quarter was no exception. During the quarter, we connected nearly 4,500 new fiber-fed buildings to our network. We expanded our edge computing capacity and added significant incremental capacity to our existing inner-city network. Stop and think about that -- first that just for a minute. We added 4,500 new fiber-fed on-net buildings in a single quarter. We continue expanding the reach and capabilities of our network and have the ability to scale the network more efficiently than anybody else. We also enhanced our product and service capabilities in cloud management, hybrid networking, Dynamic Connections, security and other areas. 
Our transformation initiatives are well underway. And as you saw, we achieved $128 million of annualized run rate adjusted EBITDA cost savings this quarter. These savings came from a number of different projects. While there's still more to do, we continue to see very tangible results in our efforts, and they affect our cost structure and our customer and employee experience as well. 
We remain committed to our deleveraging objectives in the plan we announced on the fourth quarter call, expecting to reach our leverage target of 2.75 to 3.25x over the next 3 years. Finally, based on our solid progress in growing EBITDA and our view of the business over the next several quarters, we reiterated our confidence in the full year outlook we provided. 
As usual, Neel will update you on our detailed financial results for the quarter and then I'll provide an update on how we're viewing the market and the overall business. After that, we will open it up for your questions. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Neel.

Thank you, Neel. Neel provided the details, but in general, we're seeing strong demand in our business groups. Our customers' networking needs require them to transport more and more bandwidth, whether to public clouds or private data centers, and to connect their worldwide locations with varying requirements for bandwidth at each location. Our ability to meet their needs with our extensive product portfolio has been a differentiator. We can solve our customers' connectivity challenges big and small, local to global, managed or unmanaged. The array of solutions we provide gives us the ability to meet the particular challenges for each customer in each of their locations. 
After a slow start, our sales ramped steadily over the course of the first quarter. And in spite of things like the government shutdown and normal seasonality, sales were solid for the full quarter. I believe it's a direct result of our assets, our product capabilities and our focus on the Enterprise market. 
Starting with the global accounts management group within our international and GAM segment. We did see somewhat of offsetting trends this quarter with growth opportunities for global connectivity offset by rerates for several of the largest hyper sale -- hyperscale customers. As we have worked through the underwater contracts we intentionally terminated and have discussed previously, we're optimistic about the improving trajectory of this business. 
Turning to Enterprise. We've mentioned the effect of the government shutdown, but sales were strong within this segment. Not only have government sales ramped over the last couple of months but have also -- we've also gained traction in the strategic Enterprise portion of the channel. We expect revenue performance for IGAM and Enterprise to improve as we look to the second half of the year. 
For small and medium business, we're making improvements in how we go to market. We are collaborating more closely with our indirect channel and we have a focused and simplified our value proposition emphasizing fiber-fed buildings. It's still very early days and we have work ahead of us, but our strategy is not that difficult. If we have a building on our fiber network, we should have very effective solutions for small- and medium-size businesses in that building. We need to keep adding buildings and then focus on our penetration rates. From the very largest to the smallest companies we serve, I believe we are well positioned to meet their needs. 
Looking at Wholesale. As I've said for many years, our expectation is for the Wholesale business to decline over time. I don't see any steep cliffs coming, but this business can be very lumpy, and we often see large settlements in 1 quarter that won't recur in the next. That lumpiness makes year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter comparisons difficult. But wholesale is critical to our success by giving us scale and scope that we can leverage as we serve our Enterprise customers. In addition, we'll continue to partner with 5G providers as they begin rolling out their networks, pushing our fiber deeper and deeper into the network and closer and closer to our Enterprise and consumer customers. 
For the Consumer business, revenue declined as expected this quarter, primarily from voice but also video as we continue rolling off Prism customers. However, we did see broadband revenue growth and improved broadband subscriber metrics in the quarter sequentially and year-over-year. Our customer experience and profitability have benefited from many of our actions like eliminating unprofitable products such as Prism and stream; stopping unprofitable network expansions with bonding and vectoring technology that, even when completed, do not provide a competitive infrastructure; simplifying our products and pricing; expanding our fiber footprint in micro-targeting efforts; and increasing penetration where we already have fiber. We will continue to operate this business for long-term cash flow generation. That means we will continue investing where we can grow and expect growth where we invest. 
We're also investing in our CAF II footprint, both by adding homes within the CAF serving area and by targeting what we call halo neighborhoods in areas adjacent to CAF builds. We've done well with penetration rates in these locations. 
Regarding the recently announced rural digital opportunity fund, it's early but we look forward to bringing even more broadband to underserved areas. CenturyLink receives about 1/3 of the CAF II funding and we plan to be engaged as the rural digital opportunity fund develops. Our customers have benefited from CAF funding, and we expect the same under the new program. 
Turning to Slide 4 in our earnings presentation. I talked many times about our purpose-built multi-conduit infrastructure with technical facilities distributed across the country that allow us to own, operate and extend what I believe to be the world's greatest fiber network. Recent public and private announcements even further highlights the value of our fiber-based networks. As I mentioned last quarter, CenturyLink owns and operates nearly all of the major next generation long-haul fiber networks ever built in the U.S. We also own and operate incredibly rich and dense metro fiber networks with technical facilities distributed deep within the markets we serve. We have more than 150,000 on-net Enterprise buildings on our global network, which we are adding to every day. We connect to more than 2,200 public and private data centers and have connectivity to approximately 60 web scale data centers. We believe there is tremendous embedded value in these assets, a view that is validated by the multiples at which these types of assets have transacted. As the operator of these assets, CenturyLink is in a very unique position to take advantage of the technology, evolutions still ahead of our Enterprise customers. 
We talk a lot about legacy revenues. And yes, we were exceptionally good at selling and providing legacy services to our customers. But we're exceptionally good at leveraging our fiber networks and next generation capabilities to provide services our Enterprise customers need, the 100-gig waves and SD-WAN services of today through the dynamic bandwidth and low-latency edge computing world of tomorrow. Wherever our customers want to go in the digital world and however they want to get there, our global fiber network can take them. We are a purpose-built network for AI and big data world. We are a purpose-built network for the fourth Industrial Revolution. 
Our robust network and diverse product set are the key reasons why we've been growing our sales funnel. We regularly hear from customers that our scalable network uniquely positions CenturyLink to meet their needs from growth in bandwidth demand, cloud computing and hybrid networking. Clearly, we believe we have assembled an extremely valuable collection of fiber-based assets that are very capable of supporting future revenue growth and continued market share gains. Now at the same time we are intently focused on those growth opportunities, we also continue to evaluate our asset portfolio to assess whether there are better ways to create shareholder value. Generally speaking, in making these assessments, the more Enterprise focused, network related, fiber-based and growth-oriented a product line is, the more core it is to our future. 
As I briefly mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we've been open to looking at assets like our Consumer business. We have now engaged advisers to assist us in that review. Let me be clear. We're early in what I expect could be a lengthy and complex process. During our review, we will not modify our normal operations or our investment patterns. I can't predict the outcome or the timing of this work or if any transactions will come from it at all. Our focus though is value maximization for shareholders. If there are better paths to create more value with these assets, we will pursue them. But as you can see in our broadband results, our team is doing a very good job of growing where we invest, improving the customer spending experience and expanding the network profitability. We are well prepared to continue to operate these assets, investing in them where we can grow and investing and driving efficiencies both to improve the customer experience and expand operating margins. 
Stepping back and looking at the overall business, we are transforming how we operate. Product development and enhancements are a key part of our transformation initiatives. We made investments to better serve customers, operating in single or multi-cloud environments, investments in our SD-WAN and adaptive virtual services portfolio and our connected security capabilities. For example, we've expanded our hybrid networking capabilities, including new countries internationally. We've enabled virtual implementation within customer cloud environments with the largest public cloud providers; developed an offering optimized for our small business customers; continued to expand our Dynamic Connections capabilities, which enables our customers to turn capacity on and off on demand; rebranded and expanded our connected security offering to our Black Lotus Labs solution, adding threat-informed defense capabilities. 
We also made progress with our digital transformation initiatives this quarter. For example, following the launch of our federal customer portal, we were the first telecom company to be granted an authorization to operate on the federal government EIS program. We launched our consolidated inventory platform for federating the various inventory systems within CenturyLink. We integrated all our national network maintenance into a common customer notification tool, deployed a platform to automate fiber-based Internet asset -- access installations and completed new quote to order capabilities, making it simpler for our sales team. 
Not only are these initiatives having a positive impact on our customer and employee experience, but they're driving cost transformation as well. As Neel and I have both already noted in the first quarter alone, we achieved $128 million of annualized run rate adjusted EBITDA transformation savings. We have much more to come, and we are well on our way to our goal of $800 million to $1 billion over the next 3 years. 
With that, we'll open it up for questions. Operator, would you please explain the process?

It's early in the process, Phil. And I don't think that we have blocked out any alternative that makes sense, but it's really early in the process for us to go into too much detail about what that might look like. We are very open though to figuring out how to maximize value for our shareholders by looking at the business with kind of clear eyes, clean eyes.

And then it also includes -- all our cash areas usually will be lower speed in the 20 megabit range.

Sure. So let me take the strategic exploration question first. Again, it's early in the process and so I don't want to say this is the answer or that is the answer. Is it possible? And I'm going to interpret your question, Mike, to say the small business and the Consumer business in some market as a LEC business, is it possible for us to look at that as a LEC business and think about it as a collective? Sure it is. But it's early in the process. And I get the desire for everybody to say, well, what are the potential answers? But I'm not ready to say the potential answers because we want to go through the process and we want to evaluate what's the best way to create value for our shareholders and be open to any of those without [ precluding ] any before we even start. 
Neel, do you want to talk about segments?

And what gives us confidence that volume will outpace it is I talked about rerates from a couple of hyperscalers, which is exactly as Neel said. That's just the nature of this business. You grow to a certain scale. We give rerates associated with that scale as they get bigger and bigger. The vast majority of our customers, rerates are not that big of a driver for the vast majority of our customers. And we see the demand for the products and services we sell. There is nothing letting up about fiber-based services, about IP-based services, about MPLS and SD-WAN. And what we're actually seeing with respect to MPLS and SD-WAN is what I've been saying for the past year, which is they go together, that our SD-WAN customers are wanting to buy MPLS. And some very high percentage of those SD-WAN customers are buying 2 or 3 of our products at the same time. And so the demand for our services is continuing to grow. We do have rerates. We do have the transition from voice technologies and other things as customers move to voice over IP. But we're pretty confident in our ability to win the business.

For IGAM and Enterprise.

And we think we do really well in the Wholesale business. And I think we have a great team. I think we have great network, great assets. And yes, it declines over time, but that's the nature of it for the last 10 years at least. And we do pretty well in managing that decline.

Sure. So we'll consider the comment on how do we give you better visibility into the Consumer business. I do appreciate that you noticed that we're giving more disclosures at the same time that you said we're not giving enough.

It's all right, Dave. With respect to how I would look at kind of the sum of the parts, one of the messages I'd want you to hear today is that we have embedded within CenturyLink assets that have tremendous value that I don't think are being recognized today. And so as you look at some public transactions, some private transactions, other things that have gone on in the industry, I think you can look at CenturyLink and go, there's a bunch of assets within CenturyLink that we're not giving full credit to the value of those things over time. And part of our efforts in the Consumer business is to make sure that we're maximizing the value there. But it's also to make sure that we are continuing to focus on the Enterprise business, that fiber business, that fiber network and expanding all of those capabilities and the products and services that we sell to the market. With respect to the percentages, I'll let Neel...

So I'll -- welcome to the call, Mike. But I'll take the wholesale question first. We win Wholesale business day in and day out. I really don't care what any of our competitors do in the market because we have great assets, great products, great capabilities, an excellent team to execute and we're going to win the Wholesale business because we win the Wholesale business and people can go do other things. In the Enterprise business, it's a little bit harder because if we're trying to take customers from a big company and they can do a paper write-down and not really change anything, some customers can get by with that for a while. Ultimately, it doesn't work because customers need to evolve to new capacities and new technologies. But our wholesale customers, we don't even see that dynamic. And so from a wholesale perspective, we win pretty aggressively. With respect to the consumer and the dividend policy and all of that, our dividend cut that we announced on the fourth quarter call had to do with reinvesting in our network business, the size of our dividend that we were going to pay going forward to our -- to return value to shareholders and then paying down debt. We'll see if decisions around the Consumer business have some sort of impact on that. They have no impact on it right now whatsoever in any way. And I'm not predicting one way or the other because I don't even know, as I said, whether we'll do a transaction, what that transaction might look like, what the timing of it would be. We're early in this process, and we'll continue to look at it. But recognize that our dividend is important to our shareholders and we're still returning about $1 billion -- a little over $1 billion of dividend to shareholders today.

I think lumping them all together and categorizing them all the same may be doing them a disservice. In general, no. If you think about their businesses and what they're doing and their need for our types of products and services, we're seeing ever-increasing demand. If you think about our cloud application management product, that's us going to the Enterprise market to say we know multi-cloud environments are going to be very real for our Enterprise customers. How do we make it easier for you to operate in that environment? We have to have connectivity into the cloud providers to do that. We have to have connectivity into our customers to give them those capabilities. But we see the demand there from our Enterprise customers and the cloud providers and the hyperscalers. If you think about Dynamic Connections and the ability to scale bandwidth up and down and redirect it from one provider to another, those are continuing to grow for our Enterprise customers because the need is continuing to grow from the cloud providers. And so I don't see any underlying demand changes from the cloud providers. And I don't see any underlying demand changing from the enterprises that want to get to those cloud providers. Now as I say that, are there always times when somebody buys a CDN service and then buys a 100-gig wave and then buys [ start ] fiber? Yes, there's natural evolution to products within those. But I don't see any fundamental demand shifts.

No, I don't think we are reconsidering. I think that my approach has been let's make it run really well. And then after we get it running really well and after we have a clear outline to the path that we can even take it from there, then let's consider does it make more sense inside of CenturyLink or does it make more sense outside of CenturyLink? So I think we've made great progress in doing that. We have -- the great news for me is we have a lot of opportunities still left to improve, and I like that. I like the ability to continue to improve that business. But I think our team has done a phenomenal job, as you can see in our Price for Life initiatives that have multiple benefits. They make the customer experience easier. They take out cost because we don't have to deal with as many calls from customers. They make the customers happier because they don't see bill changes. They have multiple benefits from that. And by the way, it's direct driven ARPU. So we see those types of initiatives, thought that were a lot of things that we could do, thought it was better to fix them up front and then evaluate more effectively over time. And so I don't think there's any difference in strategy. There's nothing about our operating performance that's causing us to decide we want to sell it. In fact, our operating performance says, hey, you're doing a good job. Keep running it.

All right. I'll take the first 2 and then, Neel, I don't know if you want to answer on how successful, but I'll give you my opinions on both of these. Data center assets, would we sell data center assets? If we can maximize shareholder value by selling some of our data center assets, we will do that. Yes. If you look at our edge computing strategy, we think there's a great opportunity for us to get very close to the edge of the network, and I'm talking from a latency perspective, 5, 10 milliseconds from all of our customers and put edge computing facilities at those locations. Would we be interested in selling those? Probably not because we think there's such a great opportunity as the market for those needs evolve and that we have such a unique set of assets to do that. But if there are big data centers in the market where we think that somebody else can maximize the value better than we can, we'd be open to selling it. Just like we were when we sold the data center assets to Cyxtera. 
With respect to CAF II and how successful or how aggressively we will bid in the rural digital broadband opportunity fund, whatever it's called, I don't know. It's early. We'll see. If we've got great footprint and we can expand our footprint either through fiber or wireless solutions, which we've been looking at pretty aggressively for CAF, if we've got a great footprint and we think we can win and we can provide service to customers in an effective way, then yes, we will. But I don't know. It's still early in the process. With respect to my opinion on whether CAF II has been successful or not, I'd say yes. I'd say yes. I think it's successful for our customers. I think it's good for our company. It gives us the ability to augment capacities in ways that we wouldn't be able to afford to otherwise. We have obviously, again, using wireless technologies and more efficient technologies, looked at ways to get more for less and deliver more for our customers for less capital cost. But I do think it's been good for us and we've been successful in it.

But we do -- I mean our focus is building fiber, building fiber in places that it makes sense. And makes sense means [ aerial ] locations, high density. That's where our micro-targeting comes in and it's not across a market built fiber. It's very select where we can build, how we can expand. And then we get very aggressive in how we penetrate that footprint and we're seeing, as Neel said, in early efforts, we've seen some pretty good results there.

And we're also trying to figure out how do we take the needs of multiple customers and package them together. So for example, our 5G customers. How do we take 5G, package what we're building for 5G in with our Enterprise customers and adding new on-net building? How do we package that in with our consumer customers? And can we get fiber closer to our consumers, make it more effective? Multiple dwelling units especially come to mind and -- for consumer. And so how do we leverage all of those customer needs to build the infrastructure? And if that tells us to apply the gas, we will. 
Before we wrap up today, I'd like to just conclude with a couple of key points, a few key points. We've been focused on growing adjusted EBITDA and we delivered on that objective again this quarter. We reiterated our full year outlook for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow. We know declining revenues are always a concern, but we're expanding margins and increasing adjusted EBITDA dollars by focusing on profitable revenue and taking out unneeded costs. We've made considerable progress this quarter on our transformation initiatives and the associated cost savings. But know we have a lot more work and more opportunities ahead. We have a solid quarter of sales and a strong funnel. We're seeing signs of improvement in future revenue performance and expect a better second half of the year. As Neel mentioned, we've made good progress reducing debt since the close of the Level 3 transaction, and we remain committed to our deleveraging objectives. As we look at increasing shareholder value, we are looking at strategic options to determine the best way to create value with our asset portfolio. In the meantime, we're working diligently to operate the business in maximum efficiency and long-term return of free cash flow. And finally, before I conclude the call, I'll remind you that as always, our guiding principle is growing free cash flow per share. 
Thank you for joining today's call and for your continued support of CenturyLink. Operator, that concludes the call.