Thank you, Valerie, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. I am excited about the potential we see in the business to continue to grow free cash flow per share. We believe this is the most important value driver in our business, and we had a good quarter on that front. 
A few thoughts to highlight. Integration is going well, and we are ahead of plan for capturing synergies. We believe that our global network assets, robust product portfolio and our willingness to invest to meet our customers' needs enable CenturyLink to evolve as our customers evolve. In addition to the integration efforts associated with the acquisition of Level 3, we are also focused on transforming to more efficient operating models beyond the capture of synergies. Integration is about bringing the 2 companies together. Transformation is about enhancing our business for effectiveness, cost efficiency and customer experience to move us to where we want to be as a company. We're working to create a more digital experience across our customer base from our Consumer customers to our largest Business customers. I'll talk more about these transformation efforts a little later, but we're excited about what it can mean for our employees, our customers and our shareholders.
As a result of the progress we've made in the first half of 2018, we announced that we are increasing our outlook for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow for the full year 2018. On the call today, Sunit will provide an update on our detailed financial results and our updated full year outlook. I'll then provide an update on integration, transformation and the company in general. 
After that, we will open it up for your questions. Sunit?

Thank you, Sunit. I'll start with an update on integration. I won't go into the initiatives I've discussed in previous calls, but I'll share a few integration highlights from the last quarter to give you some examples of the ongoing progress we're making. One of the key steps for a successful integration is rationalizing and standardizing your products. Today, we have a detailed rationalization road map across our company's extensive product portfolio and are actively working to implement that road map. We've already launched the in-state version of several of our most important products. By combining the best of both companies' portfolios, we will end up with better products that neither of the previous companies would have had on their own, and our responsiveness to the market will be enhanced. And in areas such as cloud, SD-WAN and security, the more robust capabilities of the combined product portfolio enable us to compete for a broader set of opportunities. 
We've implemented a single standardized master contract for new sales, eliminating unnecessary time in the process. This has been well received by our customers and our sales team. If you've never negotiated a sales contract for technology services, this may seem like a small point. But it's an example of our efforts to streamline processes, cut costs and improve the customer experience across the company. We've implemented new automated service activation capabilities within our on-net building footprint to significantly reduce installation intervals, so we can sell and quickly install services for small to midsized businesses in those buildings, including, in certain locations, customer self-provisioning. 
Lastly, we continue to make progress moving customers from off-net to on-net. This progress takes a long time, but helps us win new sales, expands our network access margins and drives a much better customer experience. 
As I said earlier, integration is about bringing companies together. The transformation is about creating what we want the new company to be. We are continually evaluating how we change the experience of our customers and our employees. Previously, I've discussed our Consumer Price for Life initiative. That effort has been highly successful with around 40% of our broadband based on that pricing program. The better news is we've improved the customer experience. These Price for Life customers no longer have to worry about bills changing or promotional pricing rolling off. They're happier. It's simpler. And they call less about billing issues, which lowers our costs and streamlines our operations. We continually work to improve the customer experience across our business since higher customer satisfaction drives better sales and reduces churn. 
Our product decisions also feed into the transformation efforts. For example, our products assist business customers in their own transformation by better managing a hybrid multi-cloud environment. Our products are designed to streamline activation and reconfiguration and make it easier for customers to manage the ongoing transition to the cloud, giving customers better control of their cloud environment. We have a long way to go, but transforming CenturyLink will position us well to compete in the market, improve adjusted EBITDA and drive free cash flow per share. 
As I noted at the beginning of the call and as I've said many times before, I firmly believe that growing free cash flow per share is a key driver to increasing shareholder value. At CenturyLink, we've delivered that cash flow growth by driving a great customer experience, growing profitable revenue and investing our capital to drive growth and to reduce the cost to operate our business. 
I've spoken about profitable revenue for a long time. We do not focus, however, on empty calorie revenue, that is, contracts or services with very low or no margin. As a result, you will see us continually evaluating our existing business and moving away from unprofitable revenue. Consistent with this approach, last quarter, we noted we were discontinuing our linear and over-the-top consumer video products. This quarter, Sunit mentioned a couple of larger contracts we are exiting, given the profitability profile of that business. Clearly, those affect the top line of our business. But our focus is to align our time, our capital and our resources to our more highly profitable opportunities. 
While a large part of our adjusted EBITDA growth story this year is a result of synergy attainment, focusing on profitable higher-margin revenue is another lever to effectively align our sales team, improve adjusted EBITDA and grow free cash flow. As I mentioned earlier, the capabilities of our product portfolio are opening opportunities for us. More than either CenturyLink or Level 3 standalone, the combined CenturyLink is a participant in virtually every large deal in the U.S. wireline enterprise market and a serious provider globally. These deals often have a longer sales cycle, but our overall opportunity is growing. 
We also expect to grow our share of wallet with these customers that both companies served prior to the acquisition. We find that customers want a single provider to manage their complex communications needs and appreciate how focused we are on their business. For example, General Mills, the American multinational manufacturer and marketer of branded foods sold to retail stores with brands such as Cheerios, Wheaties, Betty Crocker and Häagen-Dazs, to name a few, was historically a customer of both CenturyLink and Level 3, though neither company had the primary provider status. In June, as a combined company, we won the primary provider status via a competitive RFP for General Mills' 120-site global MPLS network, displacing the longtime incumbent carrier. Our combined global assets, dedicated focus and strong customer support model were key factors in the selection. We'll have to see with this particular customer, but in general, being the MPLS core within Enterprise will also position us well to provide their backbone needs such as waves and fiber solutions, their SD-WAN needs and other capabilities. We find that customers want an integrated network solution, and we have a product portfolio able to meet those needs. 
In general, our approach to the business is to focus on selling where we have great network assets, invest to expand our already extensive fiber and IT footprints, simplify and automate to enable and enhance customer experience and augment our services where we think we have a sustainable competitive advantage. 
SD-WAN is an example of augmenting our services. Our existing network with millions of customers circuits, a global fiber footprint and an extraordinary IP backbone already delivers connections to the world's most important cloud, data center and Software as a Service providers. The expansion of new services like SD-WAN and embedded security enables us to create competitive advantages in Enterprise networking with the scale and scope few others can match. We believe the CenturyLink of today is very different than the CenturyLink of the past. We are not a small, rural local exchange carrier. We are not even a large local exchange carrier. We are a global technology company, solving our customers' ever-increasing need for scalable bandwidth and easy-to-operate communications infrastructures. We provide a bandwidth platform necessary to fuel our customers' growth and leverage their own digital transformations. 
Before we open the call up for questions, I wanted to take a moment to discuss our Consumer business. Adjusting for revenue recognition, you can see from our results that overall revenue declines have been moderating. Part of that is due to the success we've seen from our Price for Life program, which has helped to increase ARPU, reduce churn and improve the customer experience. More generally, we are assessing where we believe we can generate good returns for the company, looking at micro- targeting initiatives, how we go to market and how we redefine the customer experience. Maxine Moreau and her Consumer team are doing an excellent job. 
Given the higher satisfaction and lower churn we see with higher speeds, we'll look to extend our fiber footprint in areas where it makes sense. We have the benefit of being able to spread our fiber investments across our entire customer set from consumers to our global accounts. We also have the benefit of spreading our fiber investments to take advantage of things like the coming IoT revolution and the evolution of technologies like 5G small cells. In rural areas, we will continue investing through programs like CAF II and investigating how we can use a hybrid fiber wireless network to deliver services. Across all of our investments, we will remain disciplined in how we approach the opportunities with a focus on enhancing the employee and customer experience and expanding our footprint and delivering innovative products to the market. 
In summary, we're pleased with the integration of Level 3. We're focused on driving profitable growth, continuing to capture synergies and taking advantage of the cost and customer experience transformation opportunities we see. We will continue investing in the business to drive future growth and free cash flow per share. 
With that, operator, will you explain the process for asking questions?

Well, with respect to the product portfolio, first, we think we have a very effective product portfolio. We have -- our customers have networking challenges. They want to connect a variety of different locations with a variety of -- for a variety of different needs. And whether it's dark fiber between 2 closely located data centers or waves between 2 remotely located data centers or MPLS in their core or SD-WAN on the edge or providing connected security to tie all that together, managed services, we think our product portfolio is very comprehensive and actually meets the needs of our customers. We focus less on what our competitors are doing and more on what are the needs of our customers. Now with respect to pricing, we've never really complained about pricing one way or the other. It is what it is in the market, and we focus on making sure we're meeting our customers' needs and being competitive there.

And as we think about those customers, we're going to continue to invest where it makes sense for us to do that. And so we're looking at multi-dwelling units and high-density areas and places where we have an advantage to build out fiber infrastructure aerial areas, and we'll continue to look at that. We also have to do a good job, though, in selling once we've activated those areas. We have a fairly significant portion of our network that is enabled at 100 meg or higher, and we need to do a good job of selling that. But we will continue to invest in it. We'll invest in it smartly where we think we can get good returns on it.

Yes, and we do like the mix of our product portfolio and think it fits well in the market with where our customers are going. Hybrid IT and hybrid networking are real things that are coming. The more we make our network flexible, controllable, visible to our customers, the better off we are. And so we think we have a pretty good position there.

And on these calls, Nick, sometime we talk about legacy this or legacy that. But internally, we don't think about any of these as legacy Level 3 or Legacy CenturyLink. It's all CenturyLink going forward. And so we don't really focus on how do we break those things out.

Yes. So I don't think that the pace at which we captured synergies led to churn on tw telecom. I think our focus led to churn on tw telecom. When we acquired them, they had a large small customer base that wasn't something that Level 3 particularly focused on. And so we took a large effort to move upmarket, and as a result, took our eye off some of those smaller customers a little more than we should have. In this integration, we have Vernon Irvin and an entire team and let's call [ gems ], that is our small and medium business customer group, that are focused on driving that penetration and the success with those customers. And we have a multipronged approach, everything from direct sales people that hit the street and go talk in multiple tenant buildings or people on call centers that do outbound calls, inbound calls. We have a very strong focus in Vernon's team on that low end of the customer base. And I think CenturyLink -- contradicting my last statement, the Legacy CenturyLink has an expertise there that the legacy Level 3 didn't have.

So Nick, I don't think -- or excuse me, David (sic) [ Nick ], I don't think we did as good a job as we could have. But it wasn't because of the pace, we think. I'm sorry, Nick, yes.

And we're highlighting that we're a little bit below that right now. But that's come from some good things that we've found, capital synergies and other things that we think we can do a better job, better management of the capital expenditures. But in the second half of the year, we think it's going to increase, and that the full guidance for 16% is still the full guidance.

It's not a very clever strategy. It's let’s spend money where we can get a return on our investment, and there are different places that makes sense. We'll continue to look at how do we get more network for the same dollars, can we get capital efficiencies and synergies out of designing better networks, can we focus on areas with aerial plant versus underground plant, can we focus on areas that are closer to the central office and further than the central office. It's certainly a work in progress. But the answer is driven by the same things. Can we make money? Is it a smart decision for how we invest in providing those services?

And we are looking -- I mentioned it in my earlier comments that we are definitely looking at how do we transform our business. And in particular for our Consumer customers, how do we transform the digital experience that they have. There are a bunch of them. A little bit of savings from each of them adds up. And so we look at that just because of the volume of activity and say, this is an important thing for us to continue to focus on. We look across the company, how do we improve their digital experience with us. But the Consumer business is part of that, and we'll continue to invest capital to simplify that business for the customers.

Yes. if you move upstream from the taxes, upstream to the demand generators for our products and services, we don't see any change in any of that. Bandwidth is increasing. It's going to accelerate at the increase over the coming years. It's not going to decelerate. It's not going to hold flat. It's going to continue to accelerate. The number of locations with -- that traffic is coming from, whether they're enterprise locations or IoT devices within those enterprises, the number of locations that traffic is coming from is going to continue to increase. The complexity that CIOs are dealing with is going to continue to increase as they look at hybrid IT and hybrid cloud, multi-cloud environments, how are they going to manage all their loads across all these clouds. The need for flexible bandwidth, for flexibility and control and visibility into that bandwidth, is going to increase. The need to secure it with embedded or connected security is going to increase. So as you look upstream from the tax code, all of the drivers of our business are continuing to be drivers. Now will over time the tax benefits encourage people to spend more? We hope so, but they're going to spend regardless and continuing to upgrade their capabilities to match the changing environment and their changing need.

I've said this for so long, a lot of you are probably tired of hearing about it. But I believe our ability to win is based on our execution. It's not our competitors; it's not any other things. But we just have to execute better. So no, I don't really see a difference that much in the competitive landscape from 1 quarter to the next. Some competitor may emphasize one thing more than they did the previous quarter, emphasize one channel more than they did the previous quarter. But our ability to win is based on our ability to execute. We have to have the right products over the right network, targeting the right customers with the right value proposition. And as Sunit said, we saw sales pick up first quarter to fourth quarter and second quarter to first quarter. So we think that the products and services and capabilities are resonating well. Now we have to continue to install and we have to continue to do a great job at service assurance and reliability. But it's up to us, I think.

Sure. I'll answer the first one and then let Sunit answer the second one. I'm not going to size what the synergies are or the cost savings are that come from transformation. I'll tell you the benefits of it, and I'll talk about the time line a little bit. Now the first thing that we did as a result of transforming our business is to simplify employee experience. They can do a better job for our customers if we simplify their environments. It's not about bringing the 2 companies together. It's about changing the work that they do and making it easier for them to do it. If we do that, then we drive a better customer experience. And when we drive a better -- we drive cost out and we drive a better customer experience along with the better employee experience. When we drive a better customer experience -- we see this time and time again across every business unit. If we drive a good customer experience, we reduce churn and we sell more. And those things are the primary benefits of it. Now this is not a short-term thing. Is it transformational? I mean, I wouldn't use that word if I didn't think it was big and impactful and really changed our business. It's not a little step around the edges. We have to transform our business, be very aggressive about it, but it does take a long time. But it's also one of those things that we have to do concurrently. It's not, we're going to wait until we're done with synergies and integration, and then we're going to start on transformation. We have to define what we want to be right now, and we have to start moving toward that right now. And without kind of really kind of bounding the scope of it, we do think that it creates a very good path forward for us as we look out at our business over the next 4 to 5 years.

And Brett, on the hybrid fiber wireless side stuff, I mean you're seeing that we are working in the rural markets to look at different technologies to build broadband services to rural customers more efficiently and effectively under a CAF program. We'll continue to do that. If you look at unlicensed spectrum in the rural, it's not as much of a problem as unlicensed spectrum in an urban market. And so there's different things that we are looking at. I don't see us going out and being a major buyer of spectrum in wireless, but we're open to how do we best serve our customers and what things make sense. In the densities of an urban market, direct fiber is not a bad thing, and so we'll continue to look at all of those. We'll look at how are we going to serve the 5G carriers and how do we lay that fiber in such a way that we benefit our consumers, our small and medium business, our large business customers, our federal government customers, our state government customers. We get the benefit of looking across that whole customer set and saying we're going to invest in the infrastructure to support all of them. And so we'll continue to do those things, but I don't see us going out and buying and being a major player in some spectrum auction. 
I think that's the last question. So I'd like to close the call with a recap of a few thoughts. We are focused on profitable revenue growth and believe we have a strong market position. We're confident in our ability to effectively integrate Level 3 and capture the synergies we previously announced. In parallel, we're investing in transforming our company to continually enhance the customer experience, simplify the operating environment, improve our effectiveness, improve our cost efficiency. We have a disciplined approach to managing the business and are looking at many opportunities across the company. And as you can see from our raising our guidance, all of these efforts are part of our objective to grow adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow per share. 
Thank you for joining today's call and for your support of CenturyLink. Operator, that concludes the call.