Thanks, Valerie, and thank you to everyone joining us today for our first earnings call as Lumen. On today's call, I'll take a few minutes to touch on the third quarter highlights and then go into the launch of Lumen and the opportunities we see ahead. After that, Neel will review our third quarter financial results, and then we will open up the call for your questions.
We delivered another solid quarter, improving our year-over-year revenue performance and delivering sequential EBITDA as we continue to transform our business. Customers rely on Lumen to enable their digital transformation, and we're seeing that in our sales trends. Following a strong second quarter, sales for IGAM and Enterprise segments were good, and sales for SMB customers were in line with our expectations. We're encouraged by the steady demand we see, but expect sales cycles will continue to be affected by the uncertain environment particularly for SMB customers.
We delivered another strong quarter for consumer broadband revenue with both year-over-year and sequential revenue growth and recorded our 11th consecutive quarter of growth in broadband ARPU. This quarter, we added 46,000 gigabit subscribers, surpassing the record we set last quarter. Our results confirm our thesis for the Consumer business. We win customers where we invest in fiber, simplify the experience and use micro-targeting in selecting the areas we serve. We believe our consumer fiber offering is the best in the market, and our customer satisfaction results are showing consumers value dedicated and reliable bandwidth.
As you've heard me say many times, our operational improvements lead to highly satisfied customers, more durable revenue and they allow us to reduce the cost of our operations. Our relentless focus in these areas is delivering results you can see in 2 ways this quarter. First, despite higher seasonal expenses, we delivered sequential adjusted EBITDA growth. Second, we were recently recognized by Newsweek on their 2021 list of Top Customer Service Brands, scoring the highest of all named Internet service providers. We've made a lot of progress and see additional opportunities to improve.
Overall, I am pleased with our results this quarter. We are focused on improving top line revenue and driving EBITDA growth. We also remain committed to the capital allocation strategy summarized on Slide 4 and the leverage targets we set at the beginning of last year.
Our first priority is to invest in the business, driving growth, transforming our customer experience and improving our operating costs. Our second objective is to reduce leverage, and we further strengthened the balance sheet this quarter through several capital market transactions, continuing to reduce both leverage and interest expense. Finally, we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders through our dividend and are very comfortable with a dividend payout ratio in the 30s, one of the lowest payout ratios compared to our large peers.
We believe the balance we achieved through this 3-pronged capital allocation has served us well through the COVID pandemic and the uncertainty in the economy, giving us ample liquidity to continue to invest for growth, reduce debt and return capital through our dividend. Within the company, our mostly work-from-home team continues to excel as a distributed workforce. We have maintained small dedicated teams to drive speed and collaboration on our key product and operational initiatives and continue to use data-oriented technologies to operate at the highest levels in service delivery and service assurance. In fact, we've been using this time and our own experience to understand and develop solutions for the fourth Industrial Revolution and a work-from-anywhere mindset.
Turning to the launch of Lumen. A couple years ago, we challenged ourselves to chart a bold vision for what kind of company we wanted to be. During that effort, it became obvious that the company was firmly in a position to successfully help our customers acquire, analyze and act on their data. Lumen does this through the use of applications securely delivered across a hybrid cloud, from massive data centers all the way to the edge. In that moment, Lumen was born with the goal of delivering the fastest, most secure platform for next-gen applications and data.
In September, we rebranded to Lumen Technologies to introduce this new vision to the market. Lumen is more than just a new name and logo. In a world that is rapidly changing, it signals a new era for our company where we combine an all-digital delivery model, software-defined networking and one of the very best fiber and network infrastructures into a platform of capabilities designed to drive our customers' success.
Although we've been in a rapidly changing industry for the past 30 years, with the advent of the fourth Industrial Revolution, the pace of change is accelerating. And I believe Lumen is uniquely positioned to enable and benefit from this rapid change. The Lumen platform, grounded on a broad, fiber-based foundation and delivering virtualized network, cloud, security and voice services, continues to be essential to customers as we see them augment their capabilities to support new work environments and emerging technologies.
Lumen's capabilities lie at the heart of enabling that demand. And as you can see on the Slide 5, the Lumen platform is designed to bring together all of our assets, IP, services and expertise to deliver the world-class experience customers expect from Lumen. We give our customers access to cloud edge facilities, hosting critical applications within 5 milliseconds of digital transactions, enabling IoT and other next-gen use cases; software-defined networks that can create new connections around the world in seconds; network-based threat intelligence that protects our customers' data and proactively stops malicious factors; and massive network infrastructure with long-haul fiber and IP networks, providing connectivity to private data centers, public data centers, cloud service providers, 5G operators and the array of global networks serving end users.
As amazing as our capabilities are today, we continue to invest to ensure our platform offers the fastest, most capable and resilient fiber-based services to support our customers' application and data needs. This approach enables us to deliver a continually improving platform that will help improve our revenue trajectory and take advantage of the growing addressable markets for these services.
I'm also very pleased with the pace at which we are simplifying and digitizing the way businesses purchase and consume their networking, cloud edge and security solutions from us. We are driving a digital-first culture that allows our customers to configure, order and rapidly deploy our services through an all-digital, self-service set of tools. We are certainly known for our fiber infrastructure, but over that infrastructure, we deliver digital services like Lumen Hyper WAN, Lumen Dynamic Connections, Lumen DDoS mitigation, that are completely transforming how we serve our customers, allowing them to consume our platform services in ways that are flexible and easy.
Beyond enabling fast, secure connections and simplifying our customer experience, Lumen is also enabling partners to use our platform to deliver best-of-breed capabilities while also speeding our time to market. As an example is our partnership with Zoom. With the COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen an explosion in demand for Internet-based collaboration services. Zoom is a market leader in this space as well as a longtime valued customer of Lumen. We are delighted our platform supports the amazing services they provide. In late September, we announced a new partnership to incorporate Zoom into Lumen's portfolio of voice and collaboration services and are excited by the early commercial traction we've already seen. Long term, we think we can develop enhanced customer experiences by further integrating Zoom's technology with the rich capabilities and deep reach of the Lumen platform.
The second example is the partnership we announced with VMware, a significant collaboration covering edge compute, networking and security. Utilizing the VMware SD-WAN by VeloCloud solution and the recently announced VMware secure access service edge platform, we have the ability to integrate VMware services to deliver a work-from-anywhere platform on our global edge infrastructure to create solutions for businesses of all sizes across a variety of industries.
As I've mentioned, customers need to move processing capabilities from remote data centers or the core of the cloud to the very edge of the network, close to where the data is generated. Whether providing bare metal as a service or full-blown edge computing resources, the cloud edge and network as a service capabilities of the Lumen platform are integrated into a single experience for the customer and deliver low latency connectivity to more than 95% of the U.S. enterprises within 5 milliseconds.  The edge computing market is forecasted to be anywhere from $10 billion to $40 billion over the next several years, and we are very focused on leveraging our widely distributed fiber and edge data facilities to aggressively pursue this opportunity.
I'm pleased to say that we're already making great progress on our cloud edge plans. We just turned up the first block of cloud edge nodes, and subsequent blocks are well underway. Even before we officially launched the product, a major media company began using our cloud edge platform to deliver live sporting events, and it is providing them exactly the capabilities and performance they hoped.
A very different type of enterprise customer already deploying on the Lumen cloud edge is CyberReef. CyberReef provides remote learning solutions for public school systems, and the COVID pandemic is driving tremendous growth for their services. CyberReef's Kids Internet Defense Shield required highly distributed compute resources combined with high-capacity network connections and deeply tiered Internet infrastructure, placing their security tools close to the school systems they support. In other words, Lumen's cloud edge platform and the Lumen network were a perfect fit for this customer and a great example of how high-performance networking combined with distributed compute can deliver next-generation services.
Lastly, in the quarter, we turned out our Lumen cloud edge experience center in Denver where customers, partners and vendors can remotely deploy edge compute technologies on our platform and test them with live networking under real-life conditions. Within a couple of days of the launch of the experience center, a major cloud service provider loaded their cloud extension software to begin testing, and we are working with other partners and customers to begin testing their applications as well. As a result and in partnership with multiple cloud service providers, software as a service providers and other key partners, we expect to deliver capabilities like artificial intelligence, machine learning and distributed analytics for enterprises over the Lumen platform.
As you can see on Slide 6, while Lumen is the name of our company and our flagship brand for serving enterprise and wholesale markets, we also launched Quantum Fiber. Quantum Fiber is our brand for serving fiber-based services to small business and consumer customers. And just as with Lumen enterprise customers, we're offering our Quantum customers a simplified, highly digital customer experience with expanded tools for managing the Quantum platform with mass market efficiency.
As we continue deploying Quantum Fiber services to the small business segment, we intend to utilize our more than 170,000 on-net, fiber-fed buildings as a starting point, targeting small businesses in tens of thousands of existing buildings. We know that bandwidth is critical for these customers, and our simple, resilient, all-digital Quantum services are well positioned to meet those needs. While Lumen's primary focus is enterprise, we have a dedicated leadership team whose sole focus is to leverage our Quantum investments to grow the consumer and small business markets.
Finally, the CenturyLink brand will remain in place for our consumer and small business customers who receive traditional services over traditional hybrid fiber copper networks.
As a quick recap, Lumen is more than just a new name. We are more excited than ever about the opportunity in front of us and the work we've done over the past 2.5 years to capture that opportunity and to launch Lumen. As our customers embrace the fourth Industrial Revolution, the Lumen platform delivers adaptive, secure and resilient capabilities over one of the world's best fiber infrastructures. We are focused on enabling our customers' success and integrating those capabilities within their own operating environment. We are very excited about the future.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Neel. Neel?

Yes. And I'll just add, if you think about our approach to partnering and our approach to the platform, it's an important capability for us to have on the Lumen platform. And so we're working with them. But it's not something that we've just started over the last couple of months. Zoom has been a great partner to us. We've been a good provider to them, I hope, over the past few years. So we've got a very good, deep relationship and think they do an amazing job for their customers. And we're happy to have the ability to add those capabilities to our platform as we go directly to enterprises with a variety of services.

And I think that's a comment certainly that applies to Europe and Lat Am, but really our overall business. There's near-term uncertainty associated with the economy and with COVID and all of those things. But the fundamental drivers of our business, our customers' need to acquire, analyze and act on data, we don't see that changing. So as we couple the Lumen platform with one of the world's best fiber infrastructures, we think those capabilities are very relevant going forward, very important to our customers. And this near-term uncertainty, we'll get passed.

Well, we're investing through this. One of the things that we're very pleased about is, is that as a result of some of the decisions we've made over the last couple of years, we're in a great position to keep investing. So if you look at our cloud edge strategy, we're deeply investing that. Neel referenced in one of his answers a minute ago that we're investing in people. We have hundreds of people dedicated to cloud edge to make sure that we have the right capabilities in place for our customers. So we're investing through this cycle, looking at how to continue to grow the business.
And again, we see the Lumen platform as exactly what our customers are needing to help them usher in the fourth Industrial Revolution, but really deal with the quantity and the amount and the distribution of data. We know that they want the advantages of being able to have compute resources within a few milliseconds of where that data is created, and so our edge compute capabilities. But we also know that they want to be able to transport that data to any cloud service provider, any software as a service provider.
And that's where our Dynamic Connections, which is essentially a network as a service product, but our Dynamic Connections helps them. And so from a going-forward perspective, we think that the products, the capabilities that we're layering on top of the great fiber and network infrastructure that we have in place today really position us to grow revenue, and we'll continue to focus on that.

Sure. First of all, I don't want any of my comments around SMB to be interpreted as ominous. So if I said something that sound ominous, I didn't mean that. Let me tell you what I did mean, which is we're not seeing massive churn pickup in SMB. We're seeing that the infrastructure we provide is absolutely critical to keep them in business and to support their businesses, but we're not seeing a lot of sales activity either. If you look at our plan to grow Quantum Fiber outside the legacy CenturyLink footprint and brand-new buildings, we're going to have to wait for some of those customers to get back in the buildings before selling new services to them.
So there's nothing ominous going on, but we do think it creates uncertainty in the near term for them from a sales cycle. And we're very pleased with the churn level that we're seeing and our activities to support those businesses. And we're being cognizant of the fact that they're going through a hard time, but nothing more than that. Neel, before I go to the cherry-picking, do you want to add?

And with respect to cherry-picking, I don't -- I wouldn't describe what we're doing as cherry-picking. We're looking at where we can get the greatest return on our investments and the fastest return on our investments to drive penetration. And so that -- it's a smart strategy for building out rather than just going out and building out an entire footprint. Let's look at what makes sense for our business to help us prioritize how to grow and where to grow that investment. And so I don't view it as cherry-picking.
On the small business side, we have 170,000 buildings that are lit in our footprint. I definitely want to go to every one of those buildings and focus on our business customers in those buildings. And so we'll take advantage of where our network is strong and where we can make it even stronger to support those types of customers. And we have plenty of market opportunity to do that. There's not a limitation right now on us on where to go and build for our Quantum Fiber business, whether it's consumer or business customers.

We're always open to whatever makes sense for our business. I won't make any comments on a particular piece or not. But yes, we're open to it. We continue to look at it. We think we have great assets. We think that we have the ability to invest to grow these assets, whether it's on the consumer side or on the enterprise side. And so we're going to continue to do that. If something -- if some other structure at some point makes sense, we'll look at that, too.

Sure. First of all, from -- this is third-party stuff, so you can take it however you take third parties. It's estimated -- it's a broad range, but it's estimated to be somewhere between $10 billion and $40 billion worth of opportunity over the coming years. So we think it's big. What it means, though, is we've centralized computing for a very long time; moved it into the cloud, which centralizes it even more; moved it away from where that data is actually acquired. And what we see from enterprise customers is they need to move that compute resource back closer to where that data is acquired so that they can analyze and act on it faster without having to transport it around and move it around.
And so I look at edge and think it gives the benefit of on-premise computing. We're very close -- we can serve 95% of the U.S. enterprises within 5 milliseconds of delay. So we're very close to where that data is actually created and where it needs to be analyzed. So it gives the benefit of on-premise computing with also the benefits of cloud computing because we can move it into a cloud environment. They don't have to have their own data center. We can do it virtually. We can do it on physical machines. We can do -- we can provide their compute resources in a variety of ways.
And so if you look at the presentation on Slide 4, we can orchestrate for our customers and help them control their applications and operate their applications very close to where the data is created in a very efficient and effective way. So that's what edge really means, and our Lumen platform is focused on that. But our Lumen platform is focused on providing those capabilities, whether it's in an edge or in the network itself.
So if you think about Dynamic Connections, Dynamic Connections is that network as a service capability that I mentioned. If you're an edge compute customer and you want to redirect your compute resources from one data center to another or one cloud provider to another, you can use that. If you're not an edge compute customer but you're using other capabilities of Lumen, you can use that same capability to control your network in a very seamless, very effective way.

Sure. Let me take the first question. Neel, you might want to comment on the second one. From product and partnership, we are continually developing the capabilities of the Lumen platform, making sure that we are bringing best-of-breed partners to the table. I mentioned Zoom in the prepared remarks, but I also mentioned VMware and VeloCloud and our capabilities that we're delivering with them. So we will continue to partner with companies that we think bring kind of a dual advantage to Lumen. One, they utilize our services. But secondly, we can drive network capacity and success in the network business from them selling through the Lumen platform. But then also, we can provide those same capabilities to our customers and productize those capabilities with our customers.
I am not ready to announce other partnerships, but that's a key part of our strategy is to go out and build relationships with companies and partners that are doing these things. And I expect us to be able to offer artificial intelligence and augmented reality and various capabilities on the Lumen platform through partnerships and relationships with other companies.

And actually, if you look back, I remember sitting on calls with you guys and ladies back then and answering the question that it creates near-term choppiness and near-term uncertainty, but there's no change in the demand for our products and services. That's how it worked out last time. That's how I expect it to work out this time, not because it worked out that way last time, but because we see the same dynamic. We see the same experience from our customers.

Yes. Without getting into specific TAMs, it's a strategy in footprint and out of footprint, where we have the ability to win and where we have the ability to build infrastructure. So if you think out of footprint for consumer, MDUs are natural for us. We've done some work with cities that are outside our footprint to grow networks with them. And so it will be opportunistic from a consumer basis outside of our legacy LEC footprint and then obviously, inside our legacy LEC footprint.
If you look at Quantum from a business -- small business perspective, that's both. That's looking in the legacy LEC networks and the customers that we serve there, and it's looking at the -- all the buildings that we have that are let and could be let to provide services to those customers. So it's a little bit a mixed bag between the 2.
All right. Thanks for the last question. And thank you, everyone, for your questions actually. And before we conclude the call today, I'll summarize with a few thoughts about the future of Lumen.
First of all, we believe the Lumen platform, riding on our deep and extensive fiber infrastructure, positions us really well to help our customers navigate the fourth Industrial Revolution. We are investing in growing addressable markets that we believe will improve our revenue trajectory over time. Our capital allocation strategy continues to strengthen our balance sheet, reduce our interest expense and is aligned with our guiding principle to grow free cash flow per share. Our strong liquidity position enables us to invest through this cycle. And through all of this activity, our dividend remains in a very comfortable position with a payout ratio in the 30s.
I appreciate everybody joining the call today, and thank you for your interest in Lumen. Operator, that concludes the call.