Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. I'm going to take a few minutes at the outset to share my perspective on the quarter and some of the key value drivers I see, not only in our business, but also with respect to our capital allocation and inorganic strategies. After that, I'll ask Neel to walk you through the details of the quarter and key drivers for the remainder of 2021. Then, we'll open it up to your questions.
Before diving into our results for the quarter, I want to discuss a few points coming out of our Investor Day in April. I hope those of you who were able to join us gained a better understanding of the markets, products and services, we believe, will drive our future growth as well as a sense of our conviction that we have the right assets, people, investment plans and execution strategies to grow both revenue and shareholder value over time.
The path we reviewed during our Analyst Day is pretty straightforward. We are combining one of the world's best fiber infrastructures, our deep global interconnections to IGAM networks and our increasingly robust Lumen platform to build the infrastructure necessary to support a full range of 4th Industrial Revolution applications and use cases, including artificial intelligence, machine learning, augmented reality, IoT and unified communications.
As of today, more than 85% of U.S. enterprises are within 5 milliseconds latency of our edge cloud facilities. We are well on our way to reach our end of the year goal of 95% of U.S. enterprises. Our fiber-enabled edge infrastructure, together with our embedded security capabilities and adaptive networking services, allows Lumen to deliver a differentiated solution set for expanding market opportunities. We're excited about the growing market for these services and our ability to meet those demand.
For those who were unable to join our Investor Day, I invite you to go to our website to review the information we shared.
I'm personally bullish on our approach. It leverages our greatest, most unique asset, one of the world's largest and most powerful fiber-based networks, to drive growth in both core fiber-based network services as well as adjacent services such as security and edge computing that are greatly enhanced by our fiber network. The demand for these services is growing, and we're investing into and are well positioned to grow with that market. I believe it is a compelling thesis.
At the same time, I understand our business needs to deliver top line revenue improvement today. While we delivered strong EBITDA and free cash flow in the first quarter, the revenue results don't yet meet our expectation. Neel will go into details, but I want you to hear directly from me that we are not satisfied and are focused on growth.
As we've mentioned on previous calls, COVID-related lengthening in sales cycles across both public and business sectors continues to create near-term revenue uncertainty. For example, public sector sales at the end of 4Q '20 and the first couple of months of 1Q '21 were light. We are market share takers in the public sector, and government slowdowns have created fewer opportunities to win new awards. This especially affects the onetime revenue we often see at the beginning of new contracts, which typically includes professional services, equipment sales and installation charges.
Similarly, the state, local and education customers have naturally focused all of their resources on COVID response. We believe the pause in these factors will prove to be simply one of timing. While we all began to learn about COVID in the first quarter of 2020, the nature of our business and sales cycles makes the effect of COVID more of a 2021 event for us. As we see the U.S. beginning to come out of the pandemic, we expect to see improvement in the second half of the year.
I offer you these details to provide color on the quarter, not to rationalize results. We are very focused on revenue and expect to accelerate growth where we invest. But thus far, our growth is not at the pace required to overcome the declines in voice and legacy data services. We have the assets, the products, the people and processes in place to drive higher levels of revenue growth, and now it comes down to execution.
Beyond revenue, we are continuing to do a lot of great work to improve the fundamentals of our business and to drive long-term growth. We have continued to expand the reach, the power and reliability of our world-class fiber infrastructure. Our fiber network is at the core of who we are and is the engine that will drive both our and our customers' success. It is among the best in the world, and we make it better every day.
Our Lumen platform allows enterprise customers to seamlessly deploy the connectivity, the infrastructure and the applications they need to transform their businesses to the new realities of the 4th IR. We have enabled key products and partnerships that drive full-service solutions for our customers and integrate the network within their cloud applications. We have begun to deploy the automation and customer experience that will define our future. Across our business, these changes have driven both higher levels of customer satisfaction and enabled us to maintain strong EBITDA margins.
These initiatives are ongoing, and I believe demonstrate we're doing the things required to drive long-term growth in revenue, EBITDA, free cash flow and shareholder value. I'm proud of this work and believe it will define our future success. As I said earlier though, we have a strong sense of urgency to accelerate top line growth. We are seeing positive results in our customer interactions and early success with our edge cloud efforts.
As an example, our SAP alliance has led to the onboarding and major VAR customers on the Lumen platform. VARs like our customer, Pristine. Rather than hear my views though, I thought I'd just share an exact quote from the customer. "Through the entire process, we've been impressed with the Lumen offering. Their insight into our business demand and the quality of their team resulted in a packaged offering that targets the key challenges facing value-added resellers in our market space." Obviously, I like to hear customer quotes like this. But I also want to point out that this is the exact intent of our entire Lumen platform.
We understand the focus on near-term revenue but believe too singular a focus on that topic overshadows the many other positives in our business. I'm not going to belabor this point. We shared with you our view of the sum of the parts of our business last year. That information is still on our website, and I would encourage you to give it another look. I think that the simple and straightforward analysis speaks for itself, and the market value for assets such as ours continues to support that basic view.
The market cap less than 5x the midpoint of our free cash flow guidance and our current EBITDA multiple does not reflect our extensive fiber infrastructure or the growth potential we highlighted in our Analyst Day. Moreover, we have a strong balance sheet enabled by our deleveraging initiatives. Given our conviction around our growth initiatives and our equity valuation, I'd like to share a few thoughts on capital allocation.
Of course, our first capital allocation priority is to make the investments required to drive healthy growth and returns within our core business. These investments are not linear from 1 quarter to another, and we expect 2021 capital investment will accelerate from first quarter levels. I am confident we are investing in an appropriate level to support our growth, expand our fiber network and enable the systems and programs that will continue to drive higher levels of sales, customer satisfaction and operating efficiency. We are committed to investing in growth.
Beyond investing in the business, we're also very focused on our dividend as a key element of our capital allocation strategy. We still get the occasional question or comment about the sustainability of, or our commitment to our dividend. Frankly, this puzzles me. As I'm sure you can appreciate, it's difficult for any company to make completely unqualified statements about their capital allocation policy, including dividends, and we're no different.
That said, I think we've been clear that we look at our current dividend level as both an appropriate capital allocation approach and an important proof point about our confidence in the future of our business. And with the current payout ratio in the 30s as a percentage of free cash flow, I think the question about sustainability answers itself. We believe the dividend is an important element in our delivery of value to shareholders, and that the current level of dividend is supported by sustainable payout ratios.
Two, we have been focused on strengthening our balance sheet and reducing our interest expense. And we've done a lot of good work in this space. Since announcing the deleveraging plan, we have reduced $4 billion in debt, refinanced more than $20 billion, improved our maturity profile and reduced cash interest expense by almost $600 million per year. This obviously enhances the financial position of the company and is very beneficial to our free cash flow profile.
We did what we said we were going to do here, and there is no question in my mind that it was the right thing to do to sustain long-term value. In terms of interest cost savings, coverage ratios and credit profile, we've largely achieved the outcomes we targeted with our deleveraging plan. We are maintaining our debt-to-EBITDA target range and expect to get there over time with a combination of EBITDA growth and debt pay down.
Our cash flow profile and balance sheet improvements give us the flexibility to reassess our capital allocation after investing in the business and supporting the dividend. Given our conviction around our sum of the parts analysis, fiber asset valuations and our business plans, we believe our shares trade at a significant discount to their true value. As we continue to progress toward our leverage targets, this naturally leads to discussions with the Board about share buybacks. We've made no decisions and are not making any specific announcement, but it is certainly part of our discussion.
Finally, I'd like to talk about our approach to inorganic opportunities to grow or unlock value. You've heard me say before that we are constantly evaluating alternatives to enhance shareholder value and are open minded, including divestitures. I know you hear that phrase from virtually every CEO, and that it can just sound like CEO talk, and I understand that point of view. But I want to be clear that we are actively looking at selling noncore assets to unlock value in our business, further accelerate deleveraging and implement potential buyback programs.
That said, we have been and will remain disciplined. We have confidence in our future and don't feel compelled to undertake any specific transaction. If we find transactions that are positive to shareholders, we won't hesitate to move forward.
Let me summarize before I pass it over to Neel. We understand we must improve our revenue trajectory. We are focused and unflinching in our assessment of what we must do to drive that change. It does not happen overnight in a business such as ours, but we know we must improve. At the same time, I have a strong personal conviction that we are doing the things required to position Lumen for the future. We are expanding the reach and capacity of our already powerful fiber network. We are improving our product set, transforming our customer experience and reducing our cost of delivery.
And again, I will highlight that we have a strong cash flow profile and an improved balance sheet that allows us to invest in the future of our business. While we reposition ourselves for long-term growth via the Lumen platform for enterprises and Quantum Fiber for mass markets, we will also continue to maintain the discipline required for us to deliver value to our equity holders, not only through growth, but also through inorganic options, the return of capital through dividends, the ongoing reduction of leverage and should we decide it is a better way to allocate capital, the possibility of share buybacks.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Neel to review some of the details from the quarter. Neel?

Thanks, Batya. Let me talk about sales cycles first. I don't know that they're lengthening any more than we've talked about over the last couple of quarters and during our Analyst Day back in April. We saw sales towards the end of the year lighter than we liked and sales at the beginning of the year lighter, but we had good sales in March. And so we're starting to -- we've got a good, strong funnel. The market for our products and services are there. We're seeing better sales in March. I don't know if that's an overall change yet in the sales cycles, but things are starting to close again.
And then with respect to noncore assets, I'll jump through the middle question and let Neel answer that. I don't want to get into specifics about different parts of our business and which ones that I'd call core or noncore. I think there's probably a pretty good sense of what those are. But if you look at where we invest, we're investing heavily in certain markets, in certain capabilities, in certain products, and those are the things that we think are core. So our fiber infrastructure, our edge computing, our platform that we're building, our customer experience, Quantum Fiber, all of those things, we think, are core to us and core to the products and services that we sell, and so we'll continue to focus our investments there. Neel?

Sure. And I'll try and provide a little more color to Batya's question, but not too much. If you look at core and noncore, there is a -- if you're looking at Denver and the network that we operate here in Denver, there's a strong tie between some of our commercial business and some of our mass market business. If you look in other markets, that's not as strong. So what we will look at with respect to the consumer copper network, that type of thing, would be looking at markets that we don't think are necessarily core to our Quantum Fiber strategy.
I haven't -- I don't want to be very specific about what those could be or might be. But I do want to emphasize that we're open to looking at divestitures, and we actively pursue them. Now I'm not ready to announce any deal because we don't have one. But I do want to reinforce that this isn't just CEO talk. It isn't just me saying, "Oh, yes, we're open to whatever."
We sold the majority of our corrections business, and we've looked at other parts of the business, and we'll continue to do that and make sure that we're focused on the core of what's going to drive success for Lumen, back to the fiber network, back to our platform capabilities, things like edge computing, Dynamic Connections. We've recognized with the change coming for our customers in the 4th Industrial Revolution, those are the core assets that are going to drive our growth. And if it's not core to us, then we're open and opportunistic about considering other alternatives. Neel, would you take the second half?

Thanks, Simon. And as I said in the kind of prepared remarks, we've made no decisions about whether we'll institute a buyback program or not. It's a topic of discussion for our Board. The size, duration, parameters, all of those types of things that triggers that you referenced would be part of our discussion with our Board, and so we will continue to have those discussions. I don't have any specifics to share at this time.
But our purpose in raising it with you today is to signal that we believe our shares are undervalued. And that considering buyback is a potentially attractive capital allocation approach that we might take and want to be clear that it is something that we're considering.

Like always, we'll be very milestone-based about it. And so some of the things that we're doing from a customer experience perspective, you've heard a lot of our leaders talk about some of the automation initiatives. As we deploy those, we can take cost out of the organization. At the same time, it enables us to scale. So no, I think linear is probably a pretty good assumption. But overall, I would say, net of investing in the business and driving those savings, we feel pretty good about our full year EBITDA guidance of $8.4 billion to $8.6 billion.

Yes. I won't give any comment on the magnitude but I will tell you what positive looks like and what will trigger a decision is that we think it's in the interest of our shareholders to do that. Price certainly has something to do with that. Our ability to separate the business from Lumen has something to do with that. Our ability to capture and make sure that we don't have dis-synergies. I mean there are all sorts of things that go into our valuation metrics that go on with that.
And frankly, are we going to invest in it? If we're not going to invest in it, then it's obviously not something core to us. So we'll -- all of those types of things go into the decision matrix for any deal that we'd do.

No. I don't have any kind of customer count. I will tell you that just like we did with the Keep America Connected work with the FCC that we're working with them and we support the idea of helping our customers -- our impacted customers during this difficult time. And so we'll continue to work with the FCC. Might have some update later in future quarters about what that really means for us. But right now, it's too early to say.

Neel, why don't you take a shot of that?

And we spent the last couple of years, working on improving the fundamentals of our business, those things that -- even if we don't think they're core long term. We've improved our customer experience, we've reduced churn, we've stabilized things across the operating costs and we'll continue to do those things.
If you look at the mass market business, as an example, on the consumer side, we grew something like 40,000 broadband -- high-speed broadband ads over the last quarter. And so we've been making investments to -- in different parts of our business to improve them up until this point.

Sure. And I think you answered your own question a little bit. And those are the alternatives. Can we invest in the business? Are there parts of the business we want to invest in more heavily? We have not yet started growing our edge computing to the level that we want. Now that's not unexpected because it's a brand-new product set in a brand new market. So we're very focused on it and pleased with the reception in the market, but we think it can be great big. And so if we think it can be big, we would obviously continue to invest in that if we get the market traction.
Neel mentioned in his comments that we tend to be success-based in our capital investments. And so we'll make sure that we can continue to accelerate growth by investing in those, and I'll point to mass markets for Quantum Fiber. We set out a couple of years ago we were investing heavily in bonding and vectoring and upgrading the copper plant. We've stopped all of that. We invest in fiber. We are focused on fiber for that business. So opportunities to increase there are also things that it would be on the table. Investing in our sales force, all of the things that you mentioned to drive revenue because we are very focused on driving revenue, improving the revenue trajectory and driving that performance going forward.

Yes, I'll try and then you can fill in the blanks. We don't -- I don't have any numbers to quantify the questions you have about what our top 10 markets, how many homes there are, how many fiber homes, any of that. But let me tell you about the strategy in those top markets. And that is when we build fiber down the street to go to a residential home, we also pass small business customers. We've pass mid-market customers. We pass enterprise buildings. We pass wholesale locations and government locations. And so we know that as we build infrastructure in those top markets, there's a lot of synergy that comes from the network that we build and the people that we use to operate it and the way that we deploy it.
And that's not going to be true, and I'm always hesitant to pick markets by name. I picked Denver because that's where I'm sitting today. But if you look at some rural small town, we don't have those same opportunities. And so they're not going to be as attractive to invest in. In addition, we follow a -- when it comes to the consumer business, a very diligent micro-targeting strategy, where we look at the cost to build, we look at the densities, the average penetration rate, what we think we can accomplish in the market, the needs for the services, and we use those types of levers or triggers to identify where we want to build and where we don't want to build. Those typically are pretty good in our dense urban clusters like at Denver. Neel, I don't know if you want to add?

So let me take the second one first. It's not a new initiative. I've been saying for the last couple of years that we are working on -- looking at how we maximize shareholder value for -- with the assets that we have. Does our opinion change over time? Potentially, depending on what the market price is for those assets and how well we're performing with them. So yes, our -- the calculations can change over time, but this isn't something new.
The thing that I'm trying to address here is I get comments from time to time that say, "Yes, everybody says that. I'm sure everybody does say that." I just want you to know that we are serious about it and that we are looking and continue to look at noncore assets and we'll continue to focus on how do we look at all of our assets and generate the best shareholder return with all those assets. Neel, do you want to take the first part?

If we thought that it was in our shareholders' interest, absolutely.

With respect to T-Mobile and 5G, we're really excited about the T-Mobile relationship that we have. We think that there's a great opportunity to marry their 5G network with our fiber network and take the -- deliver the advantages of both to our mutual customers. And so we're super excited about it, especially as it relates to edge computing. And we'll continue to invest in that.
I don't have specific use cases, but things like automated manufacturing, robotics, all of those types of things, will really be able to leverage -- I think, will be able to leverage the 5G network of T-Mobile with the fiber network of Lumen.
Now I always believe that wireless means exactly what the word says, just a little less wire, and that communications wants to get to the fiber optic very quickly, and that's where the strength of the Lumen network is, is in the fiber backbone that we have, the fiber connectivity, the deep peering interconnections, all of those types of capabilities. And I think they're very competitively placed in the market. Yes.

Okay. All right. Well, thank you all for joining us today. I appreciate everybody taking the time. I guess I'll summarize with a couple of thoughts. First of all, we're focused on revenue, profitable revenue. We never talk about anything but profitable revenue and free cash flow. So we continue to stay focused as a company on the free cash flow that we generate, but driving that through profitable revenue growth.
We're excited about the capabilities that we talked to you about a few weeks ago at the Analyst Day. We think we are bringing the products and services and the capabilities over the Lumen platform that the market needs and that the 4th Industrial Revolution demands. And so we're really excited about our partnerships like the one that you asked about with T-Mobile because we think that helps us and augment our capabilities to deliver that, and we're starting to see success with some of those partnerships.
We continue to invest in growth. We aren't skimping on capital. We are focused on growing our business, where we think the market will go. We're focused on continuing to augment what we believe is one of the world's most powerful fiber networks. And we'll continue to do that both on the mass market side and on the enterprise side.
Now we also think that our shares are undervalued, and that brings up the questions for our Board about what's the best capital allocation approach. And so we wanted to mention that to you that we are having those discussions with the Board.
And then lastly, we are -- we got a lot of questions on this, but we are serious about looking at the best way to maximize all of our assets for our shareholders. Some of those that are core, invest heavily in them. Those that are noncore, look if there are opportunities to divest them or take cash out of them. We will look at what we think is the best strategy for each of those types of assets for maximizing value.
With that, I'll wrap the call. Thank you for your attendance today. Thank you for your interest in Lumen. We appreciate it.