Thanks, Valerie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. On today's call, I'll give you an update on the state of the business, Neel will provide an overview of the quarter's financial results, and then we'll go into your questions. 
During the quarter, we continued executing on our strategy around 4 key areas: investing in growth through product and network expansions; delivering an enhanced customer experience across our business; transforming the operations of our company to improve efficiency and employee experience; and delevering to further strengthen our balance sheet. 
Our expanding adjusted EBITDA margin and year-over-year revenue both in IGAM, Enterprise and Consumer broadband demonstrate these efforts are making a difference. Our focus on providing innovative networking solutions continues to resonate with our large business customers for both IGAM and Enterprise. In addition to the year-over-year revenue growth, we followed strong sales in the second quarter with higher sales this quarter. Included within the Enterprise segment results is our federal sector. We're seeing early wins under the federal EIS contract. We believe we are well positioned to grow our federal relationship under this new contract vehicle. 
We're seeing mixed results in our SMB segment. The biggest challenge is offsetting pressures from legacy services such as TDM voice. But by tailoring product capabilities specifically for this customer segment, products like Unified Communications as a Service, network security and SD-WAN, we're bringing much-needed solutions to the market for SMB customers. We believe we operate one of the world's most extensive and capable fiber networks for business and wholesale customers. We continue to focus investments on improving that advantage by expanding our network reach to new buildings. During the quarter, we added approximately 4,900 new fiber-fed buildings, bringing the year-to-date total to roughly 14,500. These investments are particularly relevant to the SMB customers located in those buildings. 
Our sales team is focused on leveraging these investments, both within and beyond our legacy LEC footprint. Utilizing the entire CenturyLink fiber footprint, our team is intent on becoming a major provider to SMB customers throughout the U.S. 
I'm excited about the opportunities for SMB and expect improved performance in the future. 
Our Wholesale results met our expectations. While revenue can be lumpy in any given quarter, the market is large, and CenturyLink is a key player. We do, however, continue to expect this segment to decline over time, offset to some extent by our expanding on-net footprint and Ethernet capabilities. 
We are obviously focused on leveraging the power of our fiber network to drive growth in all of our business segments. 
I'd also like to highlight some of the ways we are enhancing the products and the capabilities we deliver across our platform. We continue to enable our Dynamic Connections product, which provides our customers real-time and self-serve access to secure multi-cloud connectivity across thousands of global endpoints. Last month, we announced that we added Google Cloud to our ecosystem. Shortly after that announcement, we had customers logging in to our Dynamic Connections platform to connect workloads to the Google Cloud without having to call us or establish new physical connections. 
On our second quarter earnings call, we announced plans for our edge computing solutions, which combines our edge computing infrastructure with our incredible fiber network, Dynamic Connections offerings, cloud application management tools and managed services portfolio. We've already begun closing sales of this newly enabled offering. We've recently closed a deal to support a global edge computing solution for an IT-intensive securities trading customer. Our edge computing capabilities enable the customer to move trading system workloads closer to the digital interactions with other trading platforms all over the world. Our solution provides the customer fully managed compute, storage, network, managed security and market connectivity monitored 24/7 by a managed services team aligned to financial services industry best practices. 
We're enriching our CDN platform, both organically by expanding our capabilities, capacity and footprint; and inorganically through the acquisition of technology companies like the Streamroot acquisition we announced in September. I won't go too far into the details, but Streamroot gives us disruptive technology that enables connected devices to deliver content through secure and privately meshed networks. 
We continue to expand our overbuild of the nationwide ultra-low loss fiber infrastructure discussed on the second quarter call. By leveraging our significant conduit infrastructure, we are deploying this next-generation fiber network at what we believe are significantly lower cost and a much faster time to market. Investments in these capabilities are leading customers to select CenturyLink to support their complex and networking and technology needs. 
As an example, I'll briefly discuss our relationship with Chick-fil-A. Before I get into the details, I have to say that, personally, I'm an avid fan of Chick-fil-A. It certainly starts with liking the food, but I also appreciate the way they've integrated technology into providing a superior customer experience. To even further enhance that customer experience, Chick-fil-A required increased bandwidth capabilities at their restaurants, which we supported with fiber investments to hundreds of locations nationwide. Fiber connectivity is a foundational component of the Chick-fil-A digital strategy and is enabling many of their smart restaurant initiatives. We continue to work with this customer to support their future digital requirements. 
Turning to our Consumer segment. Over the past couple of years, we've made strides in our efforts to transform our Consumer business. We have simplified our go-to-market approach, focusing on an easy-to-understand nonpromotional offering known as Price for Life. This simplified product has significantly improved the customer and employee experience, reduced marketing and customer care costs, lower churn and driven higher ARPU. Coupled with our transformation initiatives, we focus on driving higher levels of digital interaction and customer self-service. 
You heard me say a number of times, we will grow where we invest, and we continue to invest in deploying consumer fiber where it is economical to do so. In 2018, we shifted to a consumer investment strategy that was heavily weighted to fiber-to-the-home solutions rather than investments in copper-based technologies like bonding and vectoring. We've seen good success with this strategy, micro-targeting our fiber builds down to the neighborhood level and digitally targeting sales efforts down to the individual households. As I said, these efforts are paying off. 
Through our Price for Life offer, higher levels of fiber deployment and improved customer experience initiatives, we've seen year-over-year growth in consumer broadband revenue each and every quarter since the beginning of last year. We're very focused on accelerating that growth. And while we certainly have more to do, I'm pleased with our ability to operate the Consumer business to grow where we invest and to generate significant free cash flow. 
I'd like to touch briefly on our ongoing strategic review of the Consumer business. We continue to make good progress with the review. However, as I've previously said, these are complex assets and this is an extensive process. We believe there are good opportunities in the Consumer business, and we are dedicated to identifying the best path forward for our shareholders. We remain open to the various potential outcomes, but we won't give specific details until we complete the review and decide upon a definitive course of action. 
Moving back to our overall strategy. The entire thesis of our business is that we will build and leverage our extensive fiber network to deliver the capabilities our customers require for their own digital transformations. As we look at our company going forward, we have several strong beliefs that form the basis of our strategy. 
First of all, the reliance of enterprises on networking solutions is growing, not diminishing. Customers need our products and services. For artificial intelligence and big data, augmented reality, multi-cloud environments and the exponential growth of IoT devices, complex networking services are the key enablers for these applications. 
Of course, we have to keep pace with technology advancements and adapt our products, adapt our services and the delivery mechanisms to match. But that's the true opportunity for us to execute well in the market, and we are intensely focused on it. 
Secondly, whether compared to copper, hybrid fiber coax, wireless or even 5G, we believe fiber is the long-term technology winner. We all spend a lot of time talking about wireless and it certainly has its place in the last few hundred feet, but there is no scalable communications technology where fiber is not the true underlying infrastructure. WiFi, private LTE, 4G all go back to fiber as quickly as possible. In fact, the key enabling technology for 5G will be the continual densification of our own fiber infrastructure. 
Third, for Wholesale and Enterprise customers, direct fiber-based services are a clear favorite to wireless or copper solutions. The scalability, the reliability and affordability of fiber is unmatched by wireless, free space optics, microwave, HFC or any other transport technology you can name. We will continue to invest in being the preferred provider of direct fiber-based solutions. 
Lastly, investments in our digital transformation and expanding our fiber reach are investments in long-life assets that generate sustainable free cash flow into the future and are key to our growth and improving profitable revenue. 
From a transformation perspective, we believe simplification and automation will drive a better employee experience, a better customer experience, lower churn, improved sales and increased margins. We've made steady progress toward transforming our company during 2019 and have a milestone-based set of initiatives over the next few years to drive those outcomes. 
In summary, we continue to invest in the growth of our business through product enhancement and network expansion. We remain focused on providing a superior customer experience by transforming the efficiency and effectiveness of our operating capabilities, and we are committed to meeting our deleveraging objectives while driving long-term sustainable free cash flow per share. 
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Neel to provide an update on our detailed financial results for the quarter. Neel?

Thank you, Neel. Operator, would you explain the process for questions?

I didn't hear the first part.

Booking trends. Go ahead.

I think it's our products and services and the way we deliver them. And we have confidence in the market and the types of things that we sell, our customers need; the types of products and services we have, they're going to need in the future. And I think it's just best doing a good job in the market and expect to continue -- I hope to continue.

Sure. On the customer experience, I mean, there's some things that are just basic blocking and tackling, doing a good job in service delivery, doing it -- having a reliable network and doing a great job in service assurance. Those are things that we focus on every single day. Part of it has to do with evolving our products. If you look at Dynamic Connections and you think about a customer experience where they can, all of a sudden, reroute traffic from one cloud location to another, and it can be their own private data center to another private data center, but when they can reroute capacity, scale capacity up and down, move it around, however they like, without having to pick up a phone, without having to call through us, without having to wait for service delivery, that's a much better customer experience. And so we're making enhancements in our products and services. We're making enhancements continuing to move things on-net. The more you're on-net, the better reliability, the better experience our customers have. So we're continuing to focus on a whole array of initiatives to drive the customer experience up.

Sure. And especially if you look at our Consumer business and our fiber product, our Net Promoter Scores have improved dramatically and are pretty good. We're pretty pleased with the Net Promoter Scores there. And so yes, we look at a lot of internal metrics to know that what we're doing is actually affecting our customers and the performance that they're receiving is improving their experience overall.

I don't want to predict specific timing on contracts, but we're seeing early success already. We were the first company to be certified, or whatever the word was, to receive bids through that contract, and we're seeing that early success. It's a long-term contract, extends for years and years. And I expect that traffic will be moving and services will be moving to that contract over a long period of time. But of course, if we've seen results already, I expect results in 2020 as well.

Sure. So I'll answer about CAF II and the Digital Opportunity Fund. Make sure I'm clear, I'll answer them separately. We have no intention of walking away from CAF II. We're doing a great job. We've got -- we're very far along the way of building that out, and so there's nothing I'm about to say changes any of that. 
With respect to the Digital Opportunity Fund, when would we walk away from it? When it's not advantageous to our company. If it doesn't make sense for us to do, we won't do it. And that's not a big problem for us. We only are going to do things that make sense. So we will be involved in the process. We will make sure that we fully evaluate what it means for CenturyLink. And if we can do something economically that benefits our shareholders, we'll do it. And if we don't, we'll walk away.

Frank, I think you had a second [indiscernible]

Consumer assets. Are we closer to the end of that process? Yes. But we're not there yet, and we really won't talk about the details of it. 
What we are focused on in the Consumer business is making sure we run the best Consumer business possible, making sure that where we invest, we grow. And we're introducing products and services in the customer experience that resonate with our customers, and we're doing that. And then we'll evaluate that and all of the other strategic options, and we are evaluating that and all the other strategic options that are out there. And I expect we're closer, obviously, to the end of it.

Yes. We look at everything. We try to be diligent and disciplined about all of our assets and look at things periodically to make sure -- and I think there are some things that we're not getting the full appreciation for the value of these assets. And so if there's something that we can divest, if there's something that we can acquire where we think we can drive better free cash flow per share for our customers -- or excuse me, for our shareholders, then we'll do that. And we're pretty open and agnostic about -- there's nothing that's off the table. It's not quite [ true ], but I think you get the point.

Sure. I'll try and answer the question on Lat Am and all of our asset sales, potential assets sales, more eloquently than I did on Frank's question. Look, we value our Lat Am business, we value our EMEA business, we value the North America business. We think we have great strengths and great capabilities. We don't comment on speculation and rumors that are out there, but we do look at all aspects of our company. And while I won't specifically comment on Lat Am or any other thing specific other than the consumer process that we've announced, we are focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders, and we'll look into the various opportunities within the context of that.

I think that's right. I mean price is an important point for customers, but we think pricing in the market is rational, and we think that we can win at the prices that are out there.

Well, we don't really talk about how we size it, but we look at the various buildings that are out there. We look at the customers in them, and we target our network expansions with multiple factors in mind. We look at off-net expense. If they have off-net expense, we know how much we get to save by moving that building on-net. And so it's a guaranteed return for us. We look at existing customers, and then we look -- and we transition those customers into our on-net footprint, and we can provide better service to them. And then we look at potential customers, and we have a pretty sophisticated targeting capability to look digitally at these customers to understand where they are, how we're going to serve them and really position our products for them. And so we'll continue to do that inside the legacy LEC footprint, but we have a lot of opportunity outside the legacy LEC footprint as well.

With respect to going closer to the edge, fiber is the edge. It's how we pick up customers, how we bring them into the network. So the fiber is the edge of the network. But when we talk about edge computing, that means taking customers' computing resources and moving them closer to that fiber-connected edge, to the -- closer to the place that, that traffic has originated or that traffic needs to be terminated. CDN is the same way. We continue to move CDN resources that we have closer and closer to our customer, making them closer to the edge where we directly connect to the customers with the fiber infrastructure that we have. And I hope that answers the question. 
Okay. Operator, I think that's the last question we have. So I'd like to wrap up before we conclude the call to summarize a few key points. 
As we said, and as demonstrated in our third quarter results, we expect revenue performance will be better for IGAM and Enterprise, comparing the second half of 2019 to the first half. We operate what we believe to be the world's best fiber network, and we will continue to focus our capital deployment on expanding our fiber footprint and providing innovative solutions over that network. We are executing on our transformation initiatives, which improve the customer experience and increase efficiency throughout the organization. We delivered another quarter of solid progress on our deleveraging objectives and expect to be within our leverage target in our 3-year time frame. And all of these initiatives and accomplishments are aligned to our overall guiding principle, which is to grow free cash flow per share. 
Thank you for joining today's call and for your continued support of CenturyLink. Operator, that concludes the call.