Thanks, Valerie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. On today's call, I'll provide my thoughts on our second quarter results, the market demand we see for dynamic, robust fiber-based services that are at the heart of CenturyLink and how we continue to position the company to grow as we meet that demand. After that, Neel will provide an overview of the quarter, and then we will open it up to your questions.  
I'll start with the solid results we delivered in the second quarter. Our team has done an incredible job of maintaining direct engagement with our enterprise customers. We've begun to see our customers adapt to the new normal of COVID-19 and resume their digital transformation efforts. They see that using next-generation technologies enable them to adapt their business models more rapidly and are working to take advantage of tools like artificial intelligence and machine learning across distributed compute resources and high-performance networking. This translates into greater demand for transport services, hybrid WAN connectivity, network-based security, edge computing and managed services as enterprises adjust to a more data-dependent and distributed operating environment.  
This new normal has also increased consumers' need for digital services, and the demand for data shows no signs of slowing. The economic effects of the pandemic create uncertainty for our customers, partners, the company and the market in general. But the pandemic has also highlighted the absolutely essential and durable nature of CenturyLink services and infrastructure in an all-digital world. Now more than ever, businesses realize that to thrive, they must acquire, analyze and act on data and deliver the digital applications and experiences that people need.  
As you can see on Slide 4, we own the critical infrastructure, everything from the extensive fiber network to the deep peering and interconnection relationships required to deliver customers' agile, scalable, secure network infrastructure that is easily and flexibly consumed. 
I'm proud of how responsive our employees have been to customers and how they have delivered with speed and urgency. This agility is key to our strategy and is underpinned by our ongoing transformation from a telecom service provider to a leading technology company, providing network and network-supported technology solutions to today's digital market.  
We all know how well positioned our infrastructure is, but our value proposition is more than having great infrastructure. I frequently talk to employees about how our relationships with customers must be rooted in CenturyLink's capabilities to drive their success rather than the mindset of speeds and feeds and circuits of a typical telecom company. As a technology company, we combine our deep infrastructure strength with a digital operating environment that enables our customers to turn their data and connectivity into a strategic advantage. We integrate network, compute and operational technologies with managed services to simplify their business operation. Capabilities like orchestration services help them control the thousands of widely-distributed devices and digital assets they now have to manage. 
The COVID-19 crisis didn't create this need, but it has certainly amplified and accelerated it. And you can see this in our second quarter results with improving revenue trends, led by revenue growth in Enterprise, solid performance in IGAM on a constant currency basis and growth in consumer broadband.  
In the second quarter, in addition to improved revenue performance, we saw sequential and strong year-over-year growth in sales for both IGAM and Enterprise, somewhat offset by the anticipated decline in wholesale and SMB.
While SMB sales haven't been as robust as Enterprise and IGAM, SMB revenue results were in line with prior quarters, demonstrating the resilience and importance of our services to these customers even in the face of the pandemic. We continue to believe we have tremendous opportunity and have made changes in our leadership and go-to-market approach to improve our performance in this segment. 
In the coming months, you will see us expand our efforts to grow our small business customer base, delivering a broader digital experience in our more than 170,000 fiber-fed on-net buildings.
Let me give you some color around our quarterly sales growth and funnel outlook by highlighting a couple of examples. As the pandemic hit the U.S. near the end of the first quarter, the priority for customers, like most of us, was to manage the crisis in front of them. Other than requirements for emergency connectivity, conversations about network expansions or future transformations understandably paused in the early days. 
But as customers have moved beyond the first wave of crisis response, we've seen a marked change in their engagement and increased urgency in their dialogue about longer-term digital transformation of their work environment and data platforms. It's a pivot we have noticed across our customer base, and it's one of the key drivers in the growth of our sales funnel.  
These discussions are about more than just network. As I noted earlier, this is about using our technology platform to provide services in new and effective ways to meet the evolving needs of our customers. For example, we recently announced a contract with the State of Arizona to provide network connectivity and managed IT services that will support all state government agencies and transform how the state delivers services to its citizens. 
CenturyLink had previously won an AZNet contract, the type of connectivity contract that telecom companies frequently win. But because of our full range of solutions, we were able to expand our relationship beyond the network to include critical capabilities such as cloud-based integrated security, automation and cloud orchestration. This is the CenturyLink of the future, a company that delivers digital technology solutions to our customers, differentiated through our world-class fiber infrastructure.  
If you consider the increasing demand across all customer verticals to move massive data sets as quickly as possible to widely distributed processing resources, our infrastructure is very well aligned to meet this shift in requirements. By combining just 100-or-so of our existing technical spaces with our deeply distributed fiber network, we can serve around 95% of U.S. Enterprise locations within 5 milliseconds of latency. 
Further, as operators of one of the largest and most interconnected networks in the world, we enable our customers to efficiently and effectively collect, process and move their data seamlessly across public clouds, private clouds, public data centers, company-owned data centers and the various work locations of the enterprise, whether in employees' homes or in the office. And I see examples of this in our business every day.  
Turning to Slide 7 for a few examples. One of our customers, a food manufacturing facility, relies on CenturyLink to host their robotics control application. We built wireless connectivity across the factory floor, collect manufacturing data and distribute it in real time to the manufacturer suppliers across the country. All of this is delivered over our network with CenturyLink providing network security for the entire stack of applications on our platform.  
Similarly, we support online gaming customers that require very low latency and great connectivity to end users. Our edge compute capabilities and our deep global Internet peering have made CenturyLink an excellent platform to meet their needs. 
As a final example, a large U.S. retailer leverages our edge platform to move extensive compute resources from each store to our secure edge compute facilities, relying on our extremely low latency fiber network for connectivity, reducing their cost and complexity, while also improving performance of their data processing solutions. One customer has estimated 25% to 30% operational savings as a result.  
Supporting the deployment of 5G networks is another source of demand that we've seen gain traction. We continue to partner with our wireless customers to provide the fiber to run their 5G networks. It's long been obvious the key to effective wireless services is an extensive fiber network and the breadth and depth of our fiber infrastructure supports our ability to meet these needs. We've seen a few wins, but the volume of request is beginning to increase, and we are ramping our own capabilities to support the nationwide deployment to 5G. The alignment of our fiber and other infrastructure assets, the evolving market needs and our team's exceptional execution resulted in a solid quarter for our Enterprise business.  
Turning to consumer. As I said before, where we invest, we will grow, and you can see that in the second quarter broadband revenue, which grew year-over-year and sequentially. We remain disciplined, continuing with our micro-targeting strategy and funding our expansion, while also focusing on better penetration in areas already served. Year-to-date, we've added more than 200,000 new homes patched to our fiber footprint and have approximately 2.2 million homes addressable today.  
During the quarter, we added 42,000 1 gig and above customers, a record for us since we began expanding our Fiber to the Home efforts. I recently read a social media post comparing CenturyLink gigabit services to those of one of our large, very capable cable competitors. The writer got it all right. Our price per bit was lower, the pricing was simpler, and the lack of congestion, better upstream speed and lower latency of our network was better than the cable alternative. Everything about the experience made CenturyLink a clear winner in this writer's analysis.  
While this was a blog on our consumer services, the same benefits extend to our small business customers. We've been clear that our principal strategic focus is our Enterprise business, but we also embrace the consumer opportunity, and are very encouraged by the returns we see in consumer and small business fiber deployments.  
We've all been affected by the COVID-19 crisis, both at home and at work. CenturyLink is no exception, and it certainly has changed how we think about work-from-home and the distributed workforce. What has not changed is our long-term strategy, our long-term focus on the customer or the time lines of our ongoing digital transformation efforts.  
I continue to be impressed by our team members, how they're managing through the pandemic to deliver for our customers. And we remain in the primarily work-from-home environment with roughly 75% of our employees working from home and 25% working from work. We are currently planning a broader return to the office, and we'll follow a phased approach and will be fact-based by location in our decision-making. 
While a few specific employees may return earlier, I've told employees not to expect to return to the office before early fall. Like many of our customers, the crisis has accelerated our digital transformation and changes to our staffing model. Frankly, I don't expect we will ever return to work-from-work approach we had prior to the pandemic. 
Finally, I'll touch on our capital allocation strategy. We believe we have the right balance in investing for growth, reducing leverage and returning more than $1 billion per year in dividends to shareholders. I believe the actions we have taken in the past have put us in a good position for weathering COVID-19 and the economic downturn, and we will continue following the objectives we've laid out for you. We continue investing in the business. We have reduced our leverage to 3.7x and have no significant near-term maturities, and our ability to support our dividend speaks for itself with a payout ratio in the 30s. 
However, I don't believe CenturyLink's current market valuation properly reflects where we are as a company. Although we certainly have legacy businesses, the depth and capabilities of our fiber network, the strong demand for our services across both enterprise and consumer segments, the ongoing efforts to transform and fundamentally change the nature and cost of our service delivery model, the strength of our balance sheet and our relatively low dividend payout ratio makes us excited about our opportunities to transform and grow our business. Our focus is to drive toward that reality.  
In summary, we are pleased with the continued improvement in our revenue trajectory and the positive effects of our transformation into a technology company focused on building a platform for critical digital services. While the ongoing pandemic and economic environment creates near-term uncertainty, we believe our solutions and approach to the market are enabling our success and position us well for long-term growth. We are excited about the opportunity to help our customers embrace the fourth industrial revolution and digitally transform their businesses. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Neel to discuss our financial results.

And Simon, with respect to your second question, we don't talk about strategic alternatives or that type of thing. We are focused on performing as a company, and you see that in our second quarter results. We're focused on investing in growth, and you see what we've done with respect to revenue and sales in the second quarter for IGAM and Enterprise and consumer broadband. And so we're going to continue to focus on that. 
You've seen what we've done over the last couple of years in improving our EBITDA performance and making sure that we're investing and providing a great customer experience. And so when I think about the market valuation being wrong, I look at the business that we are. And I think that we're a very strong company, offering exactly what our customers need with -- that they're going to need in the future. It's not just what they need today, but it's also what they need tomorrow. And so we'll continue to focus on executing against that business plan. 
And then we're always open, and I've said this a number of times, but actively consider, are there other ways for us to release the value within CenturyLink. So we'll continue to focus on that, but primarily focused on us growing our business with our customers, investing in our growth and returning a good dividend to our shareholders.

And Batya, to add to that, it's awfully difficult for us to predict timing of a particular customer transaction or this or that. But I'll tell you that what we see in the market is that post-COVID types of products and services that our customers are going to need are exactly aligned with the digital transformation efforts that we see them taking today. And so we will continue to focus on working with those customers. 
We think the sales funnel is growing. We've had improved sales over the second quarter of last year and some sequentially. And we're really very excited about our opportunities to meet our customers' needs. It's a little hard to predict. Is that going to fall in the first quarter, third -- when is that going to fall? It's a little bit hard to predict. 
But everything that we've seen and the reaction to COVID, the response since it's really started to get past that first crisis the response from our customers has been very positive for the types of products, services and capabilities we deliver.

And fiber is the core of everything we provide. So essentially, all of our revenue, or the vast majority of our revenue rides on fiber. But we'll give you some thoughts with regard to breakdown.

And I mentioned in my comments that I think we have a great opportunity with our small business customers. We know the opportunity with Enterprise customers we know the opportunity with our medium-sized customers. And I think there's a good opportunity with our small business customers. 
We have more than 170,000 fiber-fed on-net buildings. We're going to those customer segments with a more -- with a broader digital experience, a deeper digital experience for them. And so I think there's a good opportunity as we bring those things together and deliver for the customers. But so far, Neel's comments about what we've seen are pretty accurate.

Well we'll try and get into more of this in the coming months and spend more time on it. But what we want it to be is a digital experience. When the customer -- especially if they're in a fiber-fed building, when the customer gets into the building, we give them the capabilities to turn on services rapidly -- instantly, if possible. We give them the ability to learn about our services and explore our services in a digital way. And we really simplify the overall process. 
And we recognize that they're mass-market customers more than customized customers. And we'll deliver the mass market solutions to them so that we can add them quickly, efficiently and at scale through a digital service delivery model.

Sure. With respect to where do I think corporations are going? Will they become more distributed? Work-from-home? Fewer office locations? I do think they'll become more distributed. I do think that they will recognize that they need to locate their compute resources in different places, some in the public cloud, some in private data centers, some in our edge compute facilities, but they'll do that based on the application and the performance that they're looking out at out of that application and the network to provide it.
So I do think it will become more widely distributed. What does that mean for our Enterprise business? I think it means good things because our Enterprise business is focused on making sure that we deliver network and network-supported technologies to our customers to support that hybrid networking topology and making sure that we're matching our capabilities to the type of application they have.  
The thing that's most important is connectivity and bandwidth and latency. And so we will -- it will give us opportunities to make sure that we have more places to go to, more ways to use our deeply interconnected network. You can look at every major data center, you can look at public clouds and private clouds and eyeball networks. We operate a very deeply interconnected network, and that's a competitive advantage.  
With respect to SD-WAN, is it growing? Or not growing or VPNs? We think that there is a great opportunity for hybrid WAN. This is not an SD-WAN solution. It's not a VPN solution. It's a hybrid WAN solution, and we're continuing to work with our customers to roll out those capabilities and a more distributed workforce, a more distributed operating environment feeds into that hybrid WAN capability as well.

Sure. I'll start, and Neel, feel free to add in. Book-to-bill, I don't -- I haven't listened to our competitors' earnings calls. I don't know if they said about service delivery. I'm very confident in our service delivery. Our team has done a great job through this. I think on the second quarter call, I made a comment either in the prepared remarks or in the questions, about customers putting things on hold, that they're going into the COVID pandemic and they were concerned and basically said, "Don't mess with the network. Don't touch it. Let's focus on operating, while we figure this out." 
So things went on hold. We call that long-term customer hold. That has continued to reduce. What we've seen is post that crisis response is our customers not getting back to normal, but moving back that direction. And so we don't see the long-term customer hold. I think our service delivery team is second to none, and they haven't created -- we don't have any particular bottlenecks. They're doing a really good job of turning up capabilities. And so that book-to-bill process for us is pretty typical. 
Now we do still have some long-term customer hold because not everybody has stopped. But I wouldn't have called it out this quarter as an issue like I might have last quarter.  
On the second issue and from work for work and have we estimated for our own transformation? Are there -- what's that mean from a cost savings perspective? We are quite looking at it that way. We look at our transition back-to-work, and we step back from what does the transition look like? And we say, what is work of the future look like? How do we want to do business in CenturyLink? And where do we think it's best and optimized to do so? 
And so right now, we're in the middle of that effort to make sure that we look at what the future of work within CenturyLink looks like, what mix of it should be done in the office, what mix of it should be done remotely, how do we think about that, how do we think about the jobs, did the jobs change as the products and services are evolving? 
And so our transformation efforts are really longer-term looking at how do we think about the business going forward. And we haven't looked right now and said, "Well, should we change any of our expectations on the existing targets that we put out there?" We basically said, what are we trying to build as a company? What's the best way to do that? And then how do we transition to that as we move back from a work-from-home environment?  
Now my color in the prepared remarks, so basically, just to say, I don't expect to go back to the way it was. And I don't expect our customers to go back to the way it was. And I frankly think that's good for CenturyLink overall, as we look to support our business and we look to support our customers.

And I'd also add to that, if you think about small business, and obviously, as we build fiber networks for consumer customers, we passed a lot of small businesses. The best opportunity are for the small business customers and the buildings we already have on-net. And those are higher returns because we're not building fiber for them. The fiber is already there. We've got therefore our Enterprise customers, our wholesale customers or some other need. And so those are higher returns as we look at them. And those investments are really about driving penetration as opposed to building infrastructure.

I -- as I look at digital transformation, that certainly is a broad term, but it also includes things like artificial intelligence and machine learning and big data and taking advantage of the data within the network. And all of that is incremental. That's not in lieu of something that they're doing today. 
So a big part of the digital transformation is new opportunities for us as our customers are adapting to virtual reality and augmented reality and really the fourth industrial revolution. And so that's good opportunity for us. 
There are certainly products that are declining, and we see that, and we'll continue to see that. But I don't think that -- and there are aspects of our -- helping our customers evolve in digital transformation that could affect those products. But my goal is not only to help CenturyLink -- existing CenturyLink customers go out and transform digitally, but it's my goal to go out and get other companies' customers to digitally transform. And that brings new business to us. It brings the profitable, high-margin business that we're focused on to the company. 
And so yes, is there some aspect of it that can harm our legacy? Yes, but there's far more opportunity for us than downside.

And Franz, I believe that was the last question. So before I wrap up today's call, I want to leave you with a couple of key thoughts -- a few key thoughts. 
As customers increasingly rely on CenturyLink's fast and secure platform, we saw strong improvement in revenue performance and growth in the sales during the quarter. While we still see uncertainties related to COVID-19, we're optimistic about our ability to drive revenue growth in the core areas of our business, and we're focused on reducing costs for the legacy services we provide. 
Our liquidity position is strong, enabling us to invest through this cycle to meet long-term demand where we see opportunities to do so. Our approach to capital allocation is serving us well as we continue to invest in the business, make progress on our deleveraging objectives and support the dividend with comfortable payout ratio in the 30s.  
We continue to drive our transformation initiatives. We see the results in improved customer experience, better alignment with how our customers want to interact with us and lower costs. And as always, we remain very focused on growing free cash flow per share over the long term. 
So I want to thank you all for joining today's call and for your interest in CenturyLink, and I wish everyone that you continue to have good health and success. 
Operator, that concludes the call.