Thanks, Valerie, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. I hope you and your families are staying safe and in good health. Obviously, this isn't a normal earnings season. With the COVID-19 pandemic sweeping the nation and the world, we at CenturyLink have adjusted our priorities and even our approach to the business. On today's call, I'll spend a few minutes on our first quarter results but during the majority of my time, I'll discuss the impact of COVID-19 on our company and my thoughts on the industry in general. After that, Neel will provide an overview of the quarter and outlook for the rest of the year. Then we'll open it up for your questions.  
I want to start by highlighting the incredible efforts of our employees during this crisis to support each other, our customers and the communities where we live. In early March, we sent 75% of our employees to work from home. Literally overnight, they implemented processes and tools to remain effective in the new environment and did so without missing a beat. But not all of our employees can work from home. We have nearly 10,000 essential workers, whose job supporting our customers and enhancing and maintaining our network requires that they continue to work from work. While I am proud of all of our employees, I am especially proud of the work from work employees who remain in the field and in our network control centers, delivering for the emergency needs of our customers and operating our global network so effectively.  
Our team has responded to every obstacle with determination, dedication and resiliency, the same characteristics they bring to their work to transform and grow our business. I can't tell you how proud I am of our employees, and I feel very fortunate to be part of this team.  
For those of you on the call who are shareholders, your employees are doing a great job, and I wanted to start the call with a huge thank you to all 42,000 men and women around the globe.  
Before I get into the details of our response to the ongoing crisis, I'll make just a few comments about the quarter. During the quarter, we remain focused on profitable growth, transformation of our service delivery platforms and cost reduction initiatives, and we continue to expand adjusted EBITDA margins. As you know, at the beginning of 2019, we modified our capital allocation strategy to focus on investing for growth and reducing leverage while continuing to return more than $1 billion a year to shareholders through our dividend, Slide 4 in the presentation. We believe this was the right decision for the long-term health of the business and to give us flexibility to weather future economic and environment changes. As a result, our liquidity position is strong. We are in a good path to reach the leverage target we established, and we feel good about our dividend payout ratio.  
While we are confident about our liquidity position, given the difficulty in predicting the shape and timing of an economic recovery, we have withdrawn the guidance we provided for EBITDA, CapEx and free cash flow.  
Slide 5 provides a summary of our response to the crisis. I'll start with the measures we put in place to support our employees and how they've been responding. From the beginning, we have been clear in our approach that the employees' safety is our #1 priority. Well ahead of government recommendations to adopt social distancing guidelines, we limited meeting sizes, eliminated travel and canceled company events. Ultimately, in early March, we transitioned the vast majority of our staff to work from home, halting the spread of the virus among our employees and the communities in which they live was our primary goal. We implemented an emergency paid time off program and extended short-term disability coverage to all U.S. employees to allow those directly touched by the virus greater flexibility and an increased sense of financial security. Protecting our essential employees, whether in the field or in our offices, was a special focus. Although now resolved, initially, we were challenged to meet the ever-changing recommendations for personal protective equipment. Our principal concern was protecting employees and customers during face-to-face interactions. As a further protected step, we accelerated the implementation of a customer self-service model, allowing a higher percentage of our customers to install and repair their own connections. But the main thing we did to protect our technicians was to reinforce that they had full authority to make their own safety decisions. If our technicians don't feel they can perform a specific task safely, they know they have the right to say no, with no second guessing of their decision. If you know anything about the culture and work ethic of the network tech community, you'll not be surprised to hear that these men and women have taken on the special challenges presented by this crisis with the same customer focus that has long been their hallmark.  
Finally, we've been clear with our employees that we will be very deliberate in our plans to return to our offices. That means returning to many of our locations will likely extend beyond government time lines. Frankly, I doubt we ever go back to the way things were before. As a manager, I was hesitant about embracing a distributed workforce, but the performance of our employees over the past 2 months has demonstrated that we can remain highly effective when working digitally from home. That performance allows us to be deliberate in our return and more broad minded about how we work together in the future. We will take our time and accelerate our own digital transformation as we look at the future of work within CenturyLink.  
As proud as I am of our employees, I'm equally proud of our customers' responses to the needs of their employees and customers and communities. Across both the public and private sectors, our customers have moved quickly to upgrade their digital infrastructure to enable distributed workforces and to meet the emergency needs of their communities. We have seen remarkable agility across our entire customer base from insurance companies to health care providers; from government agencies to financial services companies; from video and audio conferencing companies to individual consumers. We have been proud to support customers as diverse as the Social Security Administration, State Farm, Blue Cross Blue Shield, the Hazelden Betty Ford clinic, Banner Engineering and M&T Tech, just to name a few.  
Our customers move quickly to increase capacity, deploy more robust VPN capabilities and add security services and for our consumer customers to establish or improve the connectivity required to adapt to what we now all appreciate to be the shocking reality of working from home and home schooling children. CenturyLink has taken broad steps to support these efforts, including some instances, turning up connectivity in a matter of hours and extensive capacity increases for our enterprise customers.  
COVID-19 will affect every aspect of our business, but I'm especially concerned about the financial health of our smallest business customers. These businesses form such a critical part of our local communities and they may lack the resources to weather disruptions of this magnitude. For small businesses with fewer than 50 employees and our consumer customers, we have currently suspended usage limits and committed not to disconnect or charge late fees. Recently, we extended our commitment to the SEC's Keep America Connected pledge through June. We will continue to assess how we can help support customers who need assistance to sustain themselves until the economy returns to more normal conditions.  
By working to support all of our customers as they work through their own challenges, our actions and performance reinforce that CenturyLink is a trusted partner. I've been inspired to see how our customers have met the demands of this crisis. We should all be encouraged that the commitment, energy and creativity seen in these responses will carry us forward as we begin to reopen the economy.  
We've also stepped up our community support efforts. We've donated bandwidth to frontline locations across our footprint, such as the USNS Mercy hospital ship in California and other temporary health care facilities across the country. We've established corporate and employee giving campaigns. We will continue to seek ways to support our communities. But we believe the most important relief we can provide is to continue to ensure our customers have the connectivity they need to respond to the demands of this crisis. The global pandemic has highlighted and accelerated the digital transformation we and our customers were already experiencing in how we live and work together. But over the past 2 months, we have seen a step function increase in the speed of those changes. I am very proud of our employees and our network's ability to meet that accelerated demand. 
Compared to typical traffic levels, we have seen 30% to 40% growth in Internet backbone traffic and a correspondingly, significant increase in average usage across our CDN, end user IT, voice and conferencing platforms. While the daily growth in traffic has leveled off over the last few weeks, usage remains high. Not all of that growth translates to revenue as contracts often include unlimited usage, but the overall increase in traffic is a positive leading indicator for us.  
The good news here is that the CenturyLink network was purpose-built as a platform of capabilities to handle the growing consumption of bandwidth that is brought about by digital transformation and the Fourth Industrial Revolution. You've heard me talk about the benefits of fiber, it is faster, more secure and far more scalable than other infrastructures. Our network is built to flex in response to in the moment traffic increases. But when those increases begin to reach beyond the limits of our ability to flex, the robustness of our technology and the scope of our fiber and conduit infrastructure allows us to quickly and economically augment to handle the ever increasing demand, ensuring a great experience for our customers around the world.  
We are also seeing changes in the way we conduct business and an acceleration towards digital selling and customer care. However, I want to be clear, we do expect delays in decision-making from our business customers as they reassess their priorities and determine what the future of work looks like within their companies. We believe the critical nature of our services and the renewed importance of digital transformation means this will only be a pause and that our capabilities, close relationships with customers position us well for the economic recovery. 
We are watching our small business segment closely. While not yet seeing an increase in churn, this is an area of concern and attention. With our consumer customers, particularly in the early days, we received requests for speed upgrades, along with a rise in overall order volumes. This increased activity demonstrates something we've discussed before. Where we invest in fiber and providing higher speeds, we take share in the consumer market. Broadband is a utility you don't want to live without these days. However, given the rise in unemployment numbers, we are watching consumer churn carefully.  
The acceleration of digital transformation, driven by COVID-19 presents a wide range of opportunities for CenturyLink. Our far-reaching and powerful fiber network, together with services like embedded security, edge computing, IT enablement and managed services make us a key enabler of digital transformation across our economy. In fact, virtually all of our services have been designed for the digital economy. This crisis has reinforced the value of those services to our customers and our response has highlighted our ability to meet their evolving needs quickly and effectively. We believe all of this validates the value of our business going forward.  
At the same time, legacy communications spend will continue to decline, and we know we have to adapt to a lower cost, more customer-friendly digital support model to meet the demands of the future. Our response to this crisis has accelerated some of those plans. And later in the call, Neel will discuss our progress against our transformation efficiencies.  
The digital transformation is about far more than reducing cost. It is fundamentally about eliminating the barriers of distance and enhancing how people interact, both with each other and with the data that is relevant to their businesses and lines. We believe the current prices, along with the broader deployment of AI, machine learning, the Internet of Things, edge computing and the like, will accelerate the march toward digital transformation and that CenturyLink is well positioned to support and benefit.  
To be clear, we anticipate a negative effect on our near-term results. We have seen some increased demand, but our business is ultimately only as successful as the businesses of our customers. Nonetheless, we believe this crisis has highlighted that the services we offer are at the very heart of the digital economy. We are financially stable, investing in the capabilities our customers need, continuing to digitally transform our own customer interactions and facilitating and assisting our customers as they seek to realize the benefits from these ongoing technology trends.  
I'll now turn the call over to Neel to provide an update on our detailed financial results and our revised outlook for 2020. Neel?

Yes. Let me take that first. I don't know. We're working closely with the FCC. I do know that they are working on their auctions for CAF -- additional CAF type capabilities, the RDOF auctions. But whether they go beyond that or not, we don't know yet, but we'll continue working with them and see if there are opportunities because I do know that the FCC recognizes the value of broadband, recognizes that probably a lot of companies are going to shift to more work from home in the future and distribution broadband needs to be pretty broad to enable that.

Batya, you've been listening to these calls for a long time, and you've heard me say that our ability to win is based on our ability to execute, not the macroeconomic environment of the market. That's the difference this time. The market does dictate, to some extent, the timing of our ability to win. But what we've seen is our customers need our products and services more than -- now more than ever. They're relevant. They're capable products and services to meet their challenges. We've done a great job of executing and delivering for those customers. And I've gotten a number of e-mails from CEOs and department heads, thanking me for what we've been able to do in very short periods of time. 
And so we do -- there is a lot of uncertainty. But it's not long-term uncertainty, it's short term uncertainty. What does the shape of the recovery curve look like? When do we get started? And some of that affects our capital deployment and our cost savings. So for example, on capital, getting permits and hotel rooms for construction crews and that type of thing in our rural environment with CAF build-outs. If you look at our cost savings initiatives that are affected by this, things like converting off-net to on-net, our customers aren't in their offices. We can't convert them off-net to on-net when they're not there. And so until some of those things clear up, the visibility is a little bit hard. But there's nothing about this that has done anything other than reinforce that the products and services we have are exactly where our customers are headed and exactly what they need.

So the overall target that we provided from a cost transformation perspective, $800 million to $1 billion, and we said 3 years at the time we announced it. We feel very good about that. So the opportunity hasn't changed and our line of sight to those reductions haven't changed. It's just a delay in the interim. So -- as we kind of work through some of the physical distancing issues, so no issues from that perspective.

So that's a great question. So we're looking at it right now. So as we think about total cost per employee, we're taking a harder look at okay, real estate, for instance, how we can shrink the amount of space that we need. And so if you look at the total cost and connectivity is relatively cheap compared to commercial real estate. And so we'll be evaluating that. And I think all businesses will do the same.

So for first quarter, given the impact was only a couple of weeks, and for some of the regions that we operate in some of the markets like Seattle and San Francisco Bay Area, it might have been a little longer, our sales were still up year-over-year for IGAM and Enterprise. So relatively small time period in terms of the impact. But for second quarter, it's too early to tell. And so we'll continue to monitor that.

Well, we always look at all aspects of our business and say, are there things that we should exit or should we be acquiring. We don't see anything right now as a result of a recession that would lead us to exit any particular business line. We'll keep an open mind to pay attention to it but don't see anything today.

Yes. We haven't heard of any real opportunities to pull things forward from a construction perspective. But it really is just can we get hotels in rural areas, can we get permits in urban areas. How do we continue to expand the footprint. We are continuing to expand the footprint in the first quarter for our enterprise customers. We continue to add buildings. I think we're somewhere around 4,500 buildings. That's probably something that we will slow down in the coming months as part of our looking and waiting and seeing what happens with small and medium enterprise customers. So we'll continue to pay close attention to it, but we didn't have any market performance declines in our ability to add buildings. 
From a consumer perspective, we are very serious about investing fiber to -- through our micro-targeting strategy that we've talked about before. And it's successful. We want to invest fiber where we can afford to do so. And wherever we invest fiber, we grow and we drive penetration out. And so we'll continue to do that. Overall, we're a fiber company. We've continued to invest capital to expand and augment the fiber network in more locations, take better use of edge computing, all of the different trends that we see in the market.

Yes. So customers -- customer delay affects us in several ways. One type of delay that we expect to see -- haven't seen a bunch of yet, but we expect to see is customer delaying buying decisions, reengineering their network, reengineering their plans, understanding where they're taking their business as a result of the COVID crisis and making sure that their networking plans and computing plans match the new target of what they're trying to build to. So we'll see that type of delay. One we are seeing a little bit more right now is customer delay on installs because they don't have people in the offices to turn up capacity and turn up services. So we're seeing customers, minorly, these are not major impacts to our business, but that's the type of delay that we're seeing currently.

Well, we don't comment on particular opportunities, one way or the other. But we're an acquisitive company, and we have been in the past, and I expect will continue to do so. My preference is to acquire companies that are providing a capability that we don't have, that we need. And so we'll continue to look at all of those. But there are also synergies that you can pick up by acquiring companies. And so we will look at some of the companies you would think of out there and continue to focus on, does it make sense for CenturyLink. We're not opposed to it. We're not necessarily leaning into it, but we will make sure that we look and stay abreast of all the different opportunities.  
I think we have time for one more question. No questions left, right? Well, let me do a quick wrap-up and close the call with a few key thoughts. While we're still in the early days and there are a lot of unknowns, one thing I feel certain is that the demand for fiber and for the services we provide are more important than ever. And I've said this a couple of times on the call, CenturyLink though, will also rise to the challenge to meet the customer needs. And we've seen that in spades over the last 2 months. So very pleased with how we've been performing. 
COVID-19 is accelerating the digital transformation efforts, both of ours and our customers. And so we'll continue to see our network-related services are critical to supporting those efforts. Our actions last year to shift our capital allocation strategy and focus capital on deleveraging and investing in the business to place CenturyLink in a strong financial position with ample liquidity, comfortable payout ratios and manageable maturities for the next few years. Even in the midst of so much uncertainty, we believe we're well positioned to weather the near-term financial impacts of COVID and to take advantage of the ongoing digital transformation to drive long-term growth in free cash flow per share. 
I normally end with a focus on our free cash flow per share. Today, I'll close by repeating what I said at the beginning of the call. I'm very proud of our employees and we will continue to keep their health and safety as our top priority. Thank you for joining today's call and for your interest in CenturyLink. Operator, that concludes the call.