Thank you, Paul. Our second quarter financial results were led by our strong revenue increase of 9.4%. Our financial results are indicative of our compelling value proposition, vast total addressable markets and the outstanding execution of our employee partners. I thank our partners for continuing to navigate these challenging times by focusing on our customers.  
The benefits of our strong top line growth flowed through to our bottom line. Excluding last year's $18 million tax gain on the sale of certain operating assets and Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment and the related tax benefits, second quarter operating income margin increased 70 basis points from last year, and EPS grew 16.5%. These results are especially significant given that we -- they were achieved in a period in which U.S. inflation hit a 39-year high.  
Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment revenue was $1.54 billion compared to $1.41 billion last year. Organic revenue growth was 8.5%. The labor market is challenging, however, we are benefiting in the current environment. Businesses are struggling with the scarcity of labor, which has left many understaffed. Also, businesses have a heightened awareness of safety and cleanliness and are concerned with their ability to properly sanitize amid persistent COVID infections.  
Businesses are increasingly outsourcing to Cintas, so they can focus on their core competencies and be Ready for the Workday. And it is noteworthy that the U.S. still hasn't recovered about 4 million pre-pandemic jobs, and the job openings totaled about 11 million. Return of jobs represents revenue growth opportunity for Cintas. Our First Aid and Safety Services operating segment revenue for the second quarter was $202.2 million compared to $194.4 million last year. Organic revenue growth was 3.2%.  
Second quarter revenue was up against a difficult comparison. In last year's second quarter, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, sales of personal protective equipment, or PPE, were very high and the business grew organic revenue 14.5%. At that time, PPE compressed an outsized percentage of First Aid end Safety Services revenue mix. The amount of PPE has declined year-over-year as expected. However, COVID infections are still prevalent and PPE remains a larger percentage of the revenue mix than it was pre-COVID.  
Over the same period of time, the recurring first aid cabinet service business revenue has increased. In fact, it is up 20% from last year. We welcome this shift in mix because First Aid cabinet service business is a more consistent revenue stream and has higher profit margins than PPE.  
Our Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sale businesses are reported in the All Other segment. All Other revenue was $184.9 million compared to $152.1 million last year. The Fire business organic revenue growth rate was 16.9%, and the Uniform Direct Sale business growth rate was 47.3%. Both businesses benefited in part from an improved economic environment.  
Regarding our balance sheet and cash flow, our financial position remains strong. Second quarter operating cash flow increased 27% from last year and free cash flow improved 16%. Recently, on December 15, we paid shareholders $98.5 million in quarterly dividends. The amount per share of common stock paid of $0.95 represents a 26.7% increase over the company's previous quarterly dividend. We continue to allocate capital to improve shareholder return.  
Now before turning the call over to Mike, I want to highlight that we recently issued our 2021 environmental, social and governance report. Cintas was founded on a sustainable business model. We're committed to protecting the environment, enhancing humanity and maintaining accountability. The report, our second consecutive provides expanded information and data, including our reductions in energy usage, water consumption and Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 
Our ESG report further illustrates that our corporate culture based on doing what is right and challenging ourselves to improve is a competitive advantage.  
I'll now turn the call over to Mike.

Manav, this is Todd. Thanks for your question. At this point, our -- we haven't seen a change in our customer base as a result of Omicron. It's a little early to tell, certainly. But nevertheless, it's -- I would say it's business as usual at this point with our customers, and we're looking forward to the back half of the year.

Yes, great question. Inflation is certainly real, but I think we're managing it quite well. We do have a world-class supply chain organization that is a real competitive advantage in these cases. And fortunately, we've been addressing wages over the past couple of years, as we've spoken about in the past calls. So we weren't caught flat-footed as it relates to wages. And our -- certainly, our wage increases are still a little above historical, but we're more investing in the infrastructure to be able to service our customers so that based upon our current growth and our anticipated growth, which is -- we're very excited about.

I'll take that one, Mike. Thanks for the question, Andrew. Certainly, on the pricing, one of the things that's important to understand is that we don't simply send out a letter increasing prices to all 1 million customers all at the same time. We addressed the issue throughout the year. So you'll continue to see that. 
And also, as we said in the past, pricing is -- it's a local subject. Some industries are still struggling. Some are doing quite well. Some geographies are still not back to pre-COVID others are nicely ahead of the curve. 
Now it's -- inflation is -- it seems like it's in every headline and every time you turn on the news. And as a result, I'd say the conversations with our customers are generally going well and our results are a little bit better than historical in that area as well. But as you know, we take a long-term approach and we focus on the lifetime value of our customers, which, frankly, is reflected in our NPS scores being at all-time highs. 
Now all that being said, in the face of inflation being at a 39-year high, we are growing our operating income and incremental margins at very attractive rates, and we're excited about that.

Yes, Mario, this is Todd. As far as labor availability, we're competing quite well out there. We pay a very competitive wage and a very attractive benefits. And we think we're an employer of choice. And that's reflecting in our staffing levels, which we like. It's certainly more challenging this year than in the past in general. But we're competing quite well, and we like that. 
As far as how we look at the pricing, again, it's a -- you'll see it throughout the year. And it is something that we look at customer by customer and because, as I mentioned, it's a local subject. And we do look at the long-term value of the customers. But we have -- we're doing better than historical. And the reason being is because it's -- there's a little bit of wind in your sails as far as customers are highly aware of what's going on with inflation in general and wage pressures as well. 
So -- but as a result, we think we're in a good spot. I'm very thankful that we have been addressing wage increases over the past few years because it prevented us from being flat footed coming in and being under real pressure.

Yes, Mario. As far as the Fire business, we're continuing to build out our footprint. We have found that we very much liked our model that we are providing the service levels to customers. And it's showing up very nicely in new business wins and retention, and you're seeing it in the growth. 
As far as adjacencies, we're always evaluating those, but we think there's incredible run rate in that business with the type of strategy we have today without even going into an adjacency, but we're certainly always evaluating this.

Certainly, George, this is Todd. I'll start and then Mike can chime in. Gross margin in -- in general, is up 40 basis points due to just energy alone, so that's obviously a headwind. I think gas stand-alone is up 60% year-over-year. So -- but as far as the balance of that, the 70 basis points, we're making investments in the additional employee partners that we need to service the very nice growth that we're seeing along with the growth that we see coming. 
The revenue now, George, is different -- a little different from last year. It's much closer to our revenue -- our traditional revenue mix. And let me just give you an example because I think it'll maybe help you understand that a little bit better. With PPE last year, there was obviously significant demand for that, and we're happy to help our customers with it. But in those cases, in many of the cases with that, they were simply a drop ship to those customers. 
And when you drop ship, those large quantities, it doesn't take a whole lot of work, right? It's just a drop ship and then you're able to book the revenue, et cetera. You think of that versus the level of employee partners that is required to service uniforms, facility services, first aid and safety cabinets, it simply takes more work, right? However, we welcome this shift as it provides more value to the customers than simply a drop ship. It's stickier business and long term, they have better margin. So we like it. We like that switch, and we knew that, that was coming, and we've been staffing for it and guiding for it. 
All that said, as we know, inflation is at a 39-year high. As I mentioned, energy is up 40 basis points. Our investment in growth for today and the future. And if you exclude the onetime gain of our operating -- our onetime gain from last year, our operating margins were up 70 basis points and our incremental margins are quite strong. So we're doing exactly what we had hoped and planned for, I guess, would be the way I would describe it.

Certainly. Health care, they're connected, right? But health care is a vertical, hygiene is subject that crosses all businesses. So as far as the health care vertical, we're continuing to see strong demand. We like what we're providing with scrubs, items to help customers clean patient rooms and other rooms in addition to isolation gowns. So all of that is -- we continue to be very bullish about the health care vertical. 
As far as hygiene, and I'll lump hygiene with sanitization cleanliness, all of that, health and safety. All of that is -- we believe, has been a sea-change and something that is going to be wind at our sails maybe forever, right, because of you see the focus that people have on sanitizing, hygiene, health, safety. We think we can see that in certainly our Uniform Rental, Facility Services segment, but also our First Aid business. People are very focused on the health, safety and wellness of their people and their customers, of their patients and of their guests. And as a result, that's good for us.

Yes, Ashish, the pipeline looks quite strong for all those verticals. We feel good. Our sales organization is operating at a very high level and we really like our new business wins in that area. Our retention is very attractive. So you look at all that, you say our new business wins are very strong. Our retention is very strong. And we are excited for our customers to get back to full strength as well. And we think that bodes well for the future for us.

Yes. Great question. So obviously, investing in technology is one of our top priorities because we see the opportunity to improve efficiencies in our business, operational efficiencies, but also provide items that the customers notice and recognize and make it easier to do business with us. Those are things that we're trying to leverage. I think a good example of technology that we're leveraging is by leveraging SAP and partnering with a communications company. 
We have launched what we call smart tech -- excuse me, Smart Truck technology, which collects and analyzes data to create a much more efficient routing structure. So what this allows us to do is to spend more time with the customers instead of -- and reduce fuel expense instead of driving in between stops. And as we say, we only make money in this business when the wheels stop. When the wheels are moving, that's just expense. 
So we see that as an opportunity to leverage technology to improve operational efficiencies. We have -- as another example, we have launched a portal for our customers that allows them to do business with us online, which is a competitive advantage in the marketplace. What we're seeing is contrary to years ago, people don't always want to do business during normal business hours. What they're interested in is doing business on their time. And what we're seeing is the request that we see from our customers is well over half of their requests are outside of normal business hours. 
So it's making it easier to do business with us. We allow them to make requests changes to their program. We allow them to pay their bills online. All these are items that the customers see as an advantage in the marketplace being easier to do business with, and we get really excited when customers see a technology advantage and find us easier to do business with.

Yes. Andy, this is Todd. Good question. I think it's the normal operation of the business. We're always investing in various items that help our operational efficiencies. And I mentioned the Smart Truck technology that we think is going to be exciting for us. But I think it's just the general leverage that we're getting in the face of what is still a very challenging operating environment. And we're, as Mike said, coming off of a record 310 basis point improvement in margin. We're very excited about that, and we're going to continue to take another step forward this year.

Yes. Toni, this is Todd. Thank you for the question. So yes, we're excited about electrifying the fleet. We are right on schedule as far as what we plan for testing. We have a diverse fleet because of the various types of trucks we have, the rental trucks, the first aid trucks and the fire trucks as well. But we're working with some very large manufacturers at very high levels, and we're excited about the future as it relates to that. 
We think that, that is something that's important to our customers, and it's important to our partners and our employee partners, and we think it will be very important to shareholders as well. So we believe that getting out ahead of this curve is important to us, and we're committed to doing so and dealing with all the challenges that are associated with that -- with the weight of the vehicles that we operate, the size of our fleet and also getting access to the supply, which is why we're working with a diverse group and at high levels. So that way, we're in a good position as an organization.

Yes, Toni. So just as a reminder, M&A is our second priority of capital use right behind investing in our business, and we're excited about M&A of all shapes and sizes. Our -- we're blessed to have a market that is massive in size, meaning, if you think about how many people are wearing -- garments were in uniforms out in the marketplace, it is a significant market. And that's representative of our new business wins that we have. 
So about 2/3 of our -- the new accounts that we bring in are all people that -- are customers that are what we call no programmers. Some people in different industry call them unvended. Nevertheless, when we walk in, they don't have a uniform program and when they walk out, we do. It's a little bit more complicated than that, but that net-net. That being said, that's simply the uniform market. 
Our other markets are just a vast addressable market, whether it's facility services and all the headwind -- or excuse me, all the tailwinds that are behind that business from health, safety, sanitation, hygiene. Same way with the First Aid business. 
And in the Fire business, we see it is obviously a massive market just simply because everybody is required by law to have those products and services. So yes, I think we're in an incredibly good position in all those because of the market size. That leads us to -- we think we're interested in M&A in all of our businesses and are excited about the potential of M&A of small, medium and large because we think the market is such that it is absolutely appropriate.

Okay, Scott, this is Todd. As far as our cabinet, we're constantly bringing out new products for our First Aid cabinet and that is an important component of that business. We offer other services in that business, whether it be AEDs, training and compliance as well as eyewash stations, which are required by OSHA to be serviced appropriately. So all of that is -- we're seeing a return back to a focus on that with our customers, which is exciting to us. 
As far as the cabinet itself, besides the new products that we have launched, it's pretty well a traditional type of situation. Now what is changing is the focus on health and safety of employees, customers, guests, patients, those types of things. And as a result, we think that's good for the First Aid business. And as we've spoken about, the First Aid cabinet business is more predictable, provides more value to the customer than a drop ship type of PPE and is more profitable. So I think as you see that trend of the health and safety continuing and as more people are back to work, then that's going to be very positive for that business.

Yes, Scott, this is Todd. So we're very focused on that. We think that revenue mix will be very positive for us. And we also look at the -- as I mentioned, the wind behind our sails and the focus on health and wellness of folks out in the marketplace is going to be positive. So as we continue to focus on that area, net revenue mix rebalances, then I think you're going to see a nice trend towards more traditional tech margins in that business.

Shlomo, thanks for the question. It's a good question. The operating environment we're in, it's always competitive. Nothing noteworthy though, I would say, in the change. Our revenue retention rates are very strong. And as I mentioned, our new business wins are very strong as well. And they're coming from those new programmers much more so than the competition. 
And I just think it speaks to the vast market out there that we're focused on providing that value to the customers. When we walk in, and I'll just give uniforms an example. When we walk in one of the top areas -- type of things we hear back from customers is, wow, I didn't know you could do all that for what you do it for. So they're surprised. 
One of the other items that we hear is we didn't know that you would be able to service a customer of our size. They might have 10 wearers. And that is something that like an average-sized customer for us, but the perception is, oh, you have to have 100 people, 1,000 people. 
So we're attacking that market because we see that the customer sees value in what we provide. And there are also -- there's a little certainly wind behind our sails on it's tough to attract talent right now. So being able to provide a service like this is something that's attractive to people. And you think about how many people are working out in the marketplace and the fact that we can provide that service to tens of millions of more wearers. It's very exciting for the future. 
And so as a result of how we focus on it, it really -- those competitive pressures, we're more focused on retaining our customers, and we're more focused on growing the market and because it's just so massive.