Thank you, Paul. We are pleased with our start to fiscal 2022. First quarter total revenue grew 8.6% and diluted earnings per share or EPS grew 11.9%. Every business, whether goods-producing or services-providing, has a need for image, safety, friendliness or compliance. Every business has a need Cintas can fulfill to help get them Ready for the Workday. Our financial results are indicative of our strong value proposition and vast total addressable market.
Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment revenue was $1.51 billion, compared to $1.39 billion last year. Organic revenue growth was 8.2%. We expected solid growth over the year prior period in which the economy was in a weakened state. But we also made solid progress on a sequential basis and in total, revenue grew stronger than anticipated. We continue to make measured investments to support our growth.
The labor market remains challenging. U.S. still hasn't recovered 5.3 million pre-pandemic jobs. This represents an opportunity for us. Most of our customers are open. However, most are not operating at the same capacity and employment levels as pre-COVID. We are seeing inflationary signs, including higher cost of freight, energy, wages and supplies. We continue to take actions to minimize the impacts. These include reviewing and challenging our processes and procedures, reduce efficiencies and reduce costs and thoughtfully implementing increases to the pricing of certain products and services in response to higher operational costs.
Our First Aid and Safety Services operating segment revenue for first quarter was $199.1 million compared to $204.5 million last year. First quarter revenue was up against a very difficult comparison. In last year's first quarter, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, personal protective equipment, or PPE, sales were surging, propelling the business to grow organic revenue over 17%. At that time, PPE comprised an outsized percentage of First Aid and Safety Services revenue mix. As discussed on previous earnings calls, the amount of PPE has declined as COVID case counts have fallen from peak levels. However, PPE remains a larger percentage of the revenue mix that was pre-COVID.
Over the same period of time, the recurring First Aid cabinet service business revenue has increased. We welcome this shift in mix because first aid cabinet service business is historically higher profit margin business and more consistent.
Our Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sale businesses are reported in the All Other segment. All Other revenue was $189.7 million compared to $147.7 million last year. The fire business organic revenue growth rate was 17.8%, and the Uniform Direct Sale business growth rate was 68%. Both businesses benefited in part from the increased activity in a period of reduced COVID case counts.
Regarding our balance sheet and cash flow, our financial position remains strong. Recently, on September 15, we paid shareholders $98.8 million in quarterly dividends. The amount per share of common stock paid of $0.95 represents a 26.7% increase over the company's previous quarterly dividend. We continue to allocate capital to improve shareholder return.
I'm proud of the execution of our employees, whom we call partners. They continue to navigate an unsettled environment by focusing on our customers. The COVID-19 pandemic continues, of course, fueled recently by the surge of the Delta variant. We remain well positioned headed into the fall and winter months to provide potentially life-saving items, such as face masks and gloves; to provide hygienically clean garments, such as health care scrubs and isolation gowns; and conduct services, including hand sanitizer dispensing and sanitizing spray services.
Now before turning the call over to Mike, I want to highlight a recent announcement of our ambition to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Cintas was founded on a sustainable business model. Our corporate culture is based on doing what's right and challenging ourselves to improve. We view our ambition to achieve this objective as a natural extension. Also, as part of our steadfast commitment to corporate responsibility, we will soon issue a more robust environmental, social and governance report. We are committed to protecting the environment, enhancing humanity and maintaining accountability.
I will now turn the call over to Mike.

Tim, this is Todd. Thanks for the question. Well, certainly, our performance in Q1 exceeded our expectations, but we like the momentum that we see in our business. Our -- we like the new business that is a driver of growth for us. And we're providing more products and services to our customers, so to those who are open and hopefully, they'll be back to full strength here very shortly. But in general, yes, we like the momentum that we see in our businesses.

Well, great question, Tim. Certainly, the hospitality business is -- well, so far down, hospitality was -- that it's coming back and it's coming back nicely. I wouldn't use the word stall it out by any stretch. Certainly, there is a bit of a tail to that. So orders aren't received and shipped in real time, meaning that they make those decisions about staffing. There's a process, they place the orders, we ship them, et cetera. So there's a little bit of a tail there.
But we still like what we see in the hospitality business. Certainly, they are anxious about business travel coming back, convention travel specifically, but the -- in general, the hospitality business is doing so much better. And -- but they're a little bit anxious, right, about how things will be impacted because of the variant, but also when will business travel come back.
As far as the other areas, health care continues to do well for us. We've talked about those offerings that we have, and they really resonate with those folks. So whether it's helping them clean their facilities, helping with isolation gowns, scrubs, et cetera, all that is very attractive for folks.
And I'd just like to take a moment to talk about what we compete with in those markets, in many cases, is disposables. And with the focus on ESG, that value proposition of providing an item that is essentially relaundered and recycled is very attractive, separate from the economics of it. It's very attractive for the health care institutions and many institutions to say, "Well, you can provide me a product that doesn't just go to landfill after a use." So again, that value proposition is very much resonating.

Well, Andy, first off, thanks for your question. Our partners in that area of the business really appreciate you calling it out and citing that their performance is really, really good. You're right. The comps are -- were more than reasonable because of what happened to the hospitality business, in particular, last summer. But our revenue is coming back very nicely there, hence, the revenue growth. But -- and we're getting leverage over the organization staffing levels that we have in place. And Mike cited that we had a sale of an asset that occurred in that area.
So -- but in total, if you put it all together, we see -- you shouldn't anticipate that level of increase in the future. But nevertheless, we like the leverage we have there. And we think we're well positioned. Our organization is -- was, as you can imagine, right-sized as a result of what occurred last summer. And we think we're in a really good spot and -- to capture opportunities in the marketplace and gain leverage on our investment.

Yes, Andy, first of all, you can't open up a newspaper without hearing about wages and pressure in the market on labor. So we are certainly not immune from that nor are our customers. And so we are battling it every single day in staffing at levels that we feel very good about in our business.
And as far as our customers, I mean it's really difficult to say -- to put a number on it. It varies so much based upon geographies and industries, because the restaurant business is certainly -- they're nowhere near back to where I think they -- hopefully, will be someday and certainly not back to where they were pre-COVID. As an example, warehousing and distribution is back very, very nicely and probably at or above pre-COVID levels.
In total, we're certainly down from pre-pandemic levels. And I think we're a representative of the 5-point-something million jobs that we have less in the U.S. versus pre-COVID. So we're anxious for our customers to get back to previous levels. And when we think about labor and we think about those functions, we always focus more about how it impacts our customers, we'll figure things out and how to manage it.

Yes. The latest number I saw from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that they reported out earlier this month was 10.9 million job openings. So I don't know how many of those would be people that would wear a Cintas uniform and utilize items out of our first aid cabinets, et cetera, but we'd like to see those all be filled.

So Manav, I'll start, and then Mike can assist with this. Certainly, energy costs are increasing. We're seeing that, whether it's at the pump, natural gas to run our facilities. But we've worked really hard on efficiencies in routing in our production facilities to maximize efficiencies there to mitigate all of that. And we're -- I think we're doing a very good job there.
Wages, we talked a little bit about. But we have discussed in previous earnings calls that we've been addressing this wage issue with particular focus on our frontline partners over the past couple of years. So we weren't flatfooted when it came into this wage subject. We're continuing to address it. We've got to be very competitive in the marketplace to attract the right partners on our team, and we're doing that. And we're going to be able to continue to navigate that successfully. And then as you can imagine, we've been very diligent about managing discretionary spend. There is some travel that is back, but certainly not near the levels that they were pre-COVID.
Mike, anything else?

Great question, Manav. We're active and acquisitive in every business we're in. We'll say that activity has ramped up here in the back half of the year, probably anticipation of tax changes, et cetera. But nevertheless -- so we like the activity. We have -- we are in a great financial position. We love our balance sheet and right after investing in our existing facilities to help grow those organizations, our #2 use of capital is for M&A. And so we're very acquisitive and looking very active, and looking forward to closing on more deals in the near future.

Hamzah, I wouldn't think of it as a catch-up. And we had not raised price in 2 years. But these are -- Mike mentioned, these are strategic decisions. Their pricing is a local subject. It really gets down to what type of -- what industry is that business in, what even geography are they in, and what condition of their -- is their business and to be able to handle it, so that we're able to be fair with our customers as we look out. Meaning, that there are certain organizations that are -- their business is doing a whole lot better than others. And we're conscious of that.
But as far as the conversations, again, that would depend upon the particular business. But it does make the conversation easier when inflation is so much in the headlines. So that certainly gives us a little benefit. But these conversations are -- they're never easy, right? Because from our customer standpoint, it's a tough subject. And -- but we're focused on the long-term value of those customer relationships, and we handle them appropriately.

Yes, Hamzah. So a few items on SAP that -- where we're benefiting from. Certainly, one view of the customer is significant for us and that helps us with cross-sell. And we know when we do that, when we are able to provide more products and services, the customer sees more value. And when they see more value, it's a better retention tool for us. So that's been significant for us and has been and will continue to be moving forward.
We get some other, certainly, advantage from a data analytics standpoint, the cash cycle, those types of subjects. But some other items that I think you might be able to see out in the marketplace is routing efficiencies are a real opportunity for us. We are focused on that from a dollar efficiency from our ambition on the 2050 net-zero emissions. And we see that we can advance that subject, advance up all much further than we have in the past by bringing technology to that. So that will be exciting.
The other item is, with SAP, it allows for us to have an online experience for our customers that they haven't had in the past. And what we realized is that our customers want -- they don't all want to communicate with us the way that they did when I started with the company 32 years ago, meaning they don't want to just have to call during working hours. They want to do business when they want to do business, whether that's to pay a bill, whether that's to communicate a request, to order something, those types of items are all -- we want to make it easier to do business with us. And on our online presence, and we call it My Cintas, allows for our customers to do just that. So providing more value to them, more conduits for them to communicate with us, instead of having to do it in the old traditional 9-to-5 type model. So those are significant for us.
Another operational item would be our ability to speed up the process from when we see an order from a customer -- receive an order from a customer to when we can get it out to them. Having that transparency throughout our supply chain is an absolute advantage where we can anticipate better. And even once we receive the order, get it out the door faster than what we were historically. And so that efficiency shows up to the customer in speed to market and then able to get them products and -- faster than we had in the past. So we want to leverage that system. And I think we've done that quite nicely to date, but there will be more coming.

George, I'll start, but I'd say two significant drivers of growth for us have been new business. It's still quite robust. Our value proposition is resonating very much. And many companies are still struggling with staffing. As we cited earlier, 10.9 million job openings. And when you're struggling with staffing and you can find a company like Cintas, you can outsource certain functions too, it makes it very attractive. So they look at it and say, wow, you can take care of these items and maybe they were a do-it-yourself in the past, so that resonates with them. So that's been quite nice.
Most of -- and moving on to another driver, most of our customers were, I'd say, are open and probably were open going into the first quarter. But we are providing more products and services to them. We are, again, anxious for them to get back to their preemployment levels, and we think that will be even better. But new business and then I'd say, again, adds within our current customers are two significant drivers for us that we think will continue to help us throughout the year.

Ashish, thanks for the comments and the question. We have our sales and service organization well positioned to offer the various products and services. Again, they have tools that allow them to understand where those opportunities exist. They're certainly not perfect, but they are allowing them to get pointed in the right direction to help provide that value to the customers. And as I mentioned, the more value -- or excuse me, the more products and services we provide to the customer, we know that stickier that relationship will be, just like most relationships, right? If it's just one product, it's probably more at risk than having two and so on and so forth.
So it's very much a point of focus. When you think about our relationships, every single customer, virtually, needs our fire surface, right, because of the legal requirements around that subject. But we see very nice overlap with those who would -- who are uniform customers who would need some direct sale their uniform rental. And we also see overlap with those who are uniform rental customers who would need First Aid and Safety products, training, CPR, all the various items that we provide.
So it's -- our big issue has been in the past that our customers weren't aware of everything we provided. And that's a nice problem to have, but nevertheless, it's still very much a problem for us. And we're trying to change that position in the marketplace that our customers realize that not just through our sales and service organizations but also through our mass media spend, which you may have seen this past weekend where we had a significant position on -- in golf's Ryder Cup, where we're trying to get the message out about all the products and services we provide. And not a complete one-stop shop for a business, but we sure do get them a long ways on that path. Mike, anything else on this?

Gary, a very good question. I guess the way I'd describe it is we're having to run at higher RPMs to get the output that we want. So it's harder. There's no doubt about it. Attracting, retaining and developing the talent is core to what we do as a company, and we're working that much harder now to get to the levels that we want to be at.
So are we staffed at the levels we want to be at? Yes. Yes, we like our staffing position. Turnover is still very manageable. And I think it speaks to many, many things. Certainly, the total compensation that we provide, the attractive benefits, but it really speaks to the culture and the investment that we put in to people, because for so many partners that have grown up in the company and have advanced in the company, and that's part of our culture. So we've always had to be really good at painting a picture for people about, this is where you start, but we will invest and develop you. And we're having to work harder at it, but it's still resonating with folks. And so that's where we are now.

Yes, Gary, what Mike spoke of, it was a significant portion of our First Aid and Safety business. There was certainly some revenue that went through our rental business sold on route, that was for PPE, but nowhere near the amount as a percentage that would go through our First Aid business. So is there some there today? There's a little bit, but it's not significant whatsoever.
So -- and as far as when we look out about demand, we're still in a good spot if the demand is there for those types of products and services. We're managing that inventory. And there is still demand. We sure hope, as a country and as North America, as a world that, that is -- that will be diminishing over the course of the balance of our fiscal year. So our guide takes all that into account. And we're focused on building the core of our business. And -- but if our customers need those types of products and services, we're there for them, and we will help them with this.

Scott, a couple of obvious ones for us, I mentioned routing. That is obviously a significant one that we think is going to pay dividends for us. Scott Farmer always spoke about, we don't generate any revenue when the wheels are turning on our trucks, right? We generate revenue when the wheels stop. And we see an opportunity to improve that efficiency and that we're investing in technology there to do so, and we're excited about the impact that will have not only on our cost structure, but also on our emissions as we move forward.
In the production facilities, we are managing very tightly our wash alley and making sure that we have much better efficiencies there, meaning we're tracking very closely the number of loads that go through our facilities versus the quantity that went through pre-COVID on the same playing field, meaning same amount of volume that's going through. And we put some technology in place to help us with that instead of just doing it through elbow grease. And as a result, we're seeing some real benefits there. And again, that will help us in our cost structure, but also in our emissions. And so we're focused on making sure that we're managing that very tightly, and we're seeing some benefits there.

Scott, we are -- as I mentioned, we're active, and it takes two to dance, and we're seeing more folks at the dance as anecdotally, my guess is because of tax reform. And as a result, we think more deals will come through. Now, that being said, we are in a great position on our balance sheet. And we are ready, willing and able to activate that balance sheet as appropriate that is best for the long-term value for our organization.
And just as a reminder, the #1 priority for our capital is, has been and will continue to be the investment into our current business to help grow the sales and profits of our organization, whether that's through additional products and services, additional facilities, training, staffing levels, all those is our #1 priority. And then after that, #2 is M&A, and we're steadfast in that commitment, and we'll allocate appropriately. 
And then thereafter, then we'll return it to the shareholders as available in the form of stock buyback and dividends. And I think we've got a really good track record of managing those priorities appropriately and intelligently for the long-term value.