Thank you, Mike. As Scott stated, COVID-19 remains a significant disruption to the economy. Every business in U.S. and Canada has been impacted. Many of our customers that have remained open are not yet operating at the same level of business as before the pandemic started because of the virus' negative impact on health and the economy. 
Our employee partners continue to work with urgency to offset these headwinds. Over the past couple of quarters, we have provided some examples of their interactions with both new and existing customers to give a better understanding. Many of those examples highlighted customers in the industries of health care, education and state and local government and products and services, including scrubs, hand sanitizer service and masks. 
During the second quarter of the fiscal year, the amount of Uniform Rental and Facility Services new business sold to health care, education and government customers is double the amount in the prior year period. And the amount of first aid, fire and other new businesses sold to customers in health care, education and government is 6x the amount sold in the same period last year. And some of this new business is reoccurring and some may not repeat. 
Nevertheless, the results are really impressive. Also, the number of scrub dispensing machines installed in our first 2 quarters doubled last year's number. And since the virus appeared, our employee partners have provided businesses with over 350,000 hand sanitizer dispensers and over 125 million masks. I'm truly in awe of the accomplishments of our team in this challenging time, and I'm excited about the opportunities for Cintas post pandemic, which seems to be finally appearing on the horizon. 
With that, I'll turn now to the second quarter financial performance of our businesses. Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment includes the rental and servicing of uniforms, health care scrubs, masks and towels in the provision of restroom supplies and other facility products and services. This segment also includes the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route. 
Uniform Rental and Facility Services revenue was $1.41 billion compared to $1.47 billion last year. Our Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment gross margin was 47.5% for the second quarter compared to 46.6% in last year's second quarter. Higher inventory amortization expense of 80 basis points was more than offset by the benefits of lower production and service expense as a percent of revenue. 
Our First Aid and Safety Services operating segment includes revenue from the sale and servicing of first aid products, safety products, personal protective equipment and training. This segment's revenue for the second quarter was $194.4 million compared to $169.7 million last year. The First Aid segment gross margin was 43.0% in the second quarter compared to 48.4% in last year's second quarter. 
Lower production and service expenses as a percent of revenue compared to last year's second quarter were more than offset by higher cost of goods sold from the increased proportion of revenue from personal protective equipment, such as masks and gloves. 
Our Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sales businesses are reported in the All Other category. Our fire business historically grows each year at a strong pace. Uniform Direct Sales business growth rates are generally low single digits and are subject to volatility, just as when we install a multimillion-dollar account. Uniform Direct Sales, however, is a key business for us and its customers are often significant opportunities to cross-sell and provide products and services from our other business units. 
All Other revenue was $152.1 million compared to $204.1 million last year. The fire business organic revenue declined 3.3% due to the inability to access some businesses because of closures. Uniform Direct Sales business organic revenue declined 51.2%. Revenue from our airline, cruise line, hospitality and gaming customers largely falls within this segment. These industries continue to be among the hardest hit by the pandemic. 
That concludes our prepared remarks. We're happy to answer your questions.

Seth, this is Todd. Regarding the First Aid business, certainly, there are some PPE-type items that are still very challenging to get. We are -- we've been blessed to be in a good inventory position to help our customers out with those items. But PPE is in short supply. It's had some impact on cost to us in those cases. But again, we've looked at it with a long lens, and we've invested appropriately. And our customers really appreciate the fact that we've been able to provide products and services such as PPE and other items to help them get through this challenging time.

George, this is Todd. Just to build off a couple of items that Scott mentioned. Our no programmer as a business as a percent of our total remains quite consistent. What is changing is it is allowing us to get audiences, the folks, customers and prospects that we haven't had in the past in many cases because of the access we have to critical products and services that they need to provide to their business and within their business to either their customers or to their employees, both. So that they can have confidence to come to work and for people to come into their business. 
Scott spoke about some in the medical area have been very successful, the isolation gowns, hands sanitizer, sanitizer wipes, disinfectant wipes, scrubs, are all -- are seeing great demand. Scott mentioned that the isolation gowns were -- that was virtually -- almost the entire market was a direct purchase market -- purchase disposable market, probably the best way to describe it. 
And what we've done with isolation gowns has been very attractive to our prospects and our customers. It's a green service, right? We're not just throwing it in the trash, we're using it. It saves them significant money. The availability of them instead of folks struggling to get isolation gowns and being panicked over trying to take care of their patients. What we -- the garments that we're providing are more comfortable than what they've been wearing in the past. 
And then lastly, we brought some technology to that business so that we can track exactly how many times those garments have been processed so that we can meet the specifications that are detailed out for such a product. So that's been a big win. And a lot of health care customers are very, very interested in that. And we mentioned in our previous earnings release that the demand for scrubs has been up very nicely. 
People are uncomfortable, in many cases, wearing those home, washing those at home and whom they come in contact with on the way to home makes people a little uncomfortable. So all that has been quite good demand. In those cases, we consider there's no programmers. We might be doing some business with those health care organizations, but we're expanding that relationship dramatically.

Sure. Okay. Great. Yes, Mario, I would say, in the health care market, depends upon what area within the health care area, acute, nonacute; even, frankly, into what department you're speaking of. But generally speaking, iso gowns, scrubs, et cetera, those are direct purchase market. In the case of iso gown disposable, the most common way people procure those products, linen companies certainly are in that space, those who provide services to those types of customers. 
But if I -- generally I'd describe it to be it's a direct purchase or disposable market with any reusables would be traditionally with a linen type companies would be the most common experience. 
As far as the scrub dispensing, it's been going extremely well for our business and our customers. The demand is there because it's a -- well, I think most people can see the experience where you go into a grocery store and you see people wearing scrubs, right? And those belong to the hospital normally. And what happens is because folks struggle to get an access to scrub, they tend to hoard them. And as they hoard them, then they have to buy more scrubs. And when they do that, and they're in that tough situation, they tend to buy the cheapest scrub they can because they end up disappearing. 
And we completely change the value proposition there. We provide a scrub that people want to wear, not just have to wear. It's comfortable, attractive. And we're continuing to invest in that area and come out with better technology around the fabrics, et cetera. And it makes it completely accessible, meaning there's a complete accountability. So when you want a scrub, you can get it. You have complete access and then it's laundered for you, so they don't have to take it home. So it has been really attractive for our health care customers. And as I mentioned in the opening remarks, we've installed twice the amount of scrubs that we did last year at the same time so far through Q2. So great momentum, and we're very encouraged.

Scott, if I may. Manav, just a couple of items on that regarding our approach with our customers. Scott mentioned pricing hasn't -- recurring revenue pricing hasn't gone up in 18 months-plus. And our approach to our customers was to be -- we call it caring, consistent and flexible, meaning we know it's a very challenging time for our customer base and our prospect base. 
So we wanted to take the appropriate approach. Scott mentioned that it's showing up in our customer satisfaction scores, which we track via Net Promoter Scores. And we look at it as what's the lifetime value of those customers, and we want to have those customers for a lifetime and not take a short-term approach. And I think, again, that's showing up in our Net Promoter Scores, and I think it's going to show up long term in how customers look at us.

Tim, this is Todd. Thanks for the question. Employee, what we call partner, retention is never easy. But I would say that our performance since the start of the pandemic has been impressive. The results are continuing to improve. We have -- our partner base is an impressive group of folks who are relentless, creative and very proud of what they're doing on a daily basis to help businesses function in this environment and function successfully. So there's a an esprit de corps in the organization that they're very proud of what they do. And we've got a great group of leaders and frontline partners, all throughout that we're very happy with. And so yes, it's going quite well, and we're really encouraged about that as we move through. 
When you go through really hard things, right, and this -- going through this pandemic has been extremely challenging, not just for ourselves, but for, I'd say, well, you can say the world, right, it's been very challenging. But it makes you better, makes you stronger. And we have found out a lot about our partners and how resilient they are, and it's been a real pleasure.

Gary, happy to clarify. So both -- I was speaking of both -- excuse me, 2 different sectors. One for rental, our rental and facility services business, those sectors, the health care, education and government, new business is up double in that area. And in the case of First Aid, fire and other, our new business, again, for health care, education and government is up 6x. 
Now as I mentioned in the opening remarks, not all of that will be repeating, some will not. But nevertheless, we're really, really encouraged by how well we're doing in those areas of our business.

Yes. So in total, our new business is very good. We're very encouraged by that. The trend lines are great. The productivity is at an all-time high. It's replacing a lot of revenue for customers that are closed. And for those -- it's also replacing a lot of revenue for customers who are maybe open, but certainly not at the same levels as what we'd expected in a more normalized type of economy.

Kevin, this is Todd. As an example of that, we mentioned that -- in a previous call that there's a large national bank chain that we were doing zero business with, and now we're providing hand sanitizer to every single branch that they have. And we're -- in addition to that, we're talking to them about other facilities products that they are in need of. We're also talking to them about our fire service, which, as you can imagine, they need all of that. It's just a matter of where they're getting it from and centralizing spend, in many cases, saving money. So that's just one example of what is occurring hundreds of times every single day out there with our sales and service organization. 
And Scott mentioned, it really positions us well because there's people in the past who really didn't -- wouldn't take our calls. And now they will because of our inventory position and our infrastructure, and that helps position us for the long term in a really healthy manner.

Yes, Shlomo, this is Todd. We mentioned in our most recent quarterly release that customers when they buy large orders of PPE, whether it's a government, a school system, it could be health care, it could be up and down the street business, they tend to make a large buy and then they go into maintenance mode from there. 
And some of those large buys were in our Q1. There were some in Q2. Some of those that bought in Q1 are now in maintenance mode, and we're in Q2. So it's a real mix. And trying to predict for those folks, how long they're going to need those products and services, the access to them is -- it's a dynamic marketplace. So again, that's why we're very good -- why we've invested for our customers and these inventory levels to help them with that. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit more color.