Thank you, Paul. Our third quarter financial results were led by a strong revenue increase of 10.3%. The benefits of our strong top line growth flowed through to our bottom line. Excluding the onetime gain recorded in this year's third quarter selling and administrative expenses, operating income margin increased 90 basis points from 18.4% to 19.3%, and EPS grew 13.5% from $2.37 to $2.69. Our financial results are indicative of our compelling value proposition. Businesses prioritize all we provide, including image, cleanliness, safety and compliance, and challenged with labor scarcity and rising costs, businesses increasingly turned to Cintas to help them get Ready for the Workday.
I'm especially pleased with our financial results because they were achieved in a period in which U.S. inflation hit a 40-year high. Inflation is high and broad, and one need not look any further than the corner gas station to see it. We have been able to navigate this challenging time and delivered increased operating margins and EPS by productively selling new business, penetrating existing customers with more products and services, providing excellent service while driving operational efficiencies and obtaining incremental price increases from our customer base.
As we grow via new business, we achieve operating leverage, better negotiating leverage with suppliers, denser routes and more volume in our plants. As we penetrate existing customers, we realize even stronger incremental operating margins. I thank our employees, whom we call partners, for their continued focus on our customers, our shareholders and each other.
Turning now to our business units. The Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment revenue for the third quarter of fiscal '22 was $1.55 billion compared to $1.42 billion last year. Organic revenue growth was 8.9%. Our newest vertical strategies of health care, education and state and local government continue to post leading revenue growth rates. However, there are opportunities for us in all verticals. Businesses in all sectors are struggling to fill open positions. There are about 11 million job openings in the U.S. alone. Businesses remain concerned with their ability to properly sanitize, even as COVID infections decrease. Additionally, businesses are shedding noncore competencies to reduce costs and minimize the impacts of inflation. For these reasons and others, businesses are increasingly outsourcing to Cintas.
Our First Aid and Safety Services operating segment revenue for the third quarter was $213.0 million compared to $198.5 million last year. Organic revenue growth was 6.2%, which is a nice improvement from last quarter's 3.2%. This improvement reflects the growing momentum of our first aid cabinet business which grew 22% in the third quarter. We welcome this mix shift because it is a more consistent revenue stream and has higher profit margins.
Third quarter revenue growth improved despite a difficult comparison. In last year's third quarter, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, sales of personal protective equipment, or PPE, were very high, and the business grew organic revenue 17.7%. At that time, PPE comprise an outsized percentage of First Aid and Safety Services revenue mix. The amount of PPE has declined year-over-year as expected. However, COVID infections are still prevalent. In fact, we sold about $15 million in a new product, which is COVID test kits, in this year's third quarter. PPE remains a larger percentage of the revenue mix than it was pre-COVID.
Our Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sale businesses are reported in the All Other segment. All Other revenue was $194.3 million compared to $160.7 million last year. The fire business organic revenue growth rate was 15.3%, and the Uniform Direct Sale business organic growth rate was 48.7%. Both businesses have bounced back as expected.
I'd like to comment on another -- one of our strengths, namely cash flow. Third quarter operating cash flow increased 18.5% from last year. In this year's third quarter, $105 million was used for acquisitions. On March 15, we paid shareholders $99 million in quarterly dividends. And during the quarter and through March 22, 2022, Cintas purchased $584.2 million of Cintas common stock under our buyback program. We continue to allocate capital in many ways to improve shareholder return. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow enable us to do so consistently.
Finally, I want to share some great news on our technology front. Our ERP provider, SAP, extended membership in their strategic customer program to Cintas. This is an exclusive program. Only 1% of SAP's customers have membership in it. Inclusion in the program enables us to engage directly with top management of SAP and gain access to its developers and new technologies to realize valuable outcomes for our customers, suppliers and employees. This program will speed the pace of our transformation into a more data dynamic and process-efficient business.
I'll now turn the call over to Mike.

Sure, Alex. Thanks for the question. Our vertical strategy is working quite well. You mentioned the hospitality sector. It is certainly bouncing back. If you -- what you read in the news, bookings are up in the airlines and the hospitality sector. So yes, so that's bouncing back. And I think the results in our direct sale business, which is in large part, tied to -- certainly, to a percentage, tied to the hospitality area, the results are outstanding.
So -- but in our other verticals, we're having very good success in each of those. And in the health care, specifically, we see a -- we're very much in the early innings. But we have products and services that are compelling to that customer base. And we're continuing to evolve and create new products and new technologies that we're integrating there. So as a result, we're very bullish on our strategy in that area, with our focus in that area, and I think the results are reflective.

Yes. Hamzah, certainly, being virtually on one system now, it is certainly helping our transparency into cross-selling. What I'll tell you is, again, we're in the early innings of cross-sell. There is a -- our ability to add product, we have a really long runway in that area. Just to get to even a reasonable level of penetration, where we feel excited about it, there is a long, long runway to penetrating our customers with our existing products separate from what we're going to bring into the marketplace in the future, which is we're always working on new products and services. So we feel good about that. So it's certainly improving, but very much in the early innings of that -- on that subject.

Sure, Hamzah. We -- as we noted, M&A was good in the third quarter of our -- the investment we've made in acquiring businesses. We're highly acquisitive. The pipeline looks attractive. It takes different reasons for different companies to transact. You can't always predict that timing, but we are very much a willing buyer and of all shapes and sizes. We're very, very acquisitive and interested in making deals. So we're ready, willing and able to continue to move forward in that area.

Thanks for the question. Certainly expected that inflation and input costs would be something that we would want to be talking about. So we have -- so I have a few examples I'd like to talk about regarding the items that we are -- steps that we're taking to mitigate input costs. But inflation is -- yes, it's certainly challenging. It's very much there. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, whether it's fuel or other areas, input costs are real. But we are -- we're being very active in taking proactive steps to make sure that we are mitigating that type of exposure.
You mentioned pricing. So certainly, pricing is a component of our strategy, but it is -- by no means is it the only strategy to combat pricing -- or excuse me, to combat inflation. So we are -- we're taking other steps. And they almost all involve technology. And these were all initiatives that we have been working on. However, due to the inflation subject, we decided to pull them forward and go faster with them. And individually, they are not massive movers, but collectively, they certainly add up.
So I'll go through a few of those that I think might help provide a little color. First off, I mentioned in, I think, our last call that we have invested in routing technology that is proprietary and really fits our business well. And as long as I've been with the company, it seems like we have tried about every routing software out there, and we finally said we're going to build it ourselves. We're going to do it. It's going to fit with SAP, and it will be -- because we have a unique routing structure. So we did that.
And I'm very thankful that over the past couple of years, we've invested in that technology. We've rolled out across the organization, and we're executing on it. Now we -- very important, right? We recognize that we only generate revenue when the truck stops. When it stops at our customers' place of business, that's when we can generate revenue. So we've got to be more efficient. And I'm really pleased with that investment.
Certainly, it takes time. There's -- we are very conscious of any customer disruption, but we're trying to go faster with that subject. And again, we're blessed that we made the investment. And if we didn't have it, then it would put much more pressure on the organization with the inflation subject. So again, very pleased that we have that.
We've also -- from a technology standpoint, we invested in some -- in automation. We now have 3 different processes for how to implement automation into our uniform processing facilities. And this provides us flexibility we didn't have in the past. That flexibility is meaning we can deploy one of those based upon a number of factors, really gets into the footprint of the facility and the number of pieces going through. But we've pivoted on this subject as well to go faster because of what's going on with labor costs, certainly. So we're able to automate our facilities in a sped-up fashion.
And then I've got a couple of others that I'll talk about. We now -- we've invested in technology through SAP that allows us to have a centralized dashboard and look at all of our rental processing facilities and understand how they're operating on a daily basis, a real-time basis from an efficiency and effectiveness standpoint. So in the past, we had to go physically see these facilities to understand if they're operating in the manner that we expect. But now we have this real-time dashboard, and it allows us to know how we're doing. And as a result, there's more accountability and we're getting better. That allows us to improve the efficiencies within our business.
And I've got a few others, but one other I'll give you is we are -- because of the technology we have with SAP now, we're seeing a real nice impact in our ability to share our used inventory of garments across all of our locations. This is due to our stock rooms, which is where we house our used inventory at each of our locations, having real-time inventory tracking and all being on that same system of SAP. So what it allows us to do is to gain better use of the inventory that was in the past, dedicated solely to the individual locations customer base.
Now we can spread it out across a much larger customer base. And we -- and it also allows us, with nonstock sizes, to look at where the product is and get it faster to our customers. So I could go on, but I hope -- hopefully, that gives you a few examples of items that -- proactive steps that we are taking to mitigate the inflation. Because, again, as I mentioned, it's real, it's challenging, but I'm highly confident the organization will be able to manage through this as we have in the past.

Yes. Certainly, George, our customers aren't being impacted by supply chain. That's slowing them a bit. But -- and we care passionately about how our customers are -- how their business are doing because it obviously has a dynamic impact on us. But as I mentioned earlier, the challenges that our customers are facing was staffing and labor costs. They're looking for ways to outsource, and we're beneficiaries of that. We are certainly excited about supply chain issues abating and our customers being able to go even faster. But it -- but to date, that's a bit of a headwind, but we have the tailwind of the outsourcing and the benefits we're seeing there.

Thanks, Ashish, for the question. I'll start, if Mike wants to contribute as well. We -- certainly, we -- again, being on one technology platform gives us the ability to use large amounts of data to analyze. And -- but pricing is -- it's a local subject. It's a customer-by-customer subject, industry by industry. And -- but it does give us -- the technology does give us the ability to look more strategically at our customer base to make sure we're making really good, long-term decisions.
So we feel good about that. We've had that in place, and we've taken that approach over the past couple of years, and we'll continue that approach and make sure that we're not just making sweeping decisions, but they're more targeted decisions that are more strategic.

Agree, Mike. Thank you. And -- but just to point out, the -- clearly, the majority of our growth is coming from more volume growth, not pricing, and it is due to the value that we're adding to customers and new business that we're selling, ads and penetrating our customer base. That's where the majority of our growth is coming from clearly.

Ashish, in addition, I mentioned earlier about the centralized dashboard that allows us to understand how our locations are functioning, at what level of efficiency. That speaks directly to energy usage in our production facilities. So the more efficient we are, the lower the consumption of the energy, certainly per pound specifically.
And then I didn't mention, but we have also -- over the past couple of years, we've invested in converting out all of our locations to LED lighting, which helps in our ESG journey, that helps with the consumption of energy and helps reduce some cost. So it's also a cost mitigation subject. So -- and we're looking at other items in that area to reduce energy consumption in our production facility.

Andy, we're -- we always have job postings, openings. We're growing. And as I mentioned earlier, we're growing our volume very attractively. So there's more work, and we're really pleased about that. So -- and the labor market is challenging, trying to get the levels that we're at. We're running at higher RPMs to get there, not speaking of -- when I say higher RPMs, our management team is working harder to get there. But we like our staffing levels, and we will continue to plan to invest in that area.
We like our productivity that we're seeing from our partners in all areas of our business. And I think that speaks in large part to our culture, where our folks are -- they get up earlier, they work harder, they work later. And as a result -- we have a strategic competitive advantage in the marketplace as a result of that. But yes, we're conscious of -- we're trying to add roles, and we're doing it quite successfully. It's never good enough, as you know, from a leadership standpoint, but we're focused on it.

Tim, thanks for the question. We have 1 million customers or more. So the answer is you name it, we've got it. But generally, what I'll speak to is our agreements allow us to raise price and raise price as appropriate. And when we do so, our approach is we do that once a year. It doesn't mean that they all happen on the same day. They may be spread out throughout the year, but the conversation is once a year with the customer. And we have found that, that is -- our commitment to our customers is to handle it in that manner.
They like that. Our partners like that. And it's -- in these inflationary times, as Mike mentioned earlier, those conversations are going better than they normally have, and they are, just because inflation is front and center of everything, every newspaper that I look at. So -- but our approach is once a year with the customer, and we've been sticking by that, and we plan to continue to stick by that commitment to them.

Manav, certainly, we are seeing a higher level, we call it, churn through our customer base, meaning we see people that -- one customer and they end up at the other customer, and that is at a higher level than it has been in the past. So -- but nevertheless, we like the trend that we're seeing with our customer base and the ad stops trends that we're seeing. That's positive. And just as I mentioned, it seems like it's harder for businesses right now. Everybody is having to work a little bit more at it, and productivity has to be a little bit better, but we are certainly seeing more churn of our -- within our customer base than we did historically.

Thanks for the question, Scott. We -- how we approach it, as I mentioned, it's once a year, but it's a relatively smoothed out throughout the year. And as we've talked about in the past, some of it depends upon the condition of that customer, how their business is, that industry, that geography. And as time goes on, hopefully, that will become a lot more consistent.
But no, I think what you're seeing, as far as our volume growth and the pricing wins that we're getting, I think you'll see that be pretty consistent in the future. I don't think you'll see an outsized percentage coming from pricing next year and the coming weeks, months or something like that because of how we approach it. And again, we're very, very happy with the level of demand that we're seeing from our customer base. It's very attractive for us. We're investing appropriately for it, and we're very pleased.

Great. Great. Yes. We're very proud of the relationship we have with SAP, and it goes back a number of years now. And it is something that they bestowed upon us. Our relationship has been flourishing over the past few years because of the degree to which we deploy their technology and the usefulness that we get out of it. So I think they really like seeing how we leverage their technology. And as a result, it gets us, as I mentioned -- it's -- we're in a different stratosphere. And you think about SAP's customer base and then you think about that we're being in the top 1%, it's unique air.
And so as I mentioned, it does get us relationships at very high levels. There's an SAP Board member that is assigned to us as a customer. We have relationships, again, obviously, at really, really high levels. But it gets us access to their developers and to their technologies on the front end instead of it being rolled out and then we got to figure out -- we can have input and instead of just having something roll out and then we got to figure out how to manage through the change.
So when you're in that 1%, you have the ear of those folks and allows you to impact where those items go. So as a result, we think that's an advantage for us. And we're very pleased with it and very pleased with our investment with SAP, and we're seeing real dividends from that as we -- I think, we've laid out over the past few quarters.

Shlomo, great question. Our customers are -- for the most part, they're all open. Certainly, there are some that are -- unfortunately, that did not survive through the pandemic and the challenges that, that threw at folks. But our customers are all -- I'll say they're open. They're not all at the same levels of consumption that they once were. Some are higher, some are lower. But we think there's still some more opportunity there as the economy opens up and to a larger degree as people are back more to work to a larger degree. So we think that's positive.
And we think there's also some hidden benefits that we can get from the fact that during the -- throughout the pandemic, as we've talked about, the customers see us in a different light. How we handled their accounts, how we handled their invoices, their -- the lack of increases, the flexibility that we provided, but also the access to product that they didn't even know that we provided in the past.
So Shlomo, that is an advantage for us. The fact that they look at it and they say, "Wow, we didn't realize Cintas provided these items." They can get them. They're great to work with. They're consistent, and they're reasonable. So as a result, that, I think, sets a different level of -- different pool level. And -- but we still think there's even more opportunities within that customer base where folks -- where they will get back to a spend level where they once were. So we think the future looks quite attractive from that standpoint.

Yes. Toni, I appreciate the question. The -- as I mentioned earlier, we have such a broad customer base that you name it, we have it from a contractual standpoint. Generally speaking, we have the ability to raise price and no limits and do so as we deem appropriate. We -- fundamentally and practically, how we've handled it is we go in and we talk to the customer once a year and explain what the adjustment -- the price adjustment is, and we manage through that.
So -- but no, we're not limited. Certainly, do we have some certain customers that we have limits on? Absolutely. But generally speaking, no, we're not limited from that standpoint. It's more about making good, long-term, practical decisions that help us retain those customers for life.
And while we're at it, I'll just -- I will say, our customer retention rates are really attractive right now. They've been -- they have been since -- for the past couple of years and they're -- they have certainly not degraded. So we're excited about that. I think in large part, it's our approach, Toni, that we take on this subject about the flexibility, the pricing, the reasonableness, and we have good conversations that, I think, people understand, and we can manage through it.

Sure. So hospitality is obviously, as you're reading in the journal and other periodicals, it's -- bookings are way up for those folks there. So that's bounced back nicely. Health care has been some stops and starts, but the demand for our products have been very consistent. And through the pandemic, the -- us being -- having product available was a big deal. And the movement towards getting away from -- in many cases, as folks looking at and saying, "Hey, we don't want a onetime disposable. They're hard to access, not great for the environment, and going to reusable has been great in health care," which we've kind of detailed out in the past.
Education sector has been, I'd say, a little bit of stops and starts as well in the fact that they literally stopped and started in their schools in many cases. But generally speaking, the education sector is doing quite well.
And then lastly, with the government sector, that's obviously been really consistent. And we like our verticals. We like our approach in those areas, and they're all growing attractively, and we expect them to continue to grow attractively based upon our strategy there.