Thank you, Paul. Our fourth quarter financial results were led by a strong revenue increase of 13.0% to $2.07 billion. Despite strong inflationary headwinds, operating income margin increased 10 basis points to 19.5% and EPS grew 13.8% to $2.81.
Our sales force continues to add new customers and penetrate and cross-sell our existing base. Businesses prioritize all we provide, including image, safety, cleanliness and compliance. Challenged with finding labor to run their business, heightened concerns over sanitization and inflationary labor and purchasing costs, businesses increasingly outsourced to Cintas to help them get Ready for the Workday.
We were able to deliver increased operating margin and EPS despite this period of significant inflation by productively selling new business, penetrating existing customers with more products and services, providing excellent service while driving operational efficiencies and obtaining incremental price increases from our customer base.
Fourth quarter free cash flow increased 15.2% from last year. On June 15, we paid shareholders $98.2 million in quarterly dividends. And during the fourth quarter and through July 13, 2022 we purchased $496.5 million of Cintas' common stock under our buyback program. We continue to allocate capital in many ways to improve shareholder return.
We are pleased with our fourth quarter financial results. They conclude a fiscal year of significant accomplishments, including the following: Fiscal year '22 revenue was a record $7.85 billion, an increase of 10.4%. The organic revenue growth rate was 10.2%. Excluding 2 gains recorded this fiscal year and 1 recorded last fiscal year, operating income margin increased 50 basis points to 19.7%.
We allocated capital to improve shareholder return. Acquisition spend was $164.2 million. In fiscal '22, and up until today, we repurchased 4.3 million shares of Cintas stock for a total of $1.62 billion. Also, we increased the dividend 26.7%. We have increased the dividend every year since going public, which is 38 consecutive years.
We made significant progress on our digital transformation journey. Our customers continue to find added value in managing their program through our online solution. We expect the ease of doing business with us to drive greater customer retention and faster revenue realization.
We are actively using our new rolled out proprietary routing technology, which we call Smart Truck. This technology helps us make smarter routing decisions, enabling us to spend more time with our customers on service and sales. It also allows us to reduce energy usage and expense by driving fewer miles.
We also made great strides in data analytics and enhanced business reporting, helping us target penetration, cross-selling, operational efficiencies and pricing opportunities.
In addition, as part of our steadfast commitment to corporate responsibility, we issued our second Environmental, Social & Governance, or ESG report. It's a more robust report. Cintas was founded on a sustainable business model. Our corporate culture is based on doing what's right and challenging ourselves to improve. With this in mind, we announced our ambition to achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
And finally, our actions are being recognized. We were again named to the prestigious Fortune 500. It's an honor to be recognized among the most successful and respected companies. We were also recently added to the FTSE4Good Index Series. The index series includes companies demonstrating strong ESG practices. I thank our employees, whom we call partners, for their continued focus on our customers, our shareholders and each other.
Cintas has grown revenue and adjusted EPS in 51 of the past 53 years and our prospects for continued profitable growth are great. They result in part from a strong value proposition and a vast total addressable market. Every business, goods producing or services providing, has a need for image, safety, cleanliness or compliance. Operating a business is increasingly complex. Rather than doing it themselves, business is increasingly outsourced to Cintas. We provide the products and perform the services better, faster and economically frame businesses to concentrate on their core competency.
Since every business has a need for image, safety, cleanliness or compliance, our total addressable market is vast. The prospects for uniform or workwear rental are significant. The unserved workwear rental market is tremendous. Tens of billions of dollars of workwear are sold by retailers each year to workers in every sector of the economy. There are millions of people in health care alone, hospitals, urgent care, doctor's office, dentists' offices and long-term care going to work every day in scrubs purchased from retailers. We focus on targeting these retail customers, converting them to our rental program. The fact that consistently 60% of our new customers are converted from retail to a rental program speaks to the size of the opportunity as well as our continued success.
Plus, we are more than just a uniform rental company. More than half of our revenue is from facility services, including hygiene, floor care items such as dust mats and mops, cleaning tools like microfiber mops and towels, first aid cabinet services and fire protection services, including test and inspection of extinguishers and alarms. Every business that has a door, floor, wall, bathroom and employees is a sales prospect.
Our organic revenue growth rates are indicative of our compelling value proposition and tremendous market [ for us ]. We grow revenue in multiples of GDP and jobs growth because of ample supply and demand for our products and services.
Our growth in revenue is profitable growth and our operating margins have a long runway for expansion. Growth results in more buying power with our suppliers. It produces operating leverage. Route density increases, reducing energy expenses and providing more time to spend with customers on service and sales.
Growth means more volume in the plants covering fixed cost of building, machinery and equipment. And when we penetrate existing customers with more products and services, the incremental operating margins are even stronger because we realize more revenue per service [ stuff ]. The future of Cintas remains bright.
I'll now turn the call over to Mike to provide the details of our fourth quarter results and our financial expectations for fiscal '23.

Certainly, Faiza, thank you for the question. When we think about our guidance for next year, for fiscal '23, we like our momentum. We like where we are through this point in our fiscal year. We like our sales productivity. We like our leverage that we think we're getting. And we are not trying to predict the next recession and certainly not the depth or breadth of that recession.
In many ways, I hope that my customers don't read the newspaper or look at -- or ever listen to the news because, yes, what you hear, there are certainly scattered approaches out there. But what I can tell you is we like what we're seeing in our business. We like the momentum that we're seeing in our business. And if a recession occurs, a downturn occurs, then we will manage it appropriately, which we have always done and will continue to do so. And we're quite confident in our ability to do so and we'll -- we remain poised and we're watching it very closely.

Hamzah, it is -- thank you for your question. It is certainly a challenging environment on the labor side. But I'm quite happy where we are staffed and our team has done an incredible job in managing through that process. The demand from our customers, as you can see, is quite robust, and we're meeting that demand. And so it wouldn't be popular here if someone said that, hey, I can't meet the demand so my revenues aren't going to be as good. That's not how we run our business. And we're proud of the fact that we're staffed well. We've got a really great team that is meeting the customers' needs and exceeding them.
And as far as labor in the future, that's a tough one, but you would think that it might be easing a bit, but we're really not seeing it. It's trying to attract and retain and develop really good people is challenging today as I can ever remember in my career. But when things are really hard like that, we think we -- it gives us a chance to shine and I think we're doing just exactly that.

Great question. We don't comment specifically on M&A, but what I can tell you is this, that we are actively pursuing deals of all shapes and sizes. And certainly, valuations matter, certainly. But it really takes 2 to dance. And we've got to find -- the right situation has to occur for an owner, an organization or shareholders of an organization to be willing sellers. And that tends to pace it more than anything. As you mentioned correctly, our balance sheet, we love our position and we're ready, willing and able to make deals of all shapes and sizes.

George, great question. As I mentioned earlier, it's a very challenging environment. We've said all along that were not immune from inflation. But we really like our plan and our investments. And clearly, pricing is a component of our strategy. It has to be. Input costs are significant because -- specifically labor and material costs. But we think we're doing a great job with that. Our price adjustments are certainly above historical as they need to be to address the costs that are coming through organization. We've done a really nice job of leveraging SG&A to provide us room to invest in other areas where we've had to add people and certainly in labor rates, et cetera. But it's working nicely.
And part of our focus -- a big part of our focus is we are looking at customers from a long-term standpoint and saying, yes, we have to adjust price and it will be above historical. However, we are going to find a way to grow margins and do so in ways other than just pricing. And we're doing that in certainly many key initiatives to help improve and find efficiencies in our business.
So you didn't ask specifically about that, but I think that's what you're getting at. And I'll just provide a little bit more color on that because I think it might be helpful for folks to understand that as we take this long-term approach with customers, we'll adjust price, but we're going to go find efficiencies so that we can still improve our business and improve margins.
I mentioned in our script -- and by the way, most of this of our efficiencies are tied to SAP and our digital transformation. SAP is the backbone of how we run our business and how we find -- how we're able to enjoy the digital transformation that we're experiencing and our customers are experiencing as well. So just bear with me, I'll walk through a few of these for some color.
I mentioned our My Cintas online portal which it provides us really nice leverage. It provides us improved revenue via sales and retention because customers value the ability to manage their program and pay their bills on their time, not just when our office is available. So that's great. But it also provides us some improved productivity because it allows customers to self-serve instead of our partners having to take care of that as well.
I mentioned in the script as well our Smart Truck technology, which is proprietary routing technology. It allows for more efficient routing and tracking of our vehicles. Where does this help us? It helps us and provides us more time that we can spend with customers instead of driving. That's more productivity. It provides real-time tracking to assist what customer needs. It helps us reduce idle times, which is obviously important to us, lower fuel consumption and obviously lower GHG emissions as a result. And in fact, over the last 3 quarters, within our rental division, our distance between customers has reduced 5%, which is just -- it's just finding an efficiency in our business by leveraging technology and because driving as we've always said, when the wheels are moving, we don't generate any revenue, it's when the wheels stop. So that's important to us.
And then we also have something that we've rolled out through our technology transformation or digital transformation, what we call our operational excellence dashboards, which allows for us the ability to evaluate our production facilities, our plants, to see how they're performing without having to be at each plant physically to evaluate performance. So in the past, you had to be at a plant to see how they were performing, were they on time and were the turn times in our wash alleys, we track everything. And now we have technology that allows us to do that. And so it's all driven because of our SAP platform. Many of this, it ends up showing up in faster turnaround of product, better utilization of in-service inventory, which helps offset purchases. It's been significant for us. And I thought I'd just provide a little color because I thought it might help you as you think about pricing and how we're fighting inflation.

Ashish, thanks for the question. Our verticals are quite robust. We've invested significantly there. And we look at those as businesses, how we operate the products, the services that we're providing, the tools to our partners. And that provides us advantages in the marketplace and helps us -- positions us to provide better services to our customers which is important to us.
And certainly, the education sectors had -- the last 2 years have been a bit bumpy for them. It seems like they're meaning with closures and what have you. That appears to be behind them hopefully.
The government sector has been very consistent for us. Hospitality, as you read, has been quite robust and continue the demand in that -- in the hospitality sector seems to be quite good.
And when we think about our Fortune 1000 and corporate accounts sectors, our customers seem to be doing quite well and trying to see into the future and see what will occur with -- is a recession imminent? Are we in one? Is it going to be next year? Here what I can tell you is our value proposition, what Mike spoke about of -- the items that we provide are important to people, provides compliance and sanitization, image, health, wellness, those things are very important.
And then when you combine that with the fact that it's -- there's still over 11 million job openings in the country. And as a result, it's tough for our customers to hire and train and keep their people. And they're looking to us to outsource items. And we're in a great position to take that on and we're happy to take that on and help them with those functions.

Yes. The health care has been an absolute great vertical for us. It's a very important one. It's our largest vertical as we look at the opportunity still. It's still under 10%. We see an amazing runway there and big items in the future when you think over the coming years because, again, we're organized appropriately to meet the needs of those customers. We know them really well and we listen to what their needs are and we're addressing them and continuing to invest in technology that will help them to be more successful, to help them run a better business, and we're quite bullish on that vertical.

Andy, thanks for the question. It depends upon the -- when, how long, how deep that recession is and that's for others to try to forecast. But we see -- fortunately, we have plenty of runway on finding efficiencies in our business, whether the -- and when we think about the value that we're providing our customers. When our customers are healthy, our business is that much better. But we will fight through whatever recession comes our way. We've done that. And we've shown the ability to grow sales and profits in I'd say just about every operating environment out there, 51 of the past 53 years, the exception being the '08,'09. I certainly hope that it's not that deep and nastier recession, whatever comes next. But we'll be prepared to manage through that as you've seen us do over the years.

Great. Thank you, Andy, and the partners in that area. Thank you for asking about it as well. The -- as you know, that can be a little bit more spiky, the direct sale business, but the comps were easier. But nevertheless, we like the momentum we have in that business. We've diversified our customer base. We're selling to a broader area. We've got nice position in that market. And yes, we like where we are.
Now certainly, comps will get tougher next year. So even more so in the back half of the year, not just for that business but all of our businesses. But we really like the momentum and the position in the marketplace in that business.

Great. Thanks for the question, Andrew. Yes, our -- certainly, as a percent, our first aid cabinets dropped during COVID. But it's coming back and coming back quite nicely. In fact, it grew 25%. Our First Aid cabinet business did in Q4. And that's very, very encouraging. And it's showing up in our margins as well.
So we will continue to be opportunistic and helping customers with the breadth of our offering. I certainly don't know exactly what COVID will bring this fall. But we're focused on growing our First Aid business and helping all of our customers in that area. If that means they need COVID test kits, we'll help them. If they need masks, we'll help them. You name it. But our focus is on trying to make sure that we're growing that profitable, consistent First Aid cabinet business and we're very encouraged by the trends.

Seth, as I spoke about earlier, one of the items that we're focused on is making sure that we leverage our infrastructure to its fullest, whether that be our fleet but also our production facilities. And as I mentioned, our operating excellence technology platform is helping us to make sure we're finding all the efficiencies in our business. And in certain cases, that's allowing us to forgo CapEx as a result because we're able to find efficiencies in running our business in our production facilities as well. And we'll continue to do that as the very best we can.

Sure, Seth. The -- we really like the fire business. We -- we have a very good team that's operating and selling into our customer base. The uniqueness about the fire customers is there really is no program market, right? Everybody is served. They're served in some manner. But we've invested in that business to make sure that we are positioned with the best people, the best technology, that we are continuing to invest in there and the best training. And we're going to really -- we like our spot there from the levels of service that we're providing our customers and it's getting noticed. And that's a business that you want to feel good about who's working in your facility and who's taking care of you and we think that we're well positioned. So good momentum in that business and we're focused on continuing that momentum.

Toni, within rental, we're seeing quite strong demand for all of our products and services. And we really don't care where it starts as far as what we sell into a customer first because we have such a broad offering that will -- whatever they're interested in, we'll help provide and then we'll continue to provide additional offerings to them.
And -- but when you think about it, right, it's a tough environment to hire and retain people. Providing a benefit of workwear and laundering of workwear, that's a nice benefit for people and helps to attract and retain people. When you think about -- if you're interested in our restroom items, when it's hard to -- when you're busy and you're trying to run a business, trying to deal with those items is something you'd rather -- you'd love to outsource. And as I mentioned earlier, we're able to do it better, faster, cheaper, all that than what they can do for themselves. And in many of those cases, we're not even asking for additional spend. It's just a reallocated spend to us.
So whether that's -- we have such a broad customer base, it depends, but I'm speaking more generically, you've got restrooms, you've got people, you need products and services to help prepare your facility for either your customers, your guests or your employees, patients maybe. And so all of that is being -- is in very nice demand. And certainly, the focus on health, wellness, cleanliness, safety is more so today than it was a few years ago which we think is that is positive for our business.

Shlomo, great question. And you're right, we have such a broad and diverse customer base. We're up and around Main Street U.S.A. every single day and we're watching it really closely. And it seems as though demand is quite strong. Their demand within their business, demand for our products and services. As I mentioned earlier, I hope -- I think we'd all be better off if nobody read the news or listened to the news because it seems like we're trying to talk ourselves into it.
But that being said, we're watching it really, really closely because as Mike mentioned, we'll pivot, we'll pivot appropriately. But to date, it appears as though Main Street USA is doing just fine and we're encouraged by that.