Thank you, Mike. Before I review the business results, I'd like to build off of Scott's comments. While the environment remains challenging and uncertain, we did experience a continued improvement in results through the quarter. The majority of our existing customers have reopened, and our employee partners work diligently in partnership with these businesses to get them ready for the workday. 
Despite reopening, many existing customers are not yet operating at the same level of business before the COVID-19 pandemic started because of the virus' impact on health and the economy. In keeping with the Cintas culture, our employee partners are working with urgency to offset these headwinds. Significant opportunities for new revenues exist because of the need of businesses to instill confidence in their employees, customers, students, patients, et cetera, that they will remain healthy and safe. Additionally, businesses are outsourcing paths that are not their core competency, so they can successfully navigate these challenging times. 
The value we provide businesses has never been more evident. In fact, we've been given a seat at the table in discussions with state and local officials, hospital administration, COVID-19 procurement task forces and hospitality cleanliness councils. There is greater demand for services and products we already provide such as healthy
[Audio Gap] 
In other areas, demand is so attractive that we are providing new services and products made possible by our supply chain, distribution network, sales force and cash flow. These include rent of health care isolation gowns, hand sanitizer stand and dispenser service and sanitizing spray service. 
With that, I'll turn now to the first quarter financial performance of our businesses. The Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment includes the rental and servicing of uniforms, health care scrubs, mats and towels and provision of restroom supplies and other facility products and services. This segment also includes the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on route. Uniform Rental and Facility Services revenue was $1.39 billion, a decrease of 4.1%. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, foreign currency exchange rate changes and the difference in the number of workdays, the organic revenue declined 5.4%. Our Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment gross margin was 48.7% for the first quarter compared to 47.2% in last year's first quarter. Higher inventory amortization expense of 80 basis points was more than offset by benefit of lower production and service expense as a percent of revenue, the additional workday and lower energy expenses. 
Our First Aid and Safety Services operating segment includes revenue from the sale and servicing of first aid products, safety products, personal protective equipment and training. This segment's revenue for the first quarter was $204.5 million. The organic growth rate for the segment was 17.1%. The First Aid segment gross margin was 40.2% from the first quarter compared to 49.0% in last year's first quarter. Lower production and service expenses as a percent of revenue compared to last year's first quarter were more than offset by higher cost of goods sold from the increased proportion of revenue from personal protective equipment, such as masks and gloves. 
Our Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sale businesses are reported in the All Other category. Our fire business historically grows each year at a strong pace. The Uniform Direct Sale business growth rates are generally low single digits and are subject to volatility, such as when we install a multimillion-dollar account. Uniform Direct Sale, however, is a key business for us, and its customers are often significant opportunities to cross-sell and provide products and services from our other business units. 
All Other revenue was $147.7 million, a decrease of 20.0%. Organic revenue declined 22.2%. The fire business organic revenue declined 5.3% due to the inability to access some businesses because of closures. The Uniform Direct Sale business organic revenue declined 47.3%. Revenue from our airline, cruise line, hospitality and gaming customers largely falls within this segment. These industries continue to be among the hardest hit by the pandemic. 
That concludes our prepared remarks. We are happy to answer your questions.

Seth, this is Todd. Completely agree with Scott. There's -- you kind of end up in a large first order, and then there is some maintenance mode there. But we're really focused on taking care of our customers. They are in great demand for some of these products out there, gloves, masks, hand sanitizers, et cetera, so we're blessed to be in a good position in the inventory and be able to take care of them. But we are encouraged still that we're selling a lot of first aid cabinets. It's going well, and we think things will moderate in growth, but we're also anxious to see the cost to moderate back to -- closer to where it was before.

Yes. Well, there's -- great question, Seth. There's -- our new cabinet sales are going quite well, but we have a heck of a lot of customers that are still on the sidelines. They're closed. So that's certainly affecting what is being procured through our tenants, and we're anxious for those businesses to get back up and running. But long term, while we pivot, helping our customers, and long term, we're quite bullish on the direction of the organization.

Yes. Hamzah, it's a good question. The -- it really varies dramatically based upon whom you're calling on, the products you're selling. Our sales organization is highly urgent, anyway, and highly adaptable, and I've been really impressed by how they've been able to overcome any obstacles that were -- it seems like in their way. But we have products and services that people really need to, I'll say, instill confidence in their employees and their guests and their customers, however you want to describe their students, their patients. When you have those available, it does shorten sales cycle because there are some times where we walk in and they say, "My goodness, you have that. Let's go." And so again, there's so many different sales processes going on at any one time. It's tough to say, make a sweeping statement. But say, generally speaking, yes, its spend is up because of the urgency of making sure people are taken care of. And we are, again, blessed to be in a good spot with those products and services, and that creates confidence in our people and our customers, and it's showing in the productivity.

Hamzah, I'll start, and then Scott can feel free to jump in. We're -- and we appreciate your comment on our products. We invest a heck of a lot into our R&D to make sure that we have really attractive, functional products, built a lot of investment in it. And we have -- we've been in the hygiene business for, I'll call it, decades, right? It's just -- we spoke in our last call about how 9/11, September 11, 2001, had a dynamic impact on security, and we believe that this pandemic is going to have a similar effect on hygiene in our world. And that is -- that has been something that's been positive for our business. 
So our customers love the fact that we have availability. We have attractive products. We have a great inventory distribution system, very fair approach to how we handle things. And we have a great suite of products and services that are great there on the truck. They can deal with one organization that can handle all their needs. We're able to -- because the vast majority of our routes service our customers weekly that allows for us to be able to inspect what they have, where they are from an inventory standpoint and help provide some consultative services instead of just tell us when you're -- when you need some more product. So that route infrastructure and obviously distribution center -- system is a real strategic advantage for us moving forward.

Yes. Frankly, that was part of the question of the sales cycle. The sales cycle has certainly a bit sped up, just because we are selling more no programmers. There is no hurdle to get over to sell something. They can buy immediately, and that's been very positive for us. 
As Mike mentioned, the -- we're selling into different -- a variety of different prospects. And we're also, because of the urgency and the intensity of what we're -- what is important to these businesses, we're going to be at levels of decision-makers that we weren't in the past quicker. So that again speed things up. When decision-makers hear a value proposition, it resonates. And so there is -- we certainly don't -- the pandemic has been absolutely horrible for the country, the world. It's been negative for our customers. But if there is some shining light, it's bringing more focus to the products and services that we have and the value that we provide and getting us an audience at high levels quickly.

Andy, this is Todd. Good question. Certainly, the -- this has been an unusual environment, right? There was 22 million jobs that were lost, seemed like, overnight almost. And then jobs returned pretty quickly in the early, very early portion of the summer. And then as you've seen that the summer wore on, things moderated a bit and jobs returning. And there's still 11 million people that are -- 11 million jobs that have not been recovered. So that has certainly impacted our business. We need more businesses to come back. 
We are still guiding towards sequential growth from Q1 to Q2. We do have 1 less workday in Q2 versus Q1. And we're encouraged by our new business efforts, the products and services that we're selling, the engagement of our customers of what we're providing and -- but it takes a while for all those new business efforts to recover over all the businesses that are still closed and all the jobs that are still on the sidelines. So -- but we're very much looking forward to Q2, Q3, Q4, and we like the trend lines that we're seeing.

Gary, this is Todd. Scott talked about growing is expensive, right? It's an investment. And I think we've shown the ability to manage those expenses all the way down, meaning as the economy kind of went off a cliff, and we will manage them on the way up as well. And hopefully, that V continues. And I got to tell you, it's a whole lot more fun. Demand is on the way up than it was on the way down, and our people feel that way. 
And when you go through these types of cataclysmic events, it is -- as Scott mentioned, it makes you look through a different lens. You evaluate your organization different. And one of the interesting items is how we engage with our customers. Do they want us there? Or should we be there in person as much? Whether it's a Teams call or a Zoom call or a FaceTime, whatever it is, business moves back, and we're evaluating that. Our customers are evaluating that, but it does allow things to speed up. And will that have a long-term impact? It could. We shall see I think, certainly, in the short and intermediate future, that's what we see.

Yes. Great, Gary. So the hygiene -- or excuse me, the sanitizer sales predominantly flows through rentals, certainly our first aid customers as well. We sell sanitizer, whether it's in various forms. So that is -- so you'll see it in both, but predominantly in the rental organization, just because of the scope of their organization and their customer base, et cetera. And sanitizer sale is going quite well. But you know what? It is leading to other sales as well. It gets us in the door and allows us to -- that we mentioned earlier, it's getting us in front of prospects we've never been in front before. It's getting us in front of decision-makers we weren't able to get to in the past. I think on our last call, we spoke about a really large bank that we had hardly done any business with before, and now they have sanitized service at all their branches, which is significant. But it also -- now they're talking to us about first aid, and they're talking to us about fire, and they're -- and other rental products. So it -- those types of urgent needs allow for our people to get in and help explain to people what we do, how we do it, the value we provide. And it opens some eyes, and we're able to sell more. So it's really encouraging.

Well, our ERP is -- we rolled it out across our first day in our rental division over the past few years. And we're seeing some real nice advantages there, whether this affects our ability to get product to customers faster, has been a nice impact. Our transparency into the data, the ability to look at the customer across business units has been advantageous, especially as we go to market in some of these key segments has been significant. So we're very happy to be done with the integration, right? That was -- those were never fun process, but we're also seeing some real nice advantages there. And I'd say one of the bigger ones is the ability to get speed of product to customers because of various items internally that allows us to get the product to them. So that's -- and customers really value that, especially in an environment like this, where you can deliver when you say you will or faster and in an environment where a lot of companies are struggling to do that, and that's a big advantage for us.

Toni, this is Todd. We see our balance sheet as an advantage. We see our ability to distribute as an advantage, and our customers need us to invest in those products in the short term so that we can help them with those. So in many cases, it has been a real competitive advantage us investing in that inventory, where we have products that our competition does not. And our customers really appreciate the investment on their behalf, and we're leveraging there.

Shlomo, this is Todd. Yes. So I can't answer your specific -- I don't track requisitions, if I -- what we have out there by month. But I can tell you that it's certainly an increase from what it was 90 days ago. And we're on -- we try to match up our demand for our services, which is the supply of our products, our services, our infrastructure, our people, and we're matching it up appropriately. So we see -- look forward to Q2, 3 and 4, and we see demand continue to increase. We're certainly conscious of all the external factors, whether they -- what's going on with the pandemic, what's going on with the election, all those items, but we're investing for the future. And we're bringing back those folks, many, many of which are revenue-generating partners that will help us continue our positive trend.