Thanks, Mike. 
Uniform Rental and Facility Services operating segment includes the rental and servicing of uniforms, health care scrubs, mats and towels and the provision of restroom supplies and other facility products and services. The segment also includes the sale of items from our catalogs to our customers on ramp. Uniform Rental and Facility Services revenue was $1.42 billion compared to $1.45 billion last year. 
Our Uniform Rental and Facility Services segment gross margin increased 50 basis points to 46.3% for the third quarter compared to 45.8% in last year's third quarter driven in large part to lower production and service expense as a percent of revenue. 
Our First Aid and Safety Services operating segment includes revenue from the sale and servicing of first aid products, safety products, personal protective equipment and training. This segment's revenue for the third quarter was $198.5 million compared to $170.5 million last year. The First Aid segment gross margin was 43.5% in the third quarter compared to 48.0% in last year's third quarter. 
The difference in gross margin is due to revenue mix. In the pandemic, the needs of businesses for personal protective equipment, including masks and gloves has skyrocketed. Even though personal protective equipment is a less predictable revenue stream with lower gross margins than the relatively consistent first aid cabinet service, personal protective equipment is a profitable product line, and we continue to work with urgency to fulfill the needs of businesses. Also note that on a sequential basis, First Aid segment gross margins and operating margins have improved through the pandemic.  
Our Fire Protection Services and Uniform Direct Sales businesses are reported in the All Other category. All Other revenue was $160.7 million compared to $192.1 million last year. The Fire business organic revenue increased 3.5%. The Uniform Direct Sales business organic revenue growth rate was minus 39.7%. Revenue from our airline, cruise line, hospitality and gaming customers are largely realized within this business line. These industries continue to be among the hardest hit by the pandemic.  
That concludes our prepared remarks. We're happy to answer your questions.

Andrew, great question. We had, as was mentioned in the prepared remarks, demand for various items around PPE and et cetera. Other items regarding the pandemic was very strong in Q3. That was a result of what was going on with case counts, and you all saw that. So that was significant for us to the tune of about $45 million more than in Q2. We don't see that as repeating, that level repeating in Q4. But we are very encouraged by what we're seeing in business coming back. So you can see in our sequential improvement what we see coming in Q4 over Q3 even without that level, that elevated level of those types of products and services.  
As far as restaurants, et cetera, that's certainly a component of our business. We are encouraged by what we're seeing there. With folks' activities increasing, consumer spending increasing, we think people having money in their pockets via stimulus will help that. And we sure hope that the small business folks who have been incredible about weathering the storm that their demand starts to pick up even more. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing.

Hamzah, if I could. This is Todd. Just to expand upon what Scott's saying, the real unknown is what is going to happen with the demand for some of these additional services that we've been able to provide. Here's what we know is that demand is going to be higher in the future than it was pre pandemic. And what's exciting is many of our customers didn't even realize that we offered those types of products and services in the past. 
Let me be clear, there's nothing positive that came out of pandemic, right? But if there is any silver linings, it's the fact that our customers understand more the value that we can provide them and, as Scott mentioned, that our NPS scores are reflecting that. And we think that is a -- the more products and services our customers procure from us, the more value we're bringing to that. And we think that is very positive. 
The other item that I think is important to understand is that we're going on 2 years now without having had a price adjustment to our customers. We have felt very passionate that it was not the appropriate time to adjust pricing when people are going through so much difficulty fighting for the pandemic. And as a result of that, again, our customers have really appreciated that and it's really positioned us well for the future. We look at the lifetime value of a customer, and we think it is worth more than a short-term approach. 
So hopefully, all that color helps.

Andrew, it's Todd. Just to build upon that, everything Mike said is right on target. We're in a good position to withstand those adjustments based upon our model, our efficiencies that we can bring to market. But with all these, whether it's inflation in general or wage inflation specifically, our biggest concern is always the impact to our customers. We will manage our business. We'll do it so appropriately. But if it affects our customer base, then that's a much greater concern. And we're hoping that the health of those smaller businesses has been tested and we're -- and hopes that they can continue to withstand and thrive in the new environment.

Yes. Toni, this is Todd. We're seeing very nice efficiencies from having be on, the most part, one platform for the entire organization, benefiting our customers in one view of Cintas. It's benefiting our locations and the ability to share inventory, our distribution centers in order to be able to anticipate needs. It's been quite impactful. And a lot of positive things that have come out of having that one platform and the efficiencies that come along with it, both for the customer but also internally, have been very encouraging.

Gary, this is Todd. I think it's important to understand also, the vast majority of the products and services we're speaking of, whether it's face shields, gloves, hand sanitizer, cleaning chemicals, all those, we have been offering those for decades. It's not new, right? It's just it's elevated. And we think it will be -- it will maybe not be at the current level, but it will remain elevated into the near and maybe distant future -- or in the near future, certainly, and maybe even much further out than that. So that's exciting for us. We see that. Again, our customers now see that much more of a value in it, in large part, because people are much more focused on hygiene and cleanliness than they were in the past. And many of our customers, they clean for image. And now they are cleaning for health. 
And that's very much a positive, we think, for society, but also makes our value proposition that much stronger to our customers. So some very positives coming out.

Well, Gary, I think the -- probably the best way I describe it is, as we mentioned, in total for the company, it was up $45 million sequentially. We don't think that will repeat. But we do believe that these elevated levels, relatively elevated levels are here to stay.

So Kevin, I think your question was what percentage of our customers are on hold. So we have -- we had a -- as Mike mentioned, I believe, a strong run-up in the summer into the fall. Some never came back. Some then went on hold. So it's a little difficult to give you an exact number on that. But I can tell you that we're anxious for those folks to get back. We think that there is an incredible amount of pent-up demand that is in the marketplace. You add that with stimulus checks. And we think consumer spending could spike quite strongly in the Q3, Q4 calendar years -- of the calendar year. And we think that will be really positive. 
If you put that together with the strong value proposition that we have increasingly -- the strong value proposition that we have with our customers, meaning that when they come back, they still have to provide confidence to their employees and their customers, their clients, that they're coming back to a safe environment. And so we think all that combined is going to make for quite a good situation.