Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. As you know, this continues to be a challenging time for all of us, and we can't thank enough our employees, who we call partners, for doing all that they can to keep our customers' places of business clean, safe and ready for the workday.
On May 13, we provided an update on how Cintas' business has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and how we were managing the business. COVID-19 continues to be a significant disruption to our economy and to business. Our priorities are unchanged. They include keeping our employees healthy and safe and remaining committed to serving our customers in any way possible. I believe we're succeeding at both.
Our employee partners have been consistent and diligent in their care of our customers, providing essential products and services to health care facilities, pharmaceutical companies, grocery store chains, food processing plants and many others. We've provided health care customers with clean scrubs and microfiber towels and mats. We've provided tens of thousands of customers with disinfectant and sanitizer spray services. And we've provided tremendous amounts of personal protective equipment, including face masks, face shields and other items to our customers to keep their employees safe.
Our supply chain has worked feverishly to satisfy this demand. The demand for items like hand sanitizers and N95 respirators has increased tenfold in this pandemic. Our existing suppliers around the world have been key to us meeting this demand, and we thank them for their support. In addition, our scale enabled us to establish additional relationships with dozens of vendors to secure these scarce products. We continue to work to aid existing customers with the products and services that they desperately need, and our ability to access these products that others can't has enabled us to win new customers. We continue to communicate with our customers who remain idled who are -- and are considered on hold, and our focus is on being there to help them when they reopen.
Before turning the call back to Mike, I want to conclude by stating that I'm thankful for the tremendous dedication of our employee partners. I'm proud of their ability to adapt and persevere in the midst of unprecedented adversity. In addition, I'm as excited as ever about our principal objective of exceeding our customers' expectations to maximize the long-term value of Cintas for our shareholders and working partners. Our value proposition of getting businesses Ready for the Workday by providing essential, unparalleled image, safety, cleanliness and compliance arguably has never resonated more than it does today. This pandemic will not soon be forgotten, and its impact on society is likely transformative.
We believe a new trend of greater focus on health, readiness and outsourcing of noncore activities is underway. More health care scrubs are being professionally laundered and managed, so fewer are worn in public. Businesses, including universities and retail establishments, are requiring huge quantities of sanitizer and related services. Most businesses are providing larger budgets to align with proper cleaning protocols and supply chains of these key items are moving to the U.S. to reduce dependence on other nations. We believe Cintas is well positioned to benefit from this new normal.
Now I'll turn the call back over to Mike.

Well, Andrew, this is Scott. It's -- I'd say we have ongoing conversations with our customers that are on hold, and I would say that the majority of them intend to reopen. A lot of it depends on how long this lasts and that sort of thing, but we feel pretty good about it so far. And the indications that we get from them are that they do intend to reopen, so -- but it's going to be -- it's so cloudy right now looking out into the future. I don't know that any of them could -- on a state-by-state basis, maybe they could give us some sort of an indication of their timing. But in total, it's very difficult for us to be able to do that for you.

There's -- I'm sure there are lots of opinions on that. But yes, I think so. I think that we'll find out if more support is coming based on what we understand is going on in Washington right now, both for businesses as well as for individuals. And I think that supporting the individual would, in effect, also be supporting the businesses because they'd have the money to spend to do so. But we'll find out more here in the coming weeks as that gets resolved in D.C.

Sure. Yes. We have, for the last few years, had health care as a vertical that we've spent a lot of time and effort trying to cultivate. I think that you've all probably seen news reports of health care workers after work, going to grocery stores or some other place and being harassed by other customers because the customers were afraid that their clothing was contaminated. And hospitals realize that, health care workers realize that, traditionally, particularly in the nursing end of health care, the nurses have bought their own scrubs and taking them home and wash them themselves. There has been a conversion to professional laundering of those scrubs so that health care workers don't take them home, don't wear them out of the hospital and so forth. And that would be something that we could handle for them.
We have seen customers who have used our services relative to scrub rental in portions of the hospital expand that into other areas of the hospital. And I think that, that is the beginning of a movement we will see more and more of as I look to the future.

And I would just add one more thing. That is not just the big hospital chains. It's also doctors' offices, dentists, health care workers in general. And so we'll -- it's early stage, but we like the momentum that we're seeing there and think that it has an opportunity as we look out in the future for an area of really good growth.

Sure, George. The question is what is our capacity plan? Is that -- just make sure I'm answering it the right way.

Well, let me sort of give this a broader view of how we've managed this up to this point. Todd mentioned in his remarks that early on, we had daily meetings with our leadership team, and that's HR and IT and my direct reports, the presidents of the divisions, global supply chain. And we covered a number of different things in that -- in those meetings. It started with the safety of our people and how do we get them the right personal protective gear and how do we make sure that people who are arriving at work aren't infected? And how do we take temperature? Where do we get the thermometer? All that sort of thing. And then from there, moving into the customers.
But part of it also included a review of business and capacity. And generally speaking, we're happy with where we are from a capacity standpoint, although we continue to review it. There is a -- there is -- we announced that we're shutting down an operation in Minnesota. And that was one that we had been looking at for some time. It was an acquired operation. It was an older facility with older equipment and inefficient layout. And in that market, we have capacity to move the volume into other facilities that are more efficient, more modern. And so we announced that we're going to do that. We consistently review the operations and our capacity on a market-to-market basis, and we'll continue to do that looking forward. Todd, you got anything you want to add?

So George, we've seen -- obviously, since the May call, we've seen some nice improvement in the revenue run rates in which we were in the May time frame down in the mid- to high teens. We've seen that reduce to the mid- to high single digits. And we're expecting still a slight improvement but [Audio Gap] and a lot of improvement as we move forward. So we're seeing a little bit of improvement, but not much from this point.

Hamzah, this is Scott. I would add that I think as a general statement, one of the reasons we saw the big spike of these sales in May is because there was really a rush by just about every business out there to find personal protective gear, hand sanitizer, the things that they need to keep their workplace open and clean. And if they could find somebody who had it, they were buying months' worth of supply because they were afraid that if they came back out into the market again to buy it, it may not be there. So it was almost, to me, like what we would see when we would sell a large direct sale customer. We get a big first upfront order as everybody gets their close, and then it drops off to a more typical run rate after that.
I think that we're going to continue to see the demand for the masks and the hand sanitizers and that sort of thing, but there was a big upfront purchase, a race to make sure that you had enough of it. And it will settle back into an ongoing demand, certainly not at that 40% run rate.
Now relative to the hygiene services, my read on that is that, that's a long-term change in the marketplace. I said in the May call that I think that what this pandemic has done to workplace cleanliness and sanitation is similar to what 9/11 did to public building security. We have customers right now that have come to us and said, "Look, I have 7,000 branches. I need hand sanitizer stations at all of them. I need somebody to come by on a regular basis and make sure that they're full. That's for my employees and my customers." We've seen large universities, big 10, Pac-10 universities come to us and have thousands of these hand sanitizer stations put up in their buildings across their campuses.
They want us to do this because not only do we have the sanitizer and the station available but the service to come by on a regular basis and make sure that they have the supply that they need as opposed to worrying about buying a whole bunch of sort of retail pump bottles, trying to put them in places and having those disappear because people grab them and walk away with them.
So I think that our service and our service model in these areas is playing a big role in the marketplace today with our existing customers and our ability to sign new customers. And once they start talking to us about things like hand sanitizers and surface sanitizers, spray services and things like that, we start talking about their restroom services. And if they have people that need uniforms, we start talking about uniforms and entrance mats and the rest of the things that go along with that. So from a hygiene standpoint, I'm confident that this trend is going to continue.

Manav, this is Scott. I would say that -- and this -- first of all, I think this goes back to the morning meetings that we were having. We were getting real-time feedback on what was going on in the field, what our customers were looking for, what they needed and that sort of thing. And we got to jump on it early by having the entire group together to say, we need to get out and source face masks, hand sanitizers, all of the hygiene products because there's a huge demand coming. And our supply chain folks did a fantastic job going out and reacting to that.
And I said on the last call that I think our supply chain has become a competitive advantage for us. We are in good and getting better stock position on most of these items, and we have competitors that are still struggling to source it at all. And so I think that our supply chain has done a great job. So I would say disruption, no, I don't think there's been any disruption. There were some a little bit at the beginning when we first started trying to find some of these things, but they've done a great job in meeting the demand.

Andrew, this is Scott. I'll make some comments, and then if Todd has anything he wants to add, I'll turn it over to him. But overall, I think that it's difficult to say so far what's happening from a pricing standpoint as a result of COVID-19. We'll get anecdotal evidence on a market-by-market basis that things are competitive, if somebody is doing some crazy things. But we always seem to get that. I would tell you that one of the things that we have seen and seen evidence of is that we do have some competitors out there who are struggling to service their customers.
I don't know whether that is supply chain issues that they can't get the product, whether it is that they have service issues or something's happened in their service force or what it is. But we have seen some signs of that. I wouldn't call that a major trend. But I think it is one of the things that is unique about this pandemic is that for one reason or another, some of these businesses are just having a hard time operating as they ordinarily would. Any other feedback?

Well, it's tough to say where and when somebody might decide to sell their business. But you can see a scenario around this in just about any industry where it could cause people to make decisions to sell their business. We obviously are in a position where we could afford to make acquisitions, and that would be something that we would be looking forward to do if the opportunities present themselves.

Well, it's a little bit of all of the above there. We have eliminated all discretionary spending. Business travel is down. As a matter of fact, we're not allowing people to travel right now. So those kind of costs are down. Some training meetings where people ordinarily would be flying and traveling to go to training and staying in hotels isn't happening. Those are happening in Zoom meetings and team meetings and things like that.
We have made some changes to rightsize the organization from a labor standpoint. Those can and will go up as volume comes back and that sort of thing. We have -- we've eliminated -- we announced that we're going to close one of our operations. That's more of a permanent or at least a longer-term type of thing.
But we do all of the above, and we'll continue to look at the changing nature of this and we can head in either direction. We can manage the cost as we grow into it. Or if it -- I think in May, there were 44 states that had stay-in-place orders, general business restrictions that shut down businesses in those states. If it goes back to that, well, we know what that world looks like. We've been there. We're off mid- to high teens in revenue, and we know what we need to do to rightsize, to go back to that point. I don't think that direction is going to happen, but we're ready to go in either direction to manage the costs the way they need to be managed in order to continue to help the P&L statement and make a good margin.

Well, first of all, we're dealing with a business owner or manager who did not make the decision themselves necessarily to shut their business down. And so the conversation is around what are your plans? When do you hope to reopen? Help us understand what you think will happen in your business and how we can help you. Have you furloughed or let go any of your people? We have large customers who have turned to us to help them develop cleaning protocol for their business. We can share some of that with you. Prior to the pandemic, you were just using these services. We have some other services that might help you to make sure that your workplace is clean and sanitized with various products and services that we can provide. Would you like us to help you get set up with those type of things?
But really, it's to help them get to a point where they reopen. We look at it and say the lifetime value of these customers is really important to us. And we're not here today to talk about the contract and that sort of thing. We're here today to help you get reopened. As your business starts to come back, we can get into all the rest of the details of that sort of thing. And I would tell you, Tim, that we use the Net Promoter Score system to evaluate our customer satisfaction, if you will, with our services. And we have seen a dramatic increase in Net Promoter Scores as we have moved through this pandemic because of the way that we've helped them, because of the advice and the tools and the services that we can have. I would tell you that we're getting letters from presidents and CEOs of pretty big companies because of what we've done to help them, but it has improved our relationship with -- as a general statement, across the board with our customers as we help them through this. And I'm proud of the way that our frontline people have been handling this, and we look forward to helping more and more of these customers come back online.

Toni, this is Scott. It's -- we're a couple of few months into this, so it might be difficult for us to give you any hard data on that. But clearly, for certain products, both existing customers who haven't used it from us in the past and prospects need it. And so we're working very hard on both sides of that to provide that to businesses. I think that there are businesses that may not have typically been users of our services that are looking to us now and saying there's an opportunity. There's a company out there that can provide this stuff to us and provide it on a regular basis, where we don't have to worry about it anymore. We should call them and talk to them.
So I think there's some opportunity in the no programmer market for us to broaden our opportunity to continue to grow.

Well, Shlomo, you're right. I've been around for a while, sometimes longer than I can believe. I've been at this -- I started in 1981 right out of college. So it's -- I've seen a lot happen in this business and in this industry. I have always looked at this business with the thought that we have great opportunities ahead of us. And so it's tough for me to say that this is better than others. But there are people that, when I first started going to the trade association meetings, didn't think the entire industry of the rental industry could do the kind of revenue that our company alone is doing now. And so we've been able to grow through all of this.
I look out into the future and I say I'm very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for us relative to our current position, the things that we have to offer businesses across so many different segments that they really, really need right now. I think we're in a very good position. And we -- obviously, all of us need to resolve this pandemic. And I read some great news this morning that one of the reports I saw, I think it was in the Wall Street Journal, said Pfizer thinks that they might have approval sometime in October for a rollout of a vaccine in January. And whether it's January or February or whenever it is, if you think about it, this is July, end of July. And so we're closing in on this race for a vaccine. And hopefully, when that happens, we'll get back to a new normal where all the businesses can open back up. And I think when that happens, we can really maximize our opportunities.

That is all primarily direct sales business for us as well so -- at least on the uniform side. So the vast majority of that is reflected in our direct sale results. And they obviously have been hit probably the hardest of all of the segments out there. And maybe that means that it's going to take them longer to recover. But at some point, looking out into the future, I think we all agree that we're going to travel somewhere. We're going to stay some place when we get there.
And as Todd says, their ability to show us as customers of theirs that we're safe, that we are on a clean airplane and staying in a clean hotel and eating at a clean restaurant, the sooner all that happens and they can gain our confidence, the more likely it is that we're all going to begin to take advantage of what they have to offer. But those industries are going to be around. They're not going to go away. This may change it in some ways, but they will be out there, and they will recover.

Well, yes, I think that our priorities have been, and I think looking forward, will continue to be that we would like to make acquisitions. We'd like to make investments that would help us continue to grow the business. Mergers and acquisitions would be a great way for us to do that. We also have a long track record of increasing our dividend. And those decisions will be made at a future point about what next year's or what our next dividend would be, but that is an important priority for us.
And obviously, as you have seen in the past, even into the spring, stock buybacks have played a role when opportunities present themselves. I would say that sort of attitude approach is likely to continue as we look out in the future. When and how much and things like that depend on what opportunities present themselves, but our priorities really haven't changed. If we had an opportunity to make an acquisition now, we would certainly want to look at that and take advantage of that opportunity.