Thanks, Paul. We are pleased with our fourth quarter financial results that conclude a fiscal year of significant accomplishments, including the following. We help keep our customers' place of business clean, safe and ready for the workday by providing essential products and services. We procured hard-to-find and potentially life-saving items such as face masks and gloves, provided hygienically clean health care scrubs and isolation gowns and developed services, including hand sanitizer dispensing, sanitizing spray services and disinfecting wipes. 
Our Net Promoter Scores reached an all-time high because we consistently deliver for our customers by providing needed products and services and being flexible with service agreement terms during the pandemic. We were again named to the prestigious Fortune 500, climbing 31 spots to rank at #410 on the 2021 list. It's an honor to be recognized among the most successful and respected companies. 
We allocated capital to improve shareholder return. We paid down debt, reducing interest expense. We increased the annual dividend 10.2% and changed from an annual dividend to a quarterly dividend to return cash to shareholders more timely. We've increased the dividend 37 consecutive years. Also in fiscal 2021 and up until today, we repurchased 2.7 million shares of Cintas stock for a total of $979 million. 
As part of our steadfast commitment to corporate responsibility, we issued our inaugural environmental, social and governance, or ESG report. We are committed to protecting the environment, enhancing humanity and supporting the communities where we do business. And in addition to these many accomplishments and despite the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, we grew our fiscal year revenue and adjusted EPS. 
I can't thank our employee partners enough, and I'm so proud of their truly impressive achievements. The Cintas story is one of growth. We have grown revenue and adjusted EPS in 50 of the past 52 years. The only exceptions were the Great Recession years. Our successful long-term financial formula is organic revenue growth in the mid- to high single digits, double-digit earnings per share growth, significant cash generation, improved deployment of excess cash to further generate strong shareholder returns. 
Our prospects for continued growth are great and a result in part from a strong value proposition and a vast total addressable market. We have a product or service to help nearly every business get ready for the workday. Examples include scrub rental to hospitals and dentists; hygiene supplies and services to professional services firms; floor care services, including walk-off mats and mops to retailers; first aid products to hotel and restaurant kitchens for cuts and burns; fire protection services to facilities managers and universities; and personal protective equipment to city maintenance and sanitation departments. 
The renting of health care scrubs and isolation gowns is indicative of a broad uniform rental opportunity. Plus, we are so much more than a uniform company. More than half of our revenue is from facility services, including hygiene, floor care items such as walk-off mats and dust mops; cleaning tools like microfiber mops and towels; first aid cabinet services; personal protective equipment; and fire protection services, including test and inspection of extinguishers and alarms. 
Our total addressable market is the 15 million to 20 million businesses we don't currently service.  
Every business, goods producing or services providing, has a need for image, safety, cleanliness or compliance. Every business has a need Cintas can fulfill. 
Additionally, the COVID pandemic ushered in a greater focus on health, readiness and outsourcing of noncore activities. Significant opportunities for new revenues continue to exist because of the need of businesses to instill confidence in their employees, customers, students, patients, et cetera, that they will remain healthy and safe. The new services we launched, including hand sanitizer stand dispenser service and sanitizing spray service, have a long runway. 
Cintas consistently invest in technology to support growth. Our recent implementation of the SAP enterprise resource planning system provides benefits in 3 main areas. One is operational efficiencies. Our route drivers utilize personal route computers, which are similar to a cellphone, to access data and process transactions real-time. Also, SAP enabled us to have visibility to laundered plant stockroom inventories across our operations, helping improve profitability via the sharing and reuse of revenue-producing assets. And the technology helps us improve working capital, be it tighter management of supply chain inventory. 
The second benefit is data analytics and enhanced business reporting. These result from having the order-to-cash cycle all in one system. SAP enables us to analyze, process and extract information from extremely large data sets, helping us target penetration, cross-selling and pricing opportunities. 
And the third competitive advantage is improved customer service. Through SAP, our customers can pay bills and communicate with us 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We expect the ease of doing business will help us improve customer retention. Also, customers can order products and services via SAP, resulting in improved turnaround time and faster realization of product and service revenue. 
I want to say a few more words regarding ESG. From the start of our company in the Great Depression, the Cintas business model was wholly based on sustainable practices, wash and reuse. We have a great corporate responsibility story to tell. We will continue to expand our ESG reporting and are excited about issuing our next report this year. 
And finally, I'd like to say thank you on behalf of all Cintas employee partners to Scott Farmer for his 18 years of service as Chief Executive Officer. Under Scott's leadership, the company's revenue grew from $2.69 billion in 2003 to $7.12 billion in fiscal 2021. Scott successfully led Cintas through years filled with challenges, changes and opportunities, including the Great Recession, our largest acquisition, the COVID-19 pandemic and the integration of SAP technology across the organization. We thank Scott for his service to the company as CEO, and we are grateful that he remains as Executive Chairman.

Andrew, this is Todd. It's a great question. We're in a good staffing position. We like where we are there. We like the fact that we've been addressing this subject over the course of a number of years. And as Scott pointed out appropriately, even in the peak of the pandemic last year, we were committed to staying the course and do the right things and taking care of our hourly partners to -- because we knew that we could see things coming, right, and we're committed to it. So that's important to us.  
Certainly, other input costs are cost of goods. And our supply chain team is working harder than ever, and they're doing a great job in managing through that process to get us the goods that we need to make sure we're servicing our customers, which we're doing a great job at, and to manage our cost structure from that standpoint. And -- but we like the spot we're in, and we anticipate getting, hopefully, some leverage on the additional revenue that we bring in. 
We've done such a great job and took such a big jump forward from fiscal '20 to fiscal '21 that, as Mike stated, it will be a shame to go backwards, and we're focused on going forward.

So Andrew, Mike talked about pricing being a local subject. Reopening is a local subject as well. But for the most part, most businesses are back. Certainly, Canada has been a little slower to come back because of vaccination rates and government effect impacts there. But nevertheless, in general, most businesses are back.
Now are they back at the levels that we think they will be in the future? No, and we're committed to helping them with our valuable products and services to help them be prepared as their employees come back and their customers come back so that they can be -- they can compete in the marketplace. So hopefully, that helps.

Yes. Manav, this is Todd. So I think you've seen through our guidance, we expect a range of 5.8% to 7.2% from a growth rate. When you think about -- obviously, the rental redivision is our, by far, our largest division, so that will be in that range. But we expect that all of our businesses, meaning the other businesses, fire, first aid and our direct sale business, will all be high single-digit growth businesses in this fiscal year. So we feel very positive about all of them, and I look forward to growth in each of those businesses.

Yes. So our commitment is still #1 priority is to invest back into our business to grow the number of customers we have and grow those customers and invest in our infrastructure. Our second one is to invest in M&A. And we are very focused on M&A, active in that area, and it's a big push for us.
And then third, if there is -- consistent with what our approach has been in the past, if there is capital that is in excess of that, then we'll return it back to the shareholders in the form of increasing dividend and repurchase of the stock as appropriate.

So Andrew, this is Todd. As we look at the business, the -- certainly, the hospitality business is -- you read about it in the papers, right? You hear about bookings, whether it's airlines or hotels, et cetera. That is a vertical that we think will be quite positive this year.
The health care vertical is going to continue to be strong for us. Hospitals are catching up on voluntary type of procedures, which is helping that. And we have a very attractive value proposition in both of those areas as well.
Education, government are both -- we expect to be quite strong for us. There was a -- the mix of business, I think, you will see will be different in those areas, less PPE and more focused on more of a traditional type of approach that we've had in the past. But those key verticals are all positioned well. And if you think of them all, they're all positioned quite well, hospitality probably the best.

Yes, I would say I don't -- none come to mind where I would say, yes, a slower type of growth. It's just -- we're kind of a rising tide is the best way to put it.

Yes, Ryan. This is Todd. We like our position in the fire business and really like the fire business. There, we understand the -- how to go to market and how to make attractive margins in that business, and we're investing. We're investing in M&A.  We're investing in infrastructure to make sure that we're able to service all of our customers. And we have a national offering in that business, some via subcontracting. But nevertheless, a very attractive national approach. And we're positioned well. 
How we -- our culture, our infrastructure, how we execute puts us in a good spot. And there's good momentum in that business. There was -- when you think about it, right, it's all -- legally, you have to have that -- those products and those services. But nevertheless, there was some pent-up demand in it from repairs, right? So if you think about someone comes through and looks at your fire equipment, and there are some items that need to be repaired. During the pandemic, people weren't so anxious to spend money on those types of subjects and -- but as we're coming out of it, we're busy in that area for many reasons. But one of which is some pent-up demand on repair, which is great business for us.

Yes. Great question. So when you think about, let's call it, PPE items that were really pandemic-related, they are still at levels elevated from pre-pandemic, but we do not expect them to repeat at the levels that they were in fiscal '21. So if you think about our guidance, we think we would be -- with the PPE that doesn't repeat, if it has -- if it does repeat, then we would be in the -- on the high end, above 8% from an internal growth rate. So think about it that way, about how much is -- will not be repeating that we don't expect to repeat, which kind of demonstrates the mix of business is going to be back much closer to traditional. And there's some real good momentum there to get to the growth rates that we've guided towards.

George, I'm glad you asked about that. I have been so impressed by our sales organization, the creativity, the flexibility, the urgency, the intensity about which way they go about their jobs and how they have adapted to a crazy environment. And we try to work very hard to position them with great products and services so that people very much want to take their calls.
And so we like where that's heading. The mix of business is obviously changing, but it's getting back to much more traditional, George. And -- but there is a strong audience for the -- our sales partners and then in whom they're calling on, partly because there were some items that you -- when people were going through the pandemic, they said, "Hey, I can't make a decision on uniforms right now, but I need some critical products to help my business run." We provided those critical products and services and it's positioned us, now that it's closer to businesses getting back to normal, where they say, "Okay. Now I'm ready to talk about those types of items." 
So all that is positive for us. As we went through it, folks didn't realize that we had all the products and services that we do. So that opens some doors, and we're continuing to operate in those doors to help improve our business.

Yes, George, I'll start and Mike, Scott, Paul, if they want to jump in. We've spoken in the past about hygiene, cleanliness, all those subjects that the pandemic has done for those subjects what 9/11 did to security 20 years ago. And so what we're seeing is there's a greater focus on the health of employees, health of patients, health of guests, students. And hygiene is a big part of that. So we see that as something that will be elevated into the future. And we think that's good for society. That's good for our business and good certainly for all those individuals. So we think that's going to be something that's elevated, hopefully, in perpetuity.
As far as PPE normalization, there is -- there was a breakneck pace to get PPE last year because folks couldn't keep their doors open in certain cases, couldn't work. So there was some real peaks last year. That is certainly less. We expect this year the variants, the delta variant, I think, brings a bit of a wildcard into that, which we're not going to try to predict. But nevertheless, as you see, as we go throughout the year, you will see much more normalization. You'll see more people using our traditional cabinets, first aid products, hands and cabinets as we say, and PPE will be more moderate. 
Now just keep in mind, we've always been in the PPE business. We've always provided these products and services. It's just they were elevated. We will continue to offer them. But as more people get back to work in offices and machine shops, and in government and education, there will be more people that will be consuming, from a first aid standpoint, our traditional types of bandages and tablets, et cetera. So hopefully, that gives you a little color.

Toni, the -- obviously, we're guiding towards all of our businesses growing. Incremental margins, 20% to 30%. But when you think about it, obviously, the mix is going to change in all those businesses. And each of them sold, with the exception of fire, there was some PPE. And so there's -- we'll get back to more traditional type of mix. And that and the leverage on the additional revenue is going to help us.

Yes. Toni, the outsourcing trends continue. That has been positive. In addition, the focus on bringing manufacturing back to the United States and Canada, we think, will be a positive, just that's obviously in the early innings. But both of those, we think, will be positives for our business.
As far as reaching out, we have a significant investment in our infrastructure. And part of that infrastructure is in our route base, and part of that is in our sales organization. So that is a -- that's a significant investment.
You've probably also seen -- I hope you've seen some of our investment in mass media that we're leveraging. Because we think it can pay dividends for that infrastructure. And the #1 thing we hear from customers and prospects, frankly, is, "Hey, I didn't know you did that." When that -- that is a product or a service that they didn't realize that we provided. So we're trying to leverage that and get the message out and to give a little air cover to our infrastructure.

Tim, this is Todd. I'll start. We don't see momentum slowing down in that area. Again, hospitals are getting a little bit back to more normal operations on how they run their business. And our value proposition resonates with them. We've talked often about the various products and services that we provide, scrubs being a big one, isolation gowns, but also cleaning products to help them provide a healthy environment. So there's a whole lot more focus on health and welfare now.
Obviously, in the health care business, because of what they do for a living, there's always been a major focus on providing an environment that allows for high patient satisfaction. That was not only in health, but also in image. So it -- when you think about what they need, it's a great vertical for us and the products and services we provide. And there's a long runway there. We're providing products and services to help institutions that -- I'd like to think you'd be impressed by the name of -- the list of people we do business with. So who's who in that business. But nevertheless, we're not nearly as penetrated as where we can be, should be and will be. So we're very much in the early innings on that vertical still.

So Gary, as far as the first aid, yes, think about it as high single digits for the year. As Mike stated, Q4 last year, Q1 -- excuse me, Q4 of '20 was a huge growth rate for the first aid business as was Q1. So the comp from right now were really big. So as the year goes on, the PPE will -- the comp will lessen. And as a result, our growth rates will be better in that business. So the bumpiness that Mike spoke about is simply the PPE comps in the early portions of this fiscal year versus last. 
As far as the rental, yes, as we mentioned in the past, there's PPE in that -- in our results from last year in rental as well. And again, just going back to our total guidance if the PPE would repeat, that we do not believe it will, this year, then you'd be into the -- the number would start with an 8 as far as internal growth.
So how far into the 8s? I really don't know. But nevertheless, we'd be picking up a heck of a lot of basis points in growth if that PPE repeated. So it's a headwind. We're proud that we provided the product to our customers. Our customers really valued it. It opened doors. Excuse the pun, but it kept their doors opened in many cases. And our Net Promoter Scores reflect it. So they were very appreciative that we were able to provide those products and services. If they need them again, we'll provide them. We just don't think that they'll be at the levels that they were in the past.

Scott, I'll say each of our businesses were acquisitive. But tuck-ins, certainly, some geographic expansion as well. So we're highly active. And there's folks that are at least answering phones and taking calls, and we'll see where that goes. Certainly, you wonder about changes to tax -- potential changes to taxes. Will that free things up? That will be interesting to see what happens with that. As far as the size and multiples, those types of things, there's -- everything's come from the very small to medium-sized types. I won't comment on else, but it's -- they're all active. 
And part of it is because multiples, if you look at it historically in the marketplace, they're pretty high. And -- but we're quite active in that area because we look at it from a very long-term approach. And we know when we make those types of acquisitions that it positions us to grow those as well. Because of our broad offering of products and services that we bring to the table that in many cases, the folks that we're speaking to don't have that broadness, it allows for us to take a long-term approach and grow those businesses, whether it's just in that area of the business or cross-selling it across each of our enterprise.

Great. I'll start with the tech question, and then Mike can handle the CapEx, if he prefers. The -- Scott, we're investing heavily there because we see a need to -- from a -- whether it's productivity or from a competitive advantage, all areas of our business, we talked about leveraging SAP, leveraging the platforms that come along with that, they have customer benefits and operational benefits for us. And then obviously, the data that goes along with that. But that being said, we see some opportunities in automation that we've been investing in over the years. And we see opportunities to get efficiencies out of our fleet that we're investing in that we think can pay big dividends in that area.
And so we're focused on doing such and making it easier to do business with Cintas. So -- and we think, as you do that, that provides leverage for us. So leverage in the marketplace. So Michael, I'll let you handle the CapEx question.

So Bryan, I don't have a specific number for you, but just generally speaking, I'd say most businesses are back to some degree, not certainly back to full bore. We mentioned Canada specifically as an outlier, which we expect, let's just say, by August, September to be back much closer to normal.
But one of the big issues is there are 7 million people less working today than there were a year ago or so. And of those 7 million people, I don't know what -- how many of them are Cintas wearers or will be, but there's a percentage of. And we want those to -- certainly see those folks get back to work. And whether they're wearing uniforms or utilizing our first aid products and services, all that impacts us. So the -- for the most part, businesses are back. They're certainly not anywhere near where we think they will be over time.

Yes, Bryan, great question. Again, our heritage, what we do -- and frankly, as I'm speaking of the rental business, what our industry does, the impact that it has on saving customers' water, energy, what we do to treat water instead of it going down into the sewer, because those products, whether they're garments or towels or what have you, all that, they're going to be either purchased and thrown in the garbage or purchased and cleaned at home. And in both cases, we are helping substantially those folks helping the environment and helping to save landfill space, helping to fill -- or excuse me, save water, energy and the cleanliness of water as well.
And I don't think we've told the story well enough in the past. Because at our heritage, we are a wash and reuse business. And again, without our industry, there would be millions of more gallons and units of energy and et cetera that will be utilized because they're going to be either thrown to the landfill or laundered somehow. And we know that we are infinitely more efficient at laundering those products than they would be at home or in another type of setting.