Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. We've had another solid quarter that has included a number of notable developments from M&A to changes in our leadership team, and I'll come to all of that shortly. 
But let me start by focusing on our quarter and our year-to-date performance. We are gaining share in a growing industry. Industry growth has improved from last year, driven by better results across both developed and emerging markets. Some large emerging markets, like China, India and Brazil, are clearly doing better. Others like Argentina, South Africa and the Middle East are not doing so well. But collectively, we are seeing solid results. 
We've been capturing more than our fair share of growth as we continue to execute on our transformation as a total beverage company. And notably, the industry has seen better performance within the global sparkling soft drink category, delivering both volume and value growth year-to-date. 
Turning to our operational performance. We are managing our business well across key dimensions. Organic revenue is up 5% year-to-date, driven by strength across all operating segments. Unit case volume is up 2%, led by Trademark Coca-Cola, which grew 3% globally. 
Comparable EPS is up 8% year-to-date, in line with our guidance of 8% to 10% for the full year. This is despite significantly stronger currency headwinds than we anticipated at the beginning of 2018. We accomplished this through a combination of top line growth and productivity initiatives, as driving underlying margin expansion, even as we continue to invest back in the marketing and face a rising cost environment. 
Finally, our top and bottom line growth is broad-based. Developed markets have grown organic revenues low single digits year-to-date. And our emerging and developing markets have grown double digits year-to-date. 
Turning to our geographic performance in the quarter. In EMEA, we grew organic revenue 9%, benefiting from solid operational price/mix as well as from geographic mix. During the quarter, we saw strong growth across Europe, driven by Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Fuze Tea and Innocent, all helped by good weather.
In some of the emerging and developing markets, like Turkey and the Middle East, the macroeconomic environment is tough, but ongoing packaging and pricing initiatives are helping us deliver solid revenue growth, while staying affordable.
Turning to Asia Pacific. Despite cycling a more difficult comparison period, strong performance in China and India drove another quarter of mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for the segment. In Japan, a solid innovation pipeline was overshadowed by natural disasters in July and September, which included a flood that destroyed a production facility for our bottler, impacting our capacity. Looking ahead, we'll continue working closely with our bottler to minimize the impact and protect our position in the market. 
In Latin America, we delivered 19% organic revenue growth for the quarter, as we continue to execute against the fundamentals amid a variety of macroeconomic environments. Now worth noting, 9 points of that growth is due to the timing of concentrate shipments in Brazil, which will reverse out in the fourth quarter. However, even after adjusting for this timing element, we still delivered double-digit top line growth in the quarter. 
In Brazil, our business continued its recovery, with volume growth accelerating to 3% in the quarter, driven by positive performance in all category clusters. Argentina, on the other hand, faces increasingly challenging macro conditions, so we're focusing on expanding our returnable packaging infrastructure and adjusting our price/pack architecture to maintain key price points and affordability. It's a playbook we understand, even one I personally managed before.
Mexico. Mexico continues to perform well, benefiting from new product launches and strong growth in Trademark Coca-Cola, supported by solid execution from our bottling system. 
Finally, North America. We continue to deliver strong performance in the marketplace and gain value share. During the quarter, our system took a price increase to address pressure from higher input and transportation costs. As a result, our price/mix improved 3 points sequentially, resulting in a slight positive price/mix for the first quarter this year. And as -- and we continue to deliver strong performance, especially within the Zero Sugar portfolio. This, in turn, led to accelerated organic revenue growth of 2% and comparable operating income growth of 5% in the third quarter.
Now let's talk a bit about how we're driving disciplined growth in the business. Of course, it all starts with the consumer. Over the last few calls, we've discussed how we've been leveraging innovations, like Coke with coffee, to grow our portfolio by addressing key consumption occasions and also how we're lifting, shifting and scaling successful brands, like Fuze Tea, across multiple markets. However, there are times when we need or want to look externally and leverage M&A to drive our total beverage portfolio. M&A, of course, is not a strategy in of itself. It's an enabler of our strategy. And while the focus of M&A continues to evolve, what's consistent is we remain disciplined about our allocation of capital and about the mission of M&A as an enabler. 
Over the last few months, we've announced quite a few acquisitions and investments. Each one is part of our larger strategy to broaden our consumer-centric portfolio, but don't read too much into the number of transactions in a single quarter and extrapolate that as the pace of activity go forward.
We, of course, use M&A for many purposes: to fill gaps in our portfolio, yes; enter emerging categories; or even obtain capabilities or platforms that complement our existing strengths. And we look for opportunities to create value by scaling brands to be bigger and better than they already are. 
In North America, we invested in BODYARMOR, a premium sports performance and hydration brand that's one of the fastest-growing beverage trademarks in the United States. In Australia, we purchased Organic & Raw Trading Company, which gives us MOJO, our first company-owned kombucha brand. And we invested in the Made Group, which is known for products like pulp-pressed juice and high-protein smoothies. In Europe, we purchased Tropico, which gives our French business a strong foothold in the, still, fruit-flavored beverages. We believe these brands that have strong edge will eventually allow us to gain quality leadership in their respective categories.
And of course, our biggest announcement in the quarter was our pending acquisition of Costa. What we get with Costa is more than just a brand. It's a platform that will give us the ability to scale within the $500 billion global hot beverage category. Despite the size of Costa, our approach will be similar to the other deals, like Innocent and Honest. We'll aim to reserve Costa's unique capabilities, while adding the strength of The Coca-Cola system. As with all our M&A, completing the acquisition is only the first step. What is critical is accelerating our results and executing with precision.
To ensure we properly connect and globally scale key acquisitions, investments and partnerships, we have created a new group, global ventures, to be led by Jennifer Mann. In this newly created position, Jennifer and her team will focus on ensuring we get the maximum value from acquisition and investments, like Costa, our partnership with Monster Beverages, et cetera. This group will also partner with colleagues around the world to identify and nurture the next series of fast-growing opportunities. As you'll recall, this was one of just -- one of the -- one of just -- just one the organizational changes we announced in mid-October. Now more than ever, we must constantly adapt our business to the changing marketplace. The leadership changes we are making over the coming months are significant, and I believe that they will set us up for success in the years to come.
Beginning January 1, Brian Smith will become our President and Chief Operating Officer. In this role, Brian will bring an accelerated focus on the execution of our initiatives in the field, while I focus on the overall success of the company as well as our long-term strategic direction. Brian is a valued business partner with tremendous experience, most recently as Group President to Europe, Middle East and Africa. At a time when our business is fast-changing and more complex than ever, it's important to have a skilled executive, who can focus intently on the success of our field operations. I can't think of a better fit than Brian.
We've also announced the succession plan for our Chief Financial Officer. Kathy, who's had a tremendous 32-year career in the company, will retire as CFO in March of next year. She'll be succeeded as CFO by John Murphy, who'll begin the transition to his new job by serving as deputy CFO starting January 1. John currently leads our Asia Pacific group and is a great choice for the vital work of overseeing our financial organization. John's extensive experience includes financial, strategy and operational roles, so he's a natural fit to step in. 
And finally, we elected Nancy Quan as Chief Technical Officer. Nancy will join my leadership team to focus on product supply, strategic sourcing and technical governance, as we evolve as a total beverage company. 
These changes led to a number of others that we also announced, and I'm pleased that our deep bench allows us to move a group of diverse, talented and experienced leaders into new roles quickly. 
So in summary, the global economy is still growing, but remains volatile. Some markets are getting better, while there are -- while others are struggling, as the economic cycle moves to a different phase. Our industry is growing, driven by both developed and emerging markets, and we are winning with momentum in our business. So despite currency moving against us, we remain focused on delivering the earnings guidance we laid out at the beginning of the year. 
Finally, I'd like to thank Kathy. While Kathy will be with us through next March, I would be remiss not to take a moment to thank her and acknowledge her outstanding career. Over her 32 years here at the company, Kathy has made significant contributions to both our company and the system, working her way from financial analyst, all the way to the most senior finance role in the company. Truly, a testament to the value she had brought to every phase of the journey. And as CFO for the past 5 years, she executed the company's financials through the extremely complex refranchising process. And she is leaving a strong foundation for John to build on. And finally, she has been a critical partner to me, and I have appreciated all her valuable support. Thank you, Kathy.

Sure.

Yes. And I mean, I'm not sure that, that radically changes how we're thinking about structuring the deal. We've got a number of conversations ongoing with different parties about how we might create a stronger system in South and East Africa. We -- if you invest in the emerging markets, you don't always expect a straight line, and that's kind of what's come through in the impairment, driven by the macros and as we've adapted to the sugar tax in the second quarter. But our view of the long-term attractiveness of Africa or the youngest billion remains undimmed. And we think it's a very exciting asset. And so we're working with the different parties on potential setups.

Well, that is indeed a broad question. I think, firstly, it would be fair to recognize that the system is benefiting from the experiments and the things we've been doing over the last 10-plus years around the world to try and expand into a number of other categories. So we've been experimenting and learning and identifying what's good practice and what's not-so-good practice for a good number of years now. And you're seeing the -- that base of knowledge and expertise growing that's allowing us to have a foundation to move faster. Clearly, the end of the refranchising process and having kind of a clear partnership network with well-funded partners who want to invest and want to win in the marketplace, combined with a greater degree of organizational clarity and focus on empowerment and accountability and getting things done on the company side, whether that be the marketing, the innovation, the M&A, whichever piece of the puzzle is required, has clearly helped. And then, I think the global ventures is another step in that direction. We've had acquisitions in parts of the world. We have Venturing & Emerging Brands units in different parts of the world. What we had not been so successful at is tying that together across regions, across the groups, if you like. And I think that's what this represents in terms of the global ventures. So rather than letting something be successful in one group and it taking forever to get to another group, this unit here will be there to help push and drive the agenda for greater speed going forward. At the end of the day, how do we get faster? We get faster not just because of all those things, but because there are exciting, interesting, financially attractive opportunities that the system can capture. The relative economics and the capital needed differ by category. They differ depending on the starting point of the different systems in the different part of the world, what's already been built. And of course, what we've learned over the years with our partners is how to move quickly to a place where it's attractive for everyone. At the end of the day, if not attractive for everyone, it's not going to go very far. And that's us, our bottling partners and, ultimately, the customers and down to the end consumer. So it just needs to be organized, so the incentives are clear and attractive.

Yes. Kind of in reverse order, it's a little early to provide FX guidance for 2019. But I think the -- look, when you stand back, clearly, there's some emerging markets who got better. If we'd been talking 2, 3 years ago, we were having a tougher time in China, Brazil, recently, India. But those have all improved over the last 6 to 12 months. And we have good growth in all of them, including Brazil. But in the meantime, it's gotten tougher in a number, whether that's Argentina, Turkey, South Africa and the Middle East. So I think the -- there's clearly some additional volatility in the emerging markets. I think you can see that in the GDP numbers. You can see that in the GDP forecast. At least, the IMX and some of the others are kind of going, "Okay. It's getting a little softer." And I think that's representative of the U.S. dollar strength in recent months. Exactly what the path forward will be is hard to predict exactly at this point in time. We're clearly moving to a slightly different phase in the economic recovery, and I think that will bring some ups and downs. But net-net, we've got a portfolio across 200-plus countries. We're driving -- we're seeing growth in the developed, in developing, in some of the emerging. And at the end of the day, we can do a lot of crystal ball gazing, but what's really important is we focus on what we can do, on what we can control, which is about staying close to the consumer, understanding what drinks and packages they want, working with our customers to work on how to create value for them, provide the right marketing and the right innovation, so the system can execute with excellence. And that's -- that will deliver us a winning formula in good days and in bad days.

Well, I think that's a simple one. We had -- don't have any plans at this stage to get into this space. So that's kind of where we are.

Yes. I think, I mean, clearly, there are some mechanical parts to the P&L as we sell some of the bottling and refranchising has come to a close. But we have been pursuing a steadfast strategy of reinvesting in our business for a number of years. And so I think we've said no big discontinuity happening or seen out there at this stage. So I think the marketing spend, I think, is producing good results. We are winning in the marketplace. We're growing the soft drink category in revenue and volume. The Coke trademark is growing. Coke Zero Sugar is growing. So I think we're seeing the sales and volume and transaction uplift, the engagements by the consumers with the brand. So we think we're in a good place in terms of what our marketing is delivering for us. So leaving aside the mechanical effects of refranchising to the P&L and the percentage of DME, then, I think it's relatively steady as we go. So yes, I think you can see those examples.

Yes. So clearly, we've taken some price increases this year in the U.S. marketplace, whether that be in the juice category by changes in the packaging, in soft drinks, in a number of channels. And clearly, we've been pushing that through over the years under the headline of we're doing a lot of things to engage the consumer with the various categories in our portfolio from the marketing and the packaging, working with our customers to create value for them. We think this is a strategy that has worked for us over the recent years and will continue and is continuing to work for us going forward. So I'm not sure it makes that much sense for me to comment on short periods of competitive pricing activity. We've always said, look, we're going to follow a rational pricing approach with a few points of pricing, which is what's happening on an underlying basis in the U.S. It won't necessarily be a straight line for all sorts of reasons, but we're going to stick to our strategy, and I think that's the one that will see us through to the right place.

Yes. And on 2019, it's too early to get into 2019. But in the end, we said we're going to follow 3 pillars in trying to manage with this going forward. We need to grow the top line by doing the right thing for the consumer in terms of the beverages, the marketing, the packaging, the innovation, create value with our customers, have the right refranchise bottlers to execute in the marketplace. That will drive local top line in each of the 200-plus countries we operate in. We'll focus ourselves and as a system on being efficient stewards of the P&L and the capital, such that the margins, again, locally, will be appropriate for that business and for driving growth. And then, of course, the piece that we have to bring together as the portfolio management is paying attention to what that translates to in comparable EPS earnings. What that -- how we're going to put that puzzle together for 2019, we'll come back to in a future date.

Thanks, Ali. Look, I think the pace of M&A, clearly, the third quarter was a more active quarter than normal. When we look at M&A opportunities, it's obviously a function of is it the -- do -- are we seeing things that work for us in terms of a role for that in our business, whether it be a role in the portfolio, a role in the capabilities, providing us with a new entry into something? So clearly, we've got to be focused on what they do for us. And of course, there's a question of price and a question of availability of the things that we want. So I'm not sure that extrapolation does make sense. And I think that's just something we'll have to cover as we go forward. We've made a number of statements on how we want to see the total company structured in terms of growth, in terms of leverage, in terms of returns to the shareholder. So I think it's the management of the business that will need to go forward, but we've got some guardrails on how we think about the total. And then as we've brought in some of these companies, a little as I talked to one of the earlier questions, we've learned over the last number of years on how to bring them in and what's the best way and what are the models that best work for different categories in different situations. And that's allowed us both to do better as we bring them in, in the place that we're buying them, whichever part of the world that is, but also then do better in lifting and shifting and scaling them to other parts of the world. We're not as good as that as we would like to be or, perhaps, as fast as we would like to be, better said, which is why we're bringing the global ventures organizational unit into being to just give an extra twist to accelerating that piece of the strategy of lifting, shifting and scaling. And we'll learn more. And we'll learn more. And that's, of course, tied back to the incentives. We have general incentives to the broad population against revenue and profits and cash flow, which obviously link back to the M&A strategy. And then for those teams specifically doing M&As, we have deal-specific incentives.

So I think the management changes, I mean, why now is, I think, it's a simple function of we've ended a phase. We had some initial reinvestment going back in brand Coke. We set out the refranchising. We brought back to a conclusion. We built on the foundations over the last number of years in setting up Beverages for Life with a clear vision for where we want to go. We've added flesh and bone to that vision over the last 12 to 18 months. And what's clear is we've got a lot of things to do. And so that's why, I think, bringing Brian in as COO will allow us to be able to execute against the leadership agenda with speed. Of course, we could just go slower with less people, but we need to be able to execute at speed and be able, in a world that's volatile, and we're in a lot of places, we need to be able to lead the enterprise forward. And I think Brian just brings that extra capacity with our focus on the field operations that allows me to look across the whole company. And we'll be able to work as a double act to bring a lot of that going forward. And so I think that's why it's the right time to bring Brian on. On our putting a band together, like, I'm so -- I wish I was good at music. I'd love to be in a band, but there was 0 chance of that happening, so here I am. I think what you're seeing is executives being promoted across a broad section of the global talent pool. Yes, Brian spent some time in Latin America as did John. Brian has also been in Europe. He's been in the U.S. John's been in Asia. So what I think you're seeing is people who've worked around the world, coming up through the organization and taking on strong roles. Nancy, who hasn't worked in Latin America worked in corporate, worked in North America. She's come up. You've seen the new Group Presidents, like Nikos, come up through the European business. He worked in Canada as well. Manolo, who's gone to Asia, spent most of his time between Europe and Asia. You see Jennifer Mann, who's come up through the U.S. I think you're seeing a lot of people come up through the U.S. organization or come up through the organization and take different jobs. And the new Business Unit Presidents, Galya has gone from Turkey to Mexico via the U.S. So you're seeing a lot of movement. And I think it's testament to the talent pipeline around the world and our ability to have people grow by giving them different experiences in different parts of the world and different types and business situations that makes them strong leaders, that then allows us to deploy them to the best use and the greatest opportunity for the company.

Sure. Yes. Look, we grew in spot -- I mean, I'm just going to go through the clusters to make it easy. Sparkling did really well this quarter year-to-date. We saw strong growth around the world in all the groups. In Trademark Coke, in Diet Coke in the U.S. And actually, Coke Zero Sugar had its best quarter of growth in 10 years. So clearly, a lot of what we're doing in sparkling is working, is engaging with consumers, and that's very pleasing. As we go into the other categories, what we see in water is a change to the recent trends. So in the last number of quarters, we are actually declining or doing worse in water. This time, we've gotten better because we are kind of moving out of the phase of de-prioritizing some of the low-value water and starting to see some of the benefits of our focus on the premium waters, whether that's China, some of the innovations in Mexico around Ciel or even in North America with smartwater and with Topo Chico. So I think you're starting to see growth coming back into water as we've done a bit of de-prioritizing and move more into premium and innovation. In the case of juice -- the juice category, that is down this quarter. A lot of that is driven by a couple of pieces. One, we talked about before, which is the North American resizing of the juice. And secondly, the macroeconomics in the Middle East, in particular, hit our Aujan juice business quite hard. So the 2 macroeconomic impact. So what we're doing as, in fact, we've done across each of the categories is focus on -- if there's bits of the business that needs to be de-prioritized or rightsized or reshaped, so that we are going to drive revenue growth in attractive -- in an attractive business, we need to get that done. So I think you're seeing some of that adjustment still going on in the juice business. Where there is a stronger foundation with the right structures for the business and attractive consumer propositions, you saw good growth. So in Mexico, Western Europe, India, Brazil, we all -- we saw strong performance in the juice, dairy and plant cluster. So it's about still focusing on getting some bits right. And lastly, team coffee, coffee was up in the quarter driven by growth in Japan. I mean, coffee, at least for now, is largely a Japanese story. And we had not done as well as we had wanted recently. We've not kept up with the innovation. We brought more innovation to the table. That allowed us to do better in the third quarter. Clearly, the natural disasters and the destruction to the plant is going to be a problem, but we think we're back on the right track. And then tea, actually, we've done really well in tea with the globalization -- or completion of the globalization of Fuse. But we have decided to sell less of the nonready-to-drink tea with a focus -- that was a focus in Turkey. So what you're seeing is growth in underlying businesses across all the categories, building better positions from which to go forward on. And of course, there is some netting with things that we are de-prioritizing or where macros are impacting us.

Yes. No, so we don't have -- what we've announced in terms of any future stages of time line are not there yet. But I think the first important point is to recognize this is a minority investment for us then it's going to be run as a separate business. So the BODYARMOR team are going to make the decisions about how to grow the brand, what innovations in formulas and packages to bring to the marketplace. We have a clear agreement on how they will go through the Coke bottling system, and that will take place. And the POWERADE team will continue to focus on POWERADE. I think it's fair to say the 2 sit in quite different positions today. BODYARMOR is clearly coming from a more premium space with a different consumer proposition in terms of the ingredients and incentive for the drink. So I think there's space for both, and we expect to be able to go forward. But I think it is worth noting that they're going to be run as 2 parallel and separate businesses at this stage. And ditto, that goes for any expansion outside the U.S., that's the decision that BODYARMOR needs to make.

Sure. Look, I think there's a number of exciting things that can be done as Costa becomes part of our global coffee platform and our ability to grow in coffee. Obviously, ready-to-drink is an opportunity that makes a lot of sense for us to focus on. I think the other pieces where we can, for sure, grow our coffee business is in being a better beverage partner to the many customers out there in the many different channels, whether that be through the use of a bean-to-machine -- a bean-to-machines relationship within their facilities or the use of the Costa vending machines, which is a bit like our sparkling freestyle machines on the Coke side. There are a lot of ways to work with immediate consumption customers to bring a coffee offering from The Coca-Cola Company, whether in the brand and the drink and the machinery. And of course, then there's the at-home market, whether that be pods, capsules, loose beans, there's a substantive opportunity to grow that space as well.

I presume you are talking just about North America rather than globally. And obviously, we're not going to provide a guidance or indications on what we're going to do next year on pricing. I think when you look at the North America pricing, of course, you look at it and then, perhaps, it's easier to just look at the year-to-date. You see that we're down 1 point in terms of price/mix in North America year-to-date. And then, obviously, we've been taking pricing in the marketplace, and it generated a question last quarter. And whilst it's moved with -- it's moved in the right direction this quarter, it's still the same sort of gap. What -- what's happening is, firstly, there's -- we had the conversation about the freight costs, which are the reduction to revenue in the way that we're looking about this. There's 1 point of -- that's 1 point across the year-to-date. Depending on the quarter, there's been some timing of promotional items in the last quarter. It was a headwind. This quarter, it was a positive. On a year-to-date, it's all in balance, so just ignore that for a second. Otherwise, it gets very confusing looking at the minutia of each quarter. The big picture is when we're down 1 on freight, timing of promotions is, of course, inter-quarter issue. And then the biggest gap between what we report as pricing and what you see in the marketplace and what the bottlers report is the business mix of the different business models in our North American business. Unlike the rest of the globe, the U.S. has a big portion where we have finished products, the Minute Maid juice, the fountain business, but we also sell a lot of concentrate on sparkling to the bottlers. And therefore, you're going to end up with a curious mathematical situation where you take price increases and prices are going up on each of those 3 business systems, and yet the average is going down because of the different average prices to the gallon of the different business models. And the reality is because of the rightsizing we did on juice, that, which is a higher-revenue per gallon business, it produces this curious mathematical effect, which is why I keep underlying that the -- what's going on underneath is we have been taking price, given the input cost and given what's going on in the U.S. marketplace and to support the reinvestment in the business, and that strategy remains true. And it helped us win in the marketplace.
Okay. I think we're at the end of the questions. So thank you very much, everyone. To conclude, we had a solid quarter. We're on track to close out the year per our guidance. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you. See you soon.