Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. As you'll have seen from our earnings release earlier today, we continue to deliver strong results. We are part of a great industry with solid long-term growth potential. For our company, the power of aligned and engaged system is driving solid top line growth across all our operating segments. We see that innovation, revenue growth management and improving execution, all supported by greater brand building, are helping us sustain momentum across our business. 
Our associates within the organization and across the system are responding to the cultural changes we are driving. So through the 3 quarters of the year, we've gained global value share with a balanced contribution from both developed and emerging markets, we're sustaining that solid top line performance with growth across all the operating segments and we're on track to deliver our EPS commitments, as momentum in the business have helped offset increased currency headwinds. And as John will talk about, free cash flow is up strongly year-to-date, which is also encouraging. 
Looking around the world. As I said, all our operating segments delivered solid organic growth. In EMEA, we've seen sustained revenue growth of 7% year-to-date. Importantly, we're seeing contributions to growth come as much from developed markets as the emerging markets. This is partly due to our revenue growth management efforts over the last few years. And it's pretty encouraging, as we continue to roll out these revenue growth management initiatives, to developed markets in other areas of the world. 
In Asia Pacific, we've grown organic revenue 4% year-to-date. We're gaining horizontal distribution and recruiting new consumers in emerging markets, like Southeast Asia, India and China, leading to strong volume growth. In Japan, while we still have work to do, we're seeing sequential quarterly improvement in both volume and revenue. The system continues to rebuild manufacturing capacity, and we're adapting to fast-changing consumer environment and evolving our operating models to drive efficiencies and effectiveness. 
Turning to Latin America. Again, we're driving positive momentum, despite a more challenging economic environment, and they're up 9% organic growth year-to-date. Brazil has sustained strong performance even as the macro has slowed a little in the third quarter. This has been driven by improved execution and consistent investment behind cold drink equipments. Our approach has enabled the business to grow twice the rate of consumer spending in the third quarter. Our business in Mexico has actively adjusted to the -- to a more challenging economic environment, shifting the portfolio towards affordability with a push on returnable packaging. This has led to improvement in trends as we've moved through the year. In Argentina, though, a worsening economic situation and higher inflation has affected consumer spending, impacting our business and our industry. However, by following our playbook of carefully balancing price increases, while also focusing on maintaining our consumer base, we have gained value share year-to-date. 
Finally, turning to North America. We saw a strong marketplace performance driven by innovation in our sparkling portfolio and improving performance in stills. We also continue to gain share and so far, revenue growth -- organic revenue growth is up 2% year-to-date. This growth was largely driven by continued strong consumer demand for No Sugar versions of some of our best known sparkling soft drink brands as well as for smaller packages with less sugar per serving. Of course, we always have the opportunity to get better. For example, our performance in the water category has not been as strong as we'd like. We're working on further plans to address this in the marketplace in the near future. 
Taking a step back and looking across all our markets. We are driving a platform for sustained performance through a disciplined portfolio growth approach, an aligned and engaged system and collaboration with our stakeholders. Within our portfolio, we focused on operationalizing further our leader, challenger and explorer framework to build quality leadership positions in more brands in more markets. 
While consumer behavior is rapidly evolving, we continue to find new ways to connect with consumers through our leader brands. For example, we see continued strong performance in our sparkling portfolio led by trademark Coca-Cola, with 3% volume growth and 6% retail value growth so far this year. Our brand and formula has been around for more than 130 years, and we continually work to make Coke relevant to recruit new generations of consumers. 
In addition to great marketing campaigns, consumer-centric innovation has been a key factor, especially over the last few years. This includes smaller packaging, such as mini cans, which are growing at a rate of more than 15% year-to-date in the U.S. It includes lower and no calorie variants that help consumers moderate their sugar intake. For example, Coke Zero Sugar is growing globally 14% volume year-to-date. And most recently, it's included new launches such as Coke Energy and Coke Plus Coffee, which is designed for consumers looking for a little extra upliftment. We've launched Coke Energy in more than 25 markets, and we're adjusting as we learn to how consumers are responding. As you know, we have plans to bring Coke Energy to the U.S. in 2020. Overall, we're seeing more consumers drink products from our flagship trademark globally.
Within challenger and explorer brands, innovation and sustained investment levels are helping drive performance across key geographies. In Asia, our Authentic Tea House brand is well ahead of the plan in China and across Southeast Asia. At the beginning of last year, we launched Fuze Tea in Europe. Now entering its second year, we've seen positive momentum in both revenue growth and share gains driven by marketing investments, innovation and added distribution. Fuze Tea has gained 3 points of value share across Western Europe, showing the importance of sustained investment to build challenger brands into leaders. Chi, West Africa's leading value-added dairy and juice brand, continues to perform well in the marketplace and expanded footprint across the region. The disciplined approach we are taking is yielding results. Consumers have responded, as shown by our sustained momentum. More broadly, we will continue to invest behind our brands. 
Of course, strategy and marketing are only one part of the equation. Daily execution in the marketplace is also a critical component. Globally, our bottling partners are aligned and energized. They're committed to building scale and investing for the future. We're working with them to collectively raise the bar on consistent execution. Key levers of growth include driving new pack price architectures, increasing the availability of immediate consumption packages, expanding chilled space with more cold drink equipment and growing our customer base. In India, for example, immediate consumption transactions have grown double digit year-to-date, fueled by adding more than 650,000 new customer outlets during the year and placing more than 25 additional coolers in the market. These initiatives are allowing us to grow at double the rate of personal consumption expenditure. Globally, this kind of action has helped lead to volume growth in immediate consumption packages of 4% year-to-date. 
Fundamentally, our business is driven by the ability to operate a more sustainable enterprise that makes a difference for all our stakeholders. And let me highlight one critical issue, we, of course, see across the world, which is package waste. We first shared our World Without Waste goals in 2018, and we provided updates from time to time. But I'd also like to share a recent example of initiatives around the world. In the U.S., we're working on a number of packaging plans with DASANI, including removing the equivalent of at least 1 billion virgin PET plastic bottles from the supply chain over the next 5 years. DASANI will introduce a lineup of recyclable, reusable and package-free options, including aluminum packages and expansion of PureFill water dispensers, which leverage our Coca-Cola Freestyle technology. 
In Great Britain, our system has switched Sprite bottles from green to clear plastic to make it easier to recycle into new bottles. And in 2020, we will double the recycled plastic in all of our bottles in Great Britain to at least 50%. 
In Australia, by the end of the year, all single-serve PET bottles will be made from 100% recycled plastic. 
Finally, we and our partners just unveiled the first sample bottle made with recovered and recycled marine plastics. This shows the future potential for ocean debris to be recycled packaging for foods and drinks. 
Of course, none of this will be possible without the people throughout our company and our system that take an expansive approach to imagining what's possible. This is what gives me confidence this company and system is building a better shared future. 
So in summary, we're driving a platform for sustained performance through disciplined portfolio growth, an aligned and engaged system and are working with our stakeholders. For the first 9 months of the year, we delivered strong underlying growth ahead of our initial guidance. This gives us confidence in our ability to achieve our full year EPS target and drive shareholder value. 
And now I'm going to turn the call over to John.

Sure. I mean absolutely, it's being driven by a strategic focus on immediate consumption packages and smaller packages, in particular. Lots of different shapes and sizes, no pun intended. Example, the U.S., the mini cans growing at 15%, so some clear strategic focus on driving immediate consumption and smaller packages. Transactions have been running ahead of average unit cases for a number of quarters there. It's running about 4% compared to about 2% on volume. So clearly, this is encouraging and something that we're after. And so it's heartening to see that the transactions coming in perhaps to simply put a point ahead all of unit cases.

Maybe I'll start with the first half of the 2 questions. Free cash flow, look, we've been pretty clear as we've gone around, which is we have a dividend coverage, which is not where we want it to be. We set ourselves a target of expanding that, but also made a clear point that it would clearly be our intent to see the dividend continue to grow. So we would like to see EPS track for multiple periods ahead of the dividend growth and obviously have the cash flow grow faster than the earnings. From where we are now, that -- we need some runway to get to a more comfortable point. So of course, when we come to our guidance for 2020 next year, we'll be clear on what we're doing, but I don't think we are likely to have a programmatic increase until there's substantially more flexibility.

Yes. Sure. I mean, Costa, we've -- I think the -- we've talked a little bit about it in the last call. The integration -- or the separation from Whitbread and the integration in the Coke system has gone well ahead of schedule. We brought the associates over. The business is all stood up. That's been accomplished successfully. It will be fair to say that in the short term, the U.K. business has been impacted by the consumer sentiment driven by Brexit in the U.K., which has affected everyone, the entire business outlook in the U.K. But I think, over the long term, we're actually more encouraged about the opportunities to drive the various platforms. And we certainly see a lot of interest, and we're setting up the partnerships with the bottlers and working with customers on how we can bring a package of coffee platforms to support their growth, whether it be the Costa Express machine, which is -- continues to have a lot of extra placements coming through this year. And we see a lot more as we go into the future, or providing Proud to Serve or beans and machines as a service to customers and, then at some point, ready-to-drink, which is not going to likely be the first entry point. We'd like to see the brand exist before doing ready-to-drink. But we launched it in the U.K. and early days, but sales are ahead of expectations. It's doing very well in the context of the coffee strategy. So we see some good validation of the strategic idea of using the different platforms with our system to drive coffee as a solution for customers around the world.

Thanks, Andrea. So Coke Energy, obviously, we've launched it in sort of 20-plus countries around the world so far in 2019. And I think we've got some excellent learnings. It's resonated -- some things have resonated in some places. We've got some learnings on things we need to improve. We've been able to build that into the -- a sort of 2.0 version that we'll be rolling out in the U.S. I think the U.S. marketplace, in order to really drive towards a strategy that brings new consumers into the energy category, we're moving the flavor profile closer to Coke. Plans -- we'll save some of the bells and whistles of the plans for a later date, so that a very clear approach in the U.S. to drive additional growth for the energy category by taking the product closer in flavor to Coca-Cola Classic. And then in the rest of the world where we have launched it in some of those markets, we'll be building on the learnings to date and evolving next year. And we see an opportunity to play a role for Coke Energy in the energy category and within the Coke franchise to bring some new consumers and some new relevance to the trademark.

I think it's largely the economic cycle, especially in the case of Latin America. I mean there's no doubt that there's been a difference in the last 10 years than the previous 10 years where, prior to the financial crisis, there was more creation in the middle ground. And over the last 10 years, there's been a section of society in -- all around the world that have felt under pressure, the lower income end. And more of the wealth has been generated at the top or the income has been generated at the top. So you've seen, in the last 10 years, in general, across many industries a bifurcation growth in both the top end and the luxury end and growth in the value end. And so yes, there is a piece here, in general, of a spreading out of the pricing spectrum in categories based on that trend. But I think, in the case of Latin America and Mexico that we've talked about, this is very much the kind of the pressure that some of these economies have been under lately and a doubling down on affordability. And the reason we've been able to do it is because we have an infrastructure that's very much is set up to be able to serve the needs of those with less income.

Sure. I mean I think, firstly, clearly, part of this is a revitalization of the sparkling business. It's clear that the strategy of making Coke the brand relevant with marketing, with innovation, of getting it in formats that are more on target for consumers, whether that be the Zero Sugar or the smaller packages is part of getting growth to be in the sparkling soft drinks category. And I think you can see that and as a demonstration of what is going on with Coke. So I mean in a way, it's a formula that's always been true and is true around the world. You need innovation, you need marketing, you need relevance, you need packaging, you need execution and you need to be able to engage. And I think what you're starting to see is, yes, some reconsideration of the category by whatever age you want to take it down to, let's call it loosely, the millennials, of the sparkling category. Has it flip-flopped overnight? No, it hasn't, but I think you're starting to see that if you bring relevantly marketed innovation for the right occasion to people, then they will engage.

Well, I mean if it mercifully all comes to an end, then yes, I do think our sentiment will improve, maybe not overnight, but over time and, hopefully, going into 2020. I think it's not as mechanistic of if they pass the vote, the stock drops out and if they don't pass the vote, the stock doesn't drop out. We'll need to see what happens tomorrow. I mean call us on Monday. We'll see what happens tomorrow with the super vote. But we would clearly like to err to seeing inventories normalize. So our preferred path would be to see normalization of the inventory by the end of the year. Clearly, we need to see what form the agreement does or doesn't take in the coming days. But as you should take it from us that our preferred outcome is unwinding of that extra inventory, but it's no -- there's no guarantee because we need to manage through it.

Sure. I mean I think the 2 most obvious learnings, one I mentioned that I'll just repeat, which is to bring the formula of Coke Energy closer to Coke Classic. The energy category in the U.S. is much more developed than many of the other markets. And therefore, we are clearly taking an approach of trying to bring new consumers into the category rather than competing for the current ones. And we believe that, based on our experiences in the launch markets and our research in the U.S., that doing so with a formula closer to Coke will be more effective. 
On the pricing, clearly, the structure of the pricing and the relative weights of competitors at price points in the U.S. is different to Europe. And therefore, we've chosen to go in that -- in a slightly different direction or slightly more balanced starting point with a broader portfolio of SKUs. Obviously, we're looking for shelf visibility by having the 4 packages or the 4 variants. And that's kind of part of what, of course, is a learning from Coke Energy, but, actually, that's true in many other categories, that you need to have some standout, especially if the shelf has a lot of SKUs in it already. I mean if you go to some of the markets where we launched around the world and the energy category is underdeveloped, 1 or 2 SKUs is enough to make an impact. But if you're in a more developed part of the world and there's more competitive offering, then you need a bit more presence. And I think that's what's driving that. And we'll launch in the U.S. And no doubt, we'll learn and we'll continue to evolve and focus on driving this as part of driving the Coke Trademark and the revitalization of the Coke Trademark, which has been very pleasing for all of us.

Sure. I mean, firstly, yes, on a long-term basis, our business is correlated with GDP growth. So in the long run, that matters. Secondly, as I commented in the last quarter, there are some storm clouds in the sky. It's perhaps raining in a few places, but it's not -- there's not a total problem here. And I think the approach we're taking is to not overinvest our time looking in the news as to whether that is or isn't a global recession, but to focus on what we can do and to recognize that a lot of what has revitalized our top line and our emerging bottom line has been the actions we've taken. And as we look around the world, whilst we can certainly find places where we do things really well, we are not at 10 out of 10 on any of the strategic initiatives all over the world. So we have a lot more we can do on brand marketing and portfolio management, on innovation, on revenue growth management, on investment in immediate consumption and cold and on execution. And so the way we look at it is, look, you could waste your time looking at the forecast, but actually, if we stick to our knitting and execute against our strategy, we can drive the growth we need.

Thank you.

So let me start with that one. Yes. So firstly, should Global Ventures and BIG be going faster than the average? Yes. Clearly, part of the idea of the Global Ventures is we've invested in categories that we are treating slightly differently in order to drive much better growth. So one, yes, they should be growing faster. 
Two, when looking at Global Ventures, and we might try and kind of explain more when we get to the February guidance, it's got a mix of some very different businesses, whether that be the Dogadan tea business or Innocent or the Monster partnership or Costa. So I don't think you can talk about a normalized margin for Global Ventures because it encompasses a set of different businesses. But what we certainly should see is faster growth on the top and the bottom line. 
And in the case of BIG, clearly, we had a lot of ins and outs on that group. But I think, if you like, philosophically, historically, we have, perhaps in using the expression hospital ward for some of our bottlers, invited the idea that they should be -- or that they're going to be underperforming. And I don't think that's how we want to look at that going forward. We think they should be making margin returns and growth rates that are equivalent to what the best of our bottlers do in like markets. I mean the margin structures in emerging markets and developed ones are not the same, but we should certainly be aspiring and heading towards performance that is above average for a like-for-like market.

Thank you.

Sure. So clearly, price/mix is atypically higher. It is -- there's a little bit of Argentina in that. But actually, there's a quite a bit about cycling some of the inventory that was in Brazil from last year. So I think it's much more sensibly thought of as a 4% rather than a 6%. Still a excellent number for the quarter. And I think if you look back over what's been happening in '18 and '19, you're seeing more of a 3%. Obviously, it was a number we expected to come in. And so I think the revenue growth management initiatives, which have been rolled out and still have some good runway ahead of them, along with the brand building and innovation, which earns us the right to be able to put the right pricing into the marketplace, is what makes us think we can take that forward.

Sure. I mean we don't break out the percentage of the total business that mini cans is representing. But certainly, we are focused on driving that. Along with a series of other immediate consumption packages and smaller format packages, I think the mini cans being the most emblematic one, it grew 15% this quarter. So we're very pleased with this opportunity. We don't kind of, as a target to pursue, said, a, well, it should be this percent of sales because, ultimately, if you're going to be consumer-centric, you will end up with the percentage that the consumers want to buy rather than what you want to sell. And so I think, philosophically, we focus most on making our brands or our packages or whatever bundle we're selling drive on the relevancy for the consumer. And if that's -- if we've got it right it, it will go up. And if we haven't, we have to go back to the drawing board. It is worth noting that mini cans do require some CapEx. And so, yes, the more successful they are, the more we'll have to adjust some of the manufacturing footprint to do it, but that's a good problem to have.

So thanks very much, everyone. To conclude and summarize, our performance, again, gives us confidence that our strategies are taking hold within the organization and across the system. And we remain focused on delivering our near-term and long-term goals. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.