Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. After a strong first half of the year, we saw continued momentum in our business in the third quarter. While the global recovery remains asynchronous, our people and our systems are leveraging the learnings to deliver good results and emerge stronger. And while markets are at different stages of reopening around the world, our local businesses have been increasingly resilient through restrictions and lockdowns. 
As a result, our underlying volumes have accelerated on a 2-year basis with quarterly growth versus 2019 for the first time since the pandemic began. This improvement has been supported by our transformation agenda, which set us on our path to more efficient and effective marketing as well as more disciplined and intelligent innovation. We're investing accordingly behind our portfolio of loved brands and are seeing signs of early traction. 
Given strong results year-to-date and increased visibility into the rest of the year, we expect to deliver organic revenue at the high end of our previously provided range and are raising bottom line and cash flow guidance for the full year. 
This morning, I'll provide a business update and discuss how our networked organization is executing well in this dynamic environment. Then John will discuss our financials and raised guidance and some early considerations for 2022. 
In the first half of 2021, mobility and business levels improved in many markets as lockdowns eased and vaccinations increased. The recovery has not been a straight line and continues to be uneven around the world. But despite the asynchronous recovery, in the third quarter, our volumes surpassed 2019 levels for the first time since the pandemic began. 
Although not yet back to 2019 levels as a percent of our business, we saw sequential improvement in away-from-home volumes on a 2-year basis as consumers returned to many of their former routines. At-home volumes also showed ongoing strength even as away-from-home channels improved. The quarter was off to a promising start in July, but the Delta variant impacted several markets, resulting in a softer August, followed by improvement in September as the variant began to lessen in some of our key markets. 
But the pandemic continues to be a key factor across our operating environment, in addition to the ongoing pressure points in our supply chain. However, our networked system is leveraging the learnings from the past 18 months, sharing best practices and skillfully executing by applying revenue growth management and working our supply chain levers to capitalize on the strength of our brands and mitigate disruptions. 
The industry is growing, and we continue to gain share. Our overall value share improved year-on-year and remains above 2019 levels. We are pleased to report gains across categories as well as both within at-home and away-from-home channels. 
Our operating units are combining the power of scale with the deep knowledge required to win locally in an environment that remains dynamic. So diving a little into the key drivers across our geographies, starting with Asia Pacific. 
In China, media investments across categories are yielding promising signs. Results in the quarter reflect strict COVID lockdowns and some weather-related disruption in August while September marked sequential improvements. 
Japan's state of emergency was lifted at the end of the quarter after consumers spent the majority of 2021 in lockdown. Strengthened execution across our teams and innovation has helped lessen impacts, and our consumer base has grown beyond 2019 levels. 
In India, we participated strongly in the recovery by focusing on affordability and omnichannel growth through eB2B. We grew both trademark Coke and local icon, Thums Up, using effective marketing activations. We had share gains in ASEAN and the South Pacific operating units despite pandemic-related restrictions in all of its top markets. Our investments behind sparkling flavors and Coca-Cola Zero Sugar will continue to create value when lockdowns are lifted. 
In EMEA, in Europe, we gained value share across nearly all categories as restrictions eased. While weather, a slower recovery in tourism and the Delta surge had an impact, our global campaigns for key brands, including Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, Sprite and Fanta helped drive sparkling's share. 
As vaccinations accelerated in Eurasia and the Middle East, we maintained momentum through effective revenue growth management initiatives, resulting in top line that expanded faster than the macro environment in those top markets. 
Our results in Africa were balanced across regions and categories during this quarter despite a third wave of the pandemic that resulted in targeted lockdowns. Vaccination rates remain on the low side relative to the rest of the world, and our focus remains on affordability and single-serve packs as mobility increases in countries like Egypt and Nigeria. 
We maintained strong momentum in North America despite the COVID resurgence in many states, leading to stalling consumer sentiment and supply chain challenges that resulted in both missed opportunities and incremental costs. The at-home channel remains healthy. And although away-from-home growth accelerated early in the quarter, labor shortages have constrained capacity with some on-premise customers. Recent price actions to offset higher input costs have been effective with lower-than-expected price elasticities to date, and promotional levels remain below 2019. 
In Latin America, successful commercial initiatives, including affordability packs, increased availability of our key products and strong customer execution in both modern and traditional trade drove volume growth across all major markets amidst an improving COVID environment. Improvement in single-serve mix, some pricing actions and connecting brand strategies to on-premise customers to drive further recovery in the away-from-home channel all contributed to strong price/mix. 
Within Global Ventures, Costa benefited from retail store recovery as the U.K. reopened. With improved reach and frequency from its enhanced loyalty program, Costa continues to expand across platforms into new markets in partnership with our bottlers, resulting in growing brand awareness. 
Our Bottling Investments Group performance was driven by India and the Philippines. BIG saw strict lockdowns in several markets as well as rising inflation but has continued to see share gains year-to-date in South Africa. Adverse impacts have been well managed through package and category mix improvements along with cost controls, preserving progress on our operating margins during the pandemic. 
Global category teams are working with our operating units to build an engine to drive effective marketing at scale and innovation which can be amplified across the world. Highlights from this quarter include: Coca-Cola Zero Sugar's new recipe has rolled out in more than 50 countries and has had accelerated growth in the last 3 months. In September, trademark Coca-Cola's new global brand philosophy, Real Magic, was unveiled, featuring a refreshed look for our iconic logo, the Hug. The Real Magic platform takes a digital-first approach, and our execution feature a range of experiences that are tailored to Gen Z and leverage passion points like gaming and music to attract a new generation of drinkers. 
Sparkling flavors gained share in the quarter driven by investments in targeted brand-country combinations with a focus on occasions and zero sugar offerings. In China, Sprite volume growth was accelerated by leveraging the global Let's Be Clear campaign during summer music festivals. Similarly, the What The Fanta campaign focuses on snacking and it’s driving growth across all key metrics in Europe. 
The hydration, sports, tea and coffee categories are seeing a good return on spend behind global brands. AHA's expansion into new markets this year has shown flexibility to adapt to local customer and consumer needs. 
In advanced hydration, functional benefits have helped to stretch brand power and drive share for Aquarius as it becomes more of a global brand. Tea and coffee have had success with Fuze Tea in Europe and both Ayataka and Costa ready-to-drink in Japan. There is an opportunity to recover share in Georgia Coffee as the at-work occasion returns. 
Our juice portfolio gained share this quarter, helped by Minute Maid Pulpy performance in China, Del Valle growth in Latin America and strong results across brands in Africa. In dairy, fairlife is set to become the first billion-dollar brand in our dairy portfolio and has recently launched its joint venture in China. Our experimentation with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer is expanding, and we're gathering valuable insights globally, including the importance of building the category in regions where it is nascent. 
We are seeing encouraging performance where the flavored alcoholic beverage category is growing rapidly, and we have on-shelf presence. Molson Coors recently announced the national rollout of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in the U.S. with new Margarita flavors. We also recently announced the expansion of our relationship with Molson Coors to bring the brand into Canada. 
As the pandemic recovery has progressed, we've seen challenges and disruptions in many parts of the world in addition to inflationary forces that could persist. We have years of experience in dealing with these types of environments and are enhancing our strong capabilities that enable us to do so. We are using the crucial tool of revenue growth management in its many forms and are executing in collaboration with our bottling partners. We continue to refine our ability to optimize price and package offerings according to occasions, brands and channels, striking the right balance between premiumization and affordability. 
In addition to streamlining our portfolio, targeting more disciplined innovation, intelligent experimentation and transforming our marketing model, we're also building strong digital capabilities. We have taken an enterprise approach and are progressing on the rollout of multi-category eB2B platforms with our bottlers globally. As an example, Wabi is seeing strong growth outside its home market of Latin America and has more than 50 categories contributing meaningfully to its sales on the platform. 
Additionally, we are delivering outsized growth through a powerful and growing omnichannel presence across regions. We're driving incremental incidents with partners like foodservice aggregators. North America, for example, has grown attachment rates by mid-single digits with third-party and restaurant-owned platforms. And we're gaining share in e-commerce with significant wins in Eurasia and hitting record levels in Latin America this quarter. 
I'd also like to reiterate that sustainability is an integral part of our business strategy and is a key driver of future growth. From 2018 when we launched World Without Waste to today, we've made much progress against our pillars to design, collect and partner to deliver against our goals. 
Our commitment to reduce waste globally is also closely connected to our climate ambitions because collecting more empty packages, using more recycled material, lightweighting our bottles and using plant-based materials are all ways we are embracing the collective effort to decarbonize the global economy. 
We strive to provide stakeholders with clear progress against our goals through our annual Business & ESG Report and our World Without Waste Report, including using the Global Reporting Initiative, SASB, and TCFD reporting frameworks as well as disclosures through other publicly available avenues like CDP and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation. We continuously revisit our ESG reporting and disclosures to ensure our leadership position. We do not take our responsibility lightly, and we carefully and thoroughly vet long-term objectives with our system partners and only commit new goals with a clear, actionable plan. 
To ensure we remain transparent and responsive to this evolving landscape, we'd like to invite you to join us for our virtual ESG event on November 3, where key business and sustainability leaders will provide an update on our initiatives and answer your questions. As we look at our year-to-date performance of the system, it's clear that we are emerging stronger from the pandemic, delivering solid results under a more networked structure. 
Now I'll turn the call to John to discuss our third quarter results, our updated outlook and some initial thoughts about 2022.

Sure, Bryan. Firstly, we clearly have been executing against our emerging stronger strategy. As you can see that coming through, we've called out that the third quarter was the first quarter to be growing versus -- in a [ full ] quarter versus 2019. So a sequential improvement as we've been going through this year from the first half, which was below 2019, to the third quarter, which was above it. So it's clearly sequential improvement coming through as we have adapted our ability to cope with the ups and downs of the lockdowns and the reopenings. 
Now in the quarter, as you say, we called out that July started well, and then August was softer as there were more lockdowns, and then September was better. When you think about where that's going in the fourth quarter and into next year, I mean, clearly, the fact that we have raised or clarified guidance on revenue to be at the top end of the range, should lead you to feel confident that we see visibility in the downhill of the rest of this year. 
October has started strong and in line with expectations, so we feel good that the momentum is there. I mean I've made the caveat, as many other people have done through COVID, that who knows what could happen in the downhill with variants and with lockdowns. But at the moment, what we see is the momentum is there. We feel good about our top line guidance for the year, and October backs up that statement. 
And then as it goes through 2022, obviously too early to call the full year next year, and we will do so in February. But again, we -- in the comments -- in the press release, in John's comments, we said we feel that we have momentum in the business. Again, the caveats of who knows what'll happen with variants and potential lockdowns, but we do see the world emerging from the crisis a bit like an earthquake. You get more aftershocks, but the consequent aftershocks tend to be smaller than the early ones. And that's kind of how we see 2022. So we feel there's good momentum and the strategy is working, and it's getting us back on track.

Sure, Lauren. Yes, I'm not sure I used the word isolated last quarter, but I know what you mean. Look, firstly, we have a lot of capability on managing through crises. This may be a unique and global one, but most managers and leaders at Coke have sometime in their career managed a part of the world or a country that's gone through severe dislocation. And so we have built capability over the years to manage through this and in particular in the supply chains, organizations of the company and with the bottlers. 
And so we have strong capabilities. We look for long-term partnerships with the ecosystem of the supply chains, whether that's imports, materials or logistics. We also act as a system in a number of regards. We have something called the Cross Enterprise Procurement Group, which buys key commodities on behalf of the company and the bottlers. So there's a great deal of coordination between ourselves and the bottlers. 
In terms of the problems, it's a bit like whac-a-mole. Things pop up. We've talked previously about can pressure in the U.S. Self-evidently, there's issues in shipping and freight and availability of labor in places. Then you get one that pops up. The price of gas spikes in Europe, and the availability of CO2 comes under pressure. There was a PET plant went offline because it burst into flames in Brazil, et cetera, et cetera. 
So there is a heightened degree of sporadic problems appearing as well as kind of structural shortages of certain ingredients. But we have global scale, we have global coordination and we have long-term relationships with many of our ecosystem partners that are allowing us to manage and offset what's going on. 
Now as regards the bottler inventory towards the end of the year, clearly we're working with the bottlers. And obviously, they can have the comfort and assurance that they don't necessarily need to hold it in their hands for us to be certain of having it as a system. We, obviously, ourselves being a kind of a key -- the key player in providing the concentrate make sure we have enough buffered availability of ingredients and concentrate to make sure the bottlers are going to be in a good position, and we manage that accordingly with them in every year and particularly this one.

I'm pretty sure that adds up to more than one question, but I'll give it a go, Dara.

Yes, multipart. First point, we -- as a matter of course, I mean, there's inflation every year. But we approach it from the point of view of going, our brands need to earn the right to adjust their prices each year, whether that be because of the marketing, the innovation, the execution, the investment in the marketplace or the pressure on COGS or the pressure on labor inflation. So as you can see from our numbers, I mean, we are pulling all the levers of price and mix and marketing innovation each and every year. And so that is the starting point as we think forward into 2022. 
Secondly, we see the environment of pricing, example the U.S. and largely everywhere else as pretty rational, whether that be what competitors are doing or what the retailers are doing with their own label brands. And so we see our approach as earning the right to take the price that creates value for ourselves, the system and creates value for the retailers and creates value for the consumers. And that's our starting point. 
Yes, we did take an off-cycle increase in the U.S., obviously, slightly different by brand and by pack but certainly in the high single digits starting in August. The elasticity has worked perhaps a little better than they were last time. You may remember the -- whatever it was, 4 or 5 years ago, we took an off-cycle price increase in the U.S. when there was a very strong adjustments in the logistics market in the U.S. that caused everyone a great deal of problems. And so we passed that through this time, and we will be looking at exactly what level our pricing needs to be for 2022. But again, the COGS input -- the COGS push-through is a piece of the puzzle, and we certainly intend to earn the right to take the pricing for the brands and the packaging and beyond. 
And that is true in other parts of the world. I mean obviously, depending in the emerging markets on the level of inflation in the marketplace, you've got some double-digit inflation, places where there might be more than one price increase during the year. But in the other developed markets, again, you see this approach of earning the right to take the price based on the brand, the pack, the occasion, the channel and really driving that through.

Yes, sure. As you say, look, so Q3 is above 2019 in volume. If I look at the mix of the business between away-from-home and at-home, the away-from-home has not yet recovered to the same share of mix that it was in 2019. And so, of course, implicit in your questions is, is that a tailwind going forward as more of the away-from-home recovers because of either the package or the brand or the occasion that it’s related to? And the answer in some extent is yes. 
Now worth bearing in mind but it's not a snapback, which is what you're seeing. It's not just a function of lockdown, and when the lockdown ends, the away-from-home comes back. I think we're seeing an evolution of the landscape. You're going to see some, of course, away-from-home is a series of -- a whole set of sub-channels. You're going to see some of those sub-channels where actually, over the last 2 years, almost 2 years now, there's been a reduction in the number of outlets. And so our hypothesis is it will take time to see those outlets re-expand, reappear. And so it won't -- just because the lockdown ends doesn't mean the outlet reappears, so we'll see some of that. 
But of course, there'll be some channels that are not yet fully open, much of travel and kind of hospitality. There are a whole series of sub-channels that are still running far below their 2019 levels. 
So yes, it's a headwind -- it's a tailwind going into the future, but it's not dependent just on the end of lockdowns. And I think it will -- if you imagine a curve, we've got -- we're -- the snapback has happened, and now it's going to be a little more of a smoothing of the curve to recover the rest of the away-from-home. Because in part, people's habits have changed. Like I said, it's an evolving landscape. I mean what degree of more permanent at-home work here are we going to see? Not quite clear. So I think we've got a big piece of it, let's say, half of it back of the mix, and there's another half to come. But it won't come overnight, it'll come over time.

I'm not sure I would ever call us arriving at the destination optimally running because by the time we get there, something else will have changed in the world, and we'll need to make some tweaks and evolve. Certainly, we stood up the organization in the first quarter, and then -- and it was off to a good start. It's very much on track with our expectations. As you say, one would expect there to be some bugs and some kinks that need to be worked out, and that is what we're going through at the moment. 
And it's not that all of the change has happened yet. We're -- we've been running a -- Manolo and the marketing team have been running a big agency review through this year. We're coming up on the final decisions on that in the fourth quarter, which will start bringing a structural amount of change next year in the way we interact in our marketing kind of the enabling spend ecosystem. So there'll be more change, and we will continue with that.
So we're focused on working out the bugs of the bits we've already stood up. We'll be bringing more change in terms of how we get the marketing sorted out next year. And I'm sure things will happen in the marketplace that will cause us to want to make further evolutions. But we're -- we certainly see that the early signs of how the new organizational model can help us both deal and manage through the crisis, whether it's what we've done on the supply chain or the procurement, but also set us up. Ultimately, this is all about being an enabler to give us confidence in driving and delivering on our long-term growth algorithm.

Yes. Let me start with the system here and then work back towards the company. Obviously, we're working with the bottlers on a collective basis and an individual and country basis. And I draw the distinction because on a collective basis, as I mentioned earlier, we have a unit called the Cross Enterprise Procurement Group, which works on behalf of the system globally, us and the major bottlers, to procure the key input costs, whether it be resin, aluminum, sweeteners or whatever it would happen to be. And that's not just about buying, it's about the hedges and the pricing and the security of supply. So there's a tremendous activity and coordination with the bottlers on the principal input costs.
Then, of course, we work locally with the bottlers in the countries, taking into account all the other factors that go into how we might want to approach pricing, whether that's the other costs, the more local costs, logistics, labor, et cetera, et cetera. And our agenda for marketing and innovation and execution, RGM, and come up with a plan to make sure that we drive that into the marketplace and that the brands earn the right for the pricing that keeps them attractive to the retailers, attractive to the consumers and drives the business for us.
And then obviously, within that, the company itself has a skew to certain ingredients because we're asset light or we own more of certain businesses like the juice business vertically integrated in the U.S. and within as well in Europe than necessarily aluminum. So we do have an exposure to input cost, which is why we've called out what we've called out.
I think the competitive advantage is not whether the company necessarily is asset light or not or has only certain commodities. Ultimately, we're a system with our bottlers where the pricing is taken by the bottler and then the company follows that along. I think the advantage is the global scale, the experience in managing through these environments and the ability to work with the supply ecosystem and create value for the retailers and the consumers.

No, the incidence model works as the incidence model, and -- which, to be clear, is -- generally speaking, the company's revenue on any particular brand or package is a percent of what the bottler is getting. It's not the same percent necessarily on every brand or even every package, but it is a percent. And then over time, this has proven to be a great way of maintaining alignment and shared interest in driving value for the company and the bottler's local management. 
So when we -- when a brand or a package or a channel or occasion grows, it's good for both the bottler and the company. And if we decide to push on something that's more affordable, it delivers less for the bottler and the company. So the incidence has proven to be a tremendous vehicle of getting the franchise system to focus on creating value in the marketplace.
Over time, in certain environments, it puts a -- the rest of the cost structure puts a little more pressure on the bottler or a little more pressure on the company depending on what's going on. But we don't cause -- micro course correct the incidence for small problems or even potentially medium problems. We look at a holistic view of making sure the bottling system is structurally sound, has got the right capabilities, the right ownership and the right capacity to invest in the marketplace. 
So it's something -- completely pushes the thing offtrack. We're in a different situation. Otherwise, we and the bottlers don't manage for the short term. Or we do manage the short term, but we think about it in the context of where are we going long term and manage through short-term effects.

Yes. Thanks for that. I mean obviously, we're not at the stage of providing an outlook on pricing and promotion levels in 2022. We'll do that when we get to February. 
Certainly, what we did in North America addressed the immediate 2021 issues in North America, as we did in other parts of the world whether -- wherever it was in the world, we would have addressed the cost issues and the earned brand pricing issues wherever we were. 
Again, I think the important thing, the pricing approach is to earn the right to take the pricing for the brands. They've earned that -- they earn that -- the equity earns the right for pricing, and that's a combination of bearing in mind the cost inflation, the input cost inflation, the labor costs, the logistics costs, what we need to invest in marketing, what we need to invest in innovation, what we need to invest in execution and what we need to invest in coolers and routes to market. And that all goes in the equation of taking the pricing that we have earned to take. And that is the same balancing equation that we will look at for 2022.

Yes, sure. Well, thank you for those observations, Carlos, on the visits, I'm presuming Texas or something like that. The -- as you well know, as a long-time observer of Latin America, we certainly have been trying to fuse together what -- the best of what the U.S. system does with some imported thinking from Latin America on RGM and on-the-ground, up-and-down-the-street execution. 
As we look forward into the U.S., clearly we're trying to bring the combination of more investment in the marketing of brands, more innovation targeted to the marketplace, backed with the increasing use of RGM to be more sophisticated in the price and the mix opportunity but also backed with ongoing improvements in the execution capability not just in the larger stores or with the larger away-from-home partners but also up and down the street with the smaller stores and really being within an arm's reach of desire. Not just perhaps an arm's reach of job but within a click's reach of desire. And I think the system is continuing to back that as we go forward.

Sure. I'll do the 3 -- I'll do the price/mix, and then John can take the flowers and the laurels on doubling the free cash flow in the last few years. Price/mix in Latin America, clearly there's a big component of rate in the third quarter, and part of that is driven by inflationary pricing in Argentina. But in the quarter, channel and price/mix -- sorry, channel and package were both positive to mix, as was the timing of some of the deductions. And so yes, it is rather an anomaly. 
I think particularly in the case -- I mean it's generally true for the company that don't over rotate to quarterly pricing, particularly in emerging markets where there can be a tremendous amount of volatility, because, obviously, we're quite far back in the supply chain. So I would encourage looking at places like Latin America on a kind of a more multi-quarter basis given the volatility that one can get in terms of price or mix given where we are in terms of what ships where. But generally speaking, there's a -- it's mainly operational price and mix and then there's a little piece that's inflation in Argentina. John?

Yes. Clearly, there is some pressure in the marketplace in terms of logistical capacity. And obviously, with the holiday season tending to see demand go up, that's going to come into sharper focus as we go into the next few months. We are well set up. I think we are advantaged competitively. I would like to see us, as you say, make gains in not just the share of the visible inventory but in the share of the sell-out as well.
We will see. Some of that is limited by some of the supply constraints. If we want to talk about the U.S., there are still -- it's still tight on cans, it's still tight on hot-fill resin. And so there is some limitations to what can be out there. But clearly, as we sell lots of different brands in lots of different packages, we have the opportunity to make sure we can get the shelves full if not with absolutely everything we'd love to see on the shelves, at least the shelves will be full with the vast majority of the things we would like to see on the shelves. 
And we can manage through it. I mean if there's tremendous demand and shortage of supply, of course one logically starts to wonder whether you need all the promotions that one can think of. So there is a balancing of if it costs slightly more to get stuff there because there are kind of shortages, then you don't need as much promotion. So I think there's a lot -- there are a set of puts and takes here which will allow us -- the system to have a good holiday season.

Yes. Two things to bear in mind. And let me start with the company and talk about the total system. We, the company, obviously skew, as I mentioned earlier, in terms of the commodities that flow through our P&L most directly. And bear in mind the biggest commodity that flows through the company's P&L is actually juice, the cost of buying juice, whose spot price has not shot up. It was not projected to shoot up as much next year as this year. It has obviously increased in '21 over '20 but is looking more in the range that we've talked about going into 2022.
So from the company's perspective, our biggest commodity is not -- that the spot price of it for next year is not widely projected to be out of line with what we're talking about in terms of increases. And then obviously, we buy a whole set of other things which are expected to go up. 
So I do want to also encourage you to remember that we don't buy heavily on spot. That is not our objective. As I told earlier, we -- given our scale in most commodities, especially as a system, we look to buy on a long-term basis, not just hedging on a long-term basis or a multi-quarter basis but buying with partners and making commitments on a long-term basis too. And so we don't go up and down with the stock market on a day-to-day basis. And that means that the system also has the ability to lock in while still inflationary in 2022. Whether we're talking about PET or metals or sugars or corn syrup that they're all going up in 2022, but it's not the sky is falling.

Yes, sure. Let me distinguish clearly between the energy drink category and the energy or recharge need state, as you mentioned, a series of other brands as well. 
As it relates to the energy drink category, obviously we have a very successful partnership with Monster that has created tremendous value for us, for the bottlers and, in particular, for Monster. And I think that's driven [ lots of it ]. Yes, there have been in the U.S. some recent competitive entries which seem to be both expanding the category and taking some share. Obviously, you can -- you'll be -- you see in their numbers -- I know they haven't announced this quarter, but at least for the numbers they've announced for the first half so far this year, you can see they continued to grow strongly this year on top of growing last year. So it's -- there's a lot of success, and I'm sure they'll talk about on their call how they're responding to marketplace dynamics. And obviously, we the system look forward to continuing to drive success with that partnership.
As it relates to the broader energy need state or recharge need state of consumers, clearly that's growing. It has been growing pre-COVID, and it's still growing. Whether that be, as you say, ready-to-drink coffees or some of the caffeinated waters, we see a lot of focus and opportunity for growth there. Ready -- Costa ready-to-drink has done -- Costa Coffee ready-to-drink has done well where we've launched it. AHA looks -- has done well in their launch in China. 
Certainly, there's kind of caffeine being introduced to a number of different beverages here in the U.S. And so we do see ultimately the kind of recharge need state. Whether that's satisfied with an energy drink or a Coke Classic or AHA with caffeine or a fairlife chocolate milk shake, that has been a long-term driver of growth in the beverage industry, and we expect it to remain so. 
Okay, I think that was the last question. 
So to summarize, we're confident that as the world begins to move beyond the pandemic, we'll deliver against our long-term growth model consistently and sustainably over time. And from putting our new marketing model into action to shaping a strong and enduring innovation pipeline, from our digital initiatives to our important sustainability agenda, we are working in alignment with our bottling partners with the power of our people, and we are poised to drive growth at scale for the entire system for years to come. 
So thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning. Thank you.