Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying and underlining that we're winning in a dynamic and vibrant industry. The global beverage industry is growing faster than last year, driven by better results in the emerging and developing markets and also sparkling soft drink category. We're gaining value share as we execute on the strategies we laid out for you in early 2017. And importantly, our operating performance is accelerating as a result. 
So 2018, at the halfway mark of the year, we're seeing good momentum in our underlying business. Organic revenue is up 5% year-to-date, driven by a good mixture of volume and price/mix. Global volume is up 3%, which is the strongest we've seen in 5 years. And comparable EPS is up 5% year-to-date despite stronger currency headwinds than we anticipated at the beginning of 2018. And as we noted at the start of the year, we've always expected EPS growth to be back-half weighted, and that has not changed.
So operationally, looking around the world, we delivered strong top line growth in the first half of the year, driven by continued strength in our international markets. In Asia Pacific, strong performance in key emerging markets like China, India and Vietnam drove mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for this segment during the first half of the year. And while we continue to expand our total beverage portfolio across all of our Asian markets, our sparkling soft drink portfolio led our top line acceleration. 
Turning to Latin America. Even in the face of headwinds, we delivered high single-digit organic revenue growth for the first half as we focus on the fundamentals. Mexico continues to perform well, driven by solid growth across our sparkling and dairy portfolios. In Brazil, a 10-day transport strike in late May put a virtual halt to the economy. Prior to that, we were on track to deliver the third quarter of sequentially improving volume growth. Our system worked hard to recover momentum, and by the end of the quarter, we had bounced back to prestrike growth rates.
In EMEA, we grew organic revenue 7% year-to-date through balanced volume and price/mix. We see solid momentum in the emerging and developing markets, with notable strength in Central Europe and Turkey. And in the developed markets, we continue to expand our total beverage portfolio through additions like Fuze Tea, Honest Coffee and AdeZ plant-based beverages across Europe. 
In North America, we're delivering strong performance in the marketplace year-to-date. According to Nielsen, our U.S. retail sales are up 3% in the second quarter, driven by both volume and pricing. We are pleased with the performance of our innovation and brand-building initiatives. Our no sugar sparkling soft drink portfolio delivered 7% retail value growth in the quarter, thanks to the recently restaged Diet Coke and strong growth of Coke Zero Sugar. 
Our hydration and coffee portfolios drove strong results as well. POWERADE ZERO, DASANI Sparkling and our coffee portfolio each grew volume double digits. These efforts, combined with the improving execution from our bottling partners, have enabled our system to continue capturing strong value share gains. 
Now let me turn to the pricing environment in North America. Stepping back, the overall market remains disciplined, and we remain focused on executing revenue growth management initiatives to grow our price/mix over time. However, as you can see, reported price/mix in North America continued to differ from market-level performance. This was principally due to 3 factors. First, freight costs remain a challenge. We're slightly worse than our initial forecast. And as we noted in the first quarter call, outbound freight costs are reported in price/mix for 2018. Secondly, the timing of deductions, which net out in the year between the second quarter and the third quarter put a point of pressure on price/mix. Lastly, business mix put 2 points of pressure on reported price/mix as our concentrates sparkling business grew faster than our finished good business, particularly the juice and tea. Combined, these factors put approximately 4 points of pressure on the reported price/mix, driving the vast majority of the difference you see versus the growth in scanner data.
We're taking pricing actions alongside our bottlers on our sparkling beverage brands and expect to see positive price/mix in the second half across the portfolio in aggregate as our package downsizing and our marketplace pricing actions are fully implemented and the timing items reverse. These factors, along with the continued execution of our strategy, will result in stronger financial performance in North America in the back half.
So to summarize. Our emerging and developing markets are accelerating with double-digit organic revenue growth year-to-date, and our developed markets are performing well, delivering low single-digit organic revenue growth. 
Now turning and talking a little bit about how we're driving disciplined, sustainable growth in the business. Obviously, first, we've got a solid understanding of the consumer to build the right portfolio in each market. Over the last few calls, we discussed how we're expanding our portfolio through innovations, acquisitions and lifting, shifting and scaling successful brands across markets. The disciplined growth also required that our existing brands retain and sharpen their edge by connecting better with consumers' needs. We're working diligently to increase our capabilities in this area because satisfying key consumption occasions allows us to attract new drinkers and ultimately achieve quality leadership. 
One example of this is Georgia coffee in Japan. Georgia has historically had a strong male consumer base in Japan. So we recently launched a new variant called Craftsmen with recipes, flavors and packaging designed to appeal more to the new consumer segments, in particular, younger adults and women. Craftsman's drinks come in premium, glass-like PET bottles that are resealable, making them portable and easier to consume. This is a change from the traditional cans, opening up new consumption occasions that were previously untapped. We're off to a good start with our coffee portfolio in Japan, reversing recent trends and growing volume mid-single digits.
This kind of discipline of taking a very tailored approach to consumption occasions and channels is also one of the ways we're attracting new sparkling drinkers. For our flagship brand, Coca-Cola, we're leveraging the brand's edge, which is centered around uplift and energize to build consumption rituals through consumers with strategic innovation. 
An example, Coca-Cola with coffee. This product started as a trial in Australia. Other markets are now introducing it, but with twist based on the learning. In Vietnam, for example, the brewed coffee category is very large. We introduced coffee plus -- Coke Plus Coffee there, with great coffee cues, like aroma, with less sugar, positioning it as an alternative pick-me-up for the traditional coffee drinker. Execution was targeted and deliberate, focusing on specific occasions and channels, like the mid-afternoon pick-me-up in coffee shops and at work. And the early results are very promising, delivering incremental growth to the Coca-Cola brand with very little cannibalization. 
While this is just one specific example, it is indicative of the broader, strategic approach we're taking to reinvigorate the sparking category. It's about leveraging brand edge and innovation to build consumption rituals by offering people what they want, when and where they want it. Actions like this around the world have helped us accelerate the performance of Coke Trademark with global volume, up 2% year-to-date. 
Of course, driving disciplined growth is not just about expanding our beverage portfolio. It's about shaping quality leadership for sustainable revenue, profit and cash flow growth. Therefore, it is critical that we reduce complexity to ensure our system sales force is focused, our supply chain is efficient and our innovation pipeline gains more space and visibility at the point-of-sale. To that end, we've been identifying and killing zombie brands and SKUs while focusing our teams on the work that matters most. 
Many of you have asked what we mean by zombie brands and where the opportunities are. So let me try and give a few examples. Earlier this year, our Middle East & North Africa business unit identified more than 125 underperforming SKUs to eliminate. To date, we've discontinued 60% of those and intend to delist the rest by the end of the year, allowing us to reallocate resources to brands and strategic initiatives that are delivering the highest return. Given the benefits we're seeing, of course, we're embedding the elimination of zombie SKUs and brands even further into existing routines, instilling this discipline deeper into our business units. 
This taking a more disciplined approach to our portfolio is only one of the ways we're looking to reduce complexity in the business. We're also constantly focusing our teams on the work that matters most, driving a productivity mindset in the business with the aim of both funding reinvestment and driving cash flow improvements. For example, after a recent review, we've significantly reduced the number of strategic projects at one of our large business units to ensure that we're sufficiently allocating resources to the highest return on investment projects rather than targeting too many actions at once. This is building on the previous productivity actions we've laid out and helping us to drive strong 8% underlying operating income growth for the first half of the year while continuing to reinvest behind our brands. It ultimately is not just about growth for the sake of growing. Growth must translate into solid returns for our investors. 
So taking a step back and looking at the remainder of the year. Global economic growth remains robust. Now of course, there is some level of uncertainty from geopolitical risk and escalating trade conflicts, but our industry remains vibrant and growing. And we are winning, and we have momentum in the business. At the same time, the U.S. dollar has strengthened significantly since the beginning of the year, increasing our currency headwind in the back half. So all in all, with increasingly currency headwinds, partially offset by momentum in the business, we remain focused on delivering the earnings guidance we laid out at the beginning of the year. 
Let me now turn the call over to Kathy.

Sure. Yes, I mean, as you say, firstly, we've had a very successful run with POWERADE in Mexico. We told the story about that in -- on the Investor Day. And I think it's a great example of where you can bring innovation and long-term patience to going from challenger to leader. Clearly inspired by some of those learnings, we've been looking at that in the U.S. We've done particularly well with POWERADE ZERO as well in the quarter. We made the progress. We've got a lot of opportunity ahead of us. It's a very big category in the U.S. I think whilst we're happy that we're going in the right direction, there's much work to be done. And obviously, one of the things that's been helping drive POWERADE in U.S. and indeed globally in the second quarter was, of course, its link and the activation related to the FIFA World Cup event, where it's one of the brands that's both advertised and present. And so we did a lot of marketing programs on that. So I think part of what you're seeing is the payoff of the marketing programs and the linkage into football. 
As you look at the rest of the world, I mean, POWERADE's doing relatively well. The sports drink category is much bigger in the Americas than it is in the rest of the world. You tend to see more everyday hydration. We have brands like Aquarius, which is big in a number of parts of Europe and does well in Japan. So the rest of the world is not as big in sports drinks as the Americas is. But we had a good quarter. Good execution, good innovation, good link to marketing, but there's a lot more opportunity for us.

Okay. Let me focus in on the North American tea, juices, et cetera, et cetera, because that, of course, links to the price/mix. So it's probably a slightly longer answer than just tea and juice because then -- it ladders up into the overall price/mix question. And of course, here, there's a temptation to just look at the trees and miss the forest. But I'll try and come from the detail up to the strategic answer. So what's happened in tea and juice, particularly juice? There's clearly some cost pressure. The cost of orange juice input, the cost of the packaging we use for our juice business, particular our chilled juice business, had a lot of cost pressure. So we took, I think, the right strategic decision to try and contain the absolute level of price points in the store by downsizing some of the packages, which we did essentially at the beginning of Q2. What did that cause? It caused us to go down in volume, obviously, but we actually got positive pricing in orange juice. If you go to the Nielsen numbers, you could see that pricing in orange juice is up. And so I think what you see is volumes were down, prices were up. Competitors and reseller on brands didn't follow us overnight. They probably followed us closer at the beginning of the third quarter, so that's starting to come through. So we had probably a larger volume impact, which is unfortunate but traditional for the price leader. And so that's the story of juice. I think the juice thing will start to improve as we get into the back half. We'll do better competitively. And I think the consumer environment will adjust to the new packaging and the new price points. Now what's interesting, as you do modeling, is it's really important to remember that in our numbers, we are combining the finished product business of chilled juice with the concentrate business of sparkling. Why is that important? Well, the finished product business has a much higher revenue per unit than the sparkling concentrate business does. So in fact, what is actually happening in North America is we have positive pricing on juice. Our pricing is up, not just the market pricing. Our pricing is up on sparkling as well as the market pricing. Then you're going to ask the question, "Well, how can the overall be down?" It's because juice is declining, there's a mathematical effect where the weighting of the juice decline counts for more -- the loss of the juice volume accounts for more than the fact both are going up. You can actually have an averaging problem whereby both categories, pricings are going up but the average is going down, which is the 2% headwind that we talked about coming from category mix. That will normalize itself out as juice does better into the year. And obviously, it's not really an operating income problem because you're mixing apples and pears with the finished product business and the sparkling business. That's why as you start to look through what's happening in Q2 in North America, it can be distracting to look at all these negatives. But when you layer it up to what's really going on, we have -- we're doing the right, strategic actions in each category. We're downsizing the juice category. We're focusing on low and no sugar in the sparkling. We're focusing on smaller pack sizes. All of these allowing us, with the exception of juice in the short term, to get some volume growth, definitely get some transaction growth, getting price/mix in each category. That will layer up over time to generate value for the customers and to realize pricing in the marketplace. And so over -- as these temporary factors play out, you start to see the North America business go positive in the second half. It's all about our long-term strategy of engaging with more consumers with smaller packages, more frequency, with more frequently to drive value with our customers to have a better, more valuable consumer franchise. We've been executing that with our bottlers over the last few years. We've been winning in the marketplace. We're winning in the marketplace so far this year, and our strategy's on track. And therefore, I think it's important to look at those North American effects and to see them for what they are, and they are not a deviation. They're temporal, and we'll be back on track with our strategy in the second half.

Sure. I mean, clearly, we're doing better with Diet Coke, the second quarter, the first quarter, the first half of this year than we've been doing for a good number of years. And I think we were flat in the first quarter. We were minus 1% in the second quarter on volume. Clearly, Diet Coke was growing in terms of revenue second quarter and year-to-date. So it's materially better than we were doing before. What's it doing? Firstly, we've got packaging innovation. We've got the marketing innovation. We've got some flavor innovation. These are both allowing existing consumers to stay and continue to enjoy the franchise, and it's getting people to try it. I mean, it's not growing in aggregate yet, so there's still work to do. But it's certainly causing a reconsideration of the Diet Coke brand and the flavors and the packaging and the marketing a part of that. I think as you ladder that up to the overall strategic [indiscernible], the interesting thing is that the success and the turnaround of Diet Coke -- or at least the work in progress of the turnaround of Diet Coke, is not coming at the expense of Coke Zero Sugar. Coke Zero Sugar is also growing double digits in North America volumetrically, clearly high double digits in terms of -- high-teens double digit in terms of revenue such that we're getting strong first half overall revenue growth and volume growth with our Zero, Diet portfolio in the U.S, which is a part of our strategy to go forward. So good numbers, much better than before, work left to do.

Sure. We'll try and go through those various pieces. Look, I mean, EMEA had a pretty good quarter. We had some strong performance. Now I mean, taking some of the various factors you call out: Yes, weather was good in some places. It was actually bad in other places. Tended to be hotter and drier in the north but rainier in the south. So I think weather is pluses and minuses on the countries, but overall, it's not the biggest driver of what's going on in EMEA. In the second quarter, we had a number of very positive things occur. First, I would call out the broad-scale launch of Fuze Tea across 37 markets in the EMEA group. As you'll remember, we ended our joint venture with Nestlé on BPW. We still have it in a couple of countries. But basically, we ended the joint venture which, of course, meant from the beginning of the year, we have to have our own tea in EMEA or in the large majority of Europe and Russia, which we launched at the beginning of the year. It's driving strong performance, and we're very pleased with the launch so far. The other thing that's going really well across EMEA is Coke Zero Sugar, getting double-digit-teens volume growth and double-digit-teens revenue growth. I mean, clearly, EMEA is a football part of the world. The World Cup was hosted in EMEA as well, in Russia. And so we had a lot of marketing programs on Coke, the trademark, which has been helping us, a lot of execution behind the World Cup across EMEA, which has been helping us do well. Clearly, some of the countries, we've adjusted to the sugar taxes, like the U.K. But overall, I would say, it was a strong quarter for the execution of the portfolio, for execution of the marketing plans. And clearly, there was some ups and downs in terms of some of the countries.

Look, I mean, it's an off-cycle price increase, but not generally popular for a whole variety of reasons. And clearly, it's disruptive for us. It's disruptive for our customers. But I think the conversations have been about how is this going to work for each and every customer. Obviously, while they may understand the cost pressures that are out there on freight, on the increases in steel and aluminum and other input costs that affect the bottling system and affects some of our finished products, clearly, these conversations are difficult. I think it's working its way through. We're finding ways of getting it to be implemented. I think the pricing will, in large measure, go through. I think you're starting to see that come through in Q3. And so I think it's going to be one of those things that goes through into consumer pricing. I mean, ultimately, the beverage industry is not the only industry that is facing pressure from changing imports and the need to take pricing, whatever has been the driver of those input costs. And I think that, that's partly just the general environment. So it's going through. It's, of course, been -- it's been difficult, but I think the system's done a good job of helping the retailers. And in the end, we're focused on coming back to our central story, which is, okay, yes, this is a price increase, but our focus is on helping you grow revenues and profits in your business with our brands and with the beverage categories that we often lead. And so I think it's positive.

We're not calling out numbers on Brazil. What we've said is that we were slightly negative, and we would have probably been positive if it hadn't been for the strike. But -- so let me talk about the North American one. Bear in mind that there's 2 types of -- there's multiple types of price. The price increase I just talked about on the last question is predominantly the price increase from the bottling system on the sparkling brands in particular, which faced a whole series of input costs: freight, yes; plastic resins, yes; metal in all its various forms for many reasons, including tariffs. So there is some broad-based push on input cost that have kind of come in and affected us and many other industries as well. And that's what's driving the price increase that we took in the middle of the year, which was kind of the off-cycle price increase. When it comes to the North American business that is in our accounting, obviously, the sparkling price increase -- the bottle effect will eventually flow through to the concentrate business on our sparkling side. The price increases that I talked about on juice, we took that effectively in the first half of the year when -- which was already planned with the retailers and the change in the packaging size that came into effect around the beginning of the second quarter. So there are a lot of moving pieces here on pricing in North America. And I think it's important to disaggregate them. But again, once you disaggregate them, step back and come back to the overall picture, which is the categories are getting positive pricing. We've had positive pricing in the U.S. for several years now. We're focused on pricing, growing transactions, growing revenue, helping the customers grow and winning in the marketplace with more consumers.

[indiscernible] but I don't know what's going on here. Latin America. Look, I think, partly, we had a good start in Latin America. No doubt about it. We did call out its -- Latin America is one of those places where you need to look at a few quarters averaged together because it can be volatile. And yes, the outlook there is, there's some clouds on the horizon. But you know what, the thing can also turn positive. I think, sometimes, the fears of what might happen are much greater than actually what happens. That may be true of Mexico. I think the Mexican environment looks like it's going to be stable and positive. Brazil, the strike's over. Clearly, the Brazilian economy is doing better than it was doing last year and the last few years. Argentina, it is looking a little more tricky. But look, we've been here before in Latin America several times. I don't think there's something that says everything suddenly is going to go wrong. So I think we've got a good plan for the second half in Latin America, together with our bottling partners. We're focused on growing the business. It's a part of the world we all understand, and I think we've got great plans to engage with the customers and the consumers.

Sure. Well, I think, I mean, the short answer is we've got continued momentum. We have volume growth in the U.S., which we didn't have for a long, long time. We've got positive pricing there. So I think the execution of bottlers continues to be strong. Our partners remain pleased, exciting. I mean, Arca announced a big investment recently. So I think there's a lot of belief that we can continue to do well in North America. We have good strategy. As you look around the rest of the world, I mean, we had a very good first half in China. We refranchised the system in China. We've now got 2 really strong partners with Costco and with Swire. And we had a much better start to the year in China. Good volume growth. Good revenue growth. And again, as you go around, look at either the refranchisings we've done or new bottle combinations that are coming to being around the world, and even, honestly, some of our existing bottlers, who want to be part of the refranchising, continue to invest and continue to grow. So the system remains strong. Of course, there are countries here and there that are challenging. The system remains strong. It's executing and so, therefore, collectively, we're all doing better. I think the headline growth by the company is symbolic and a proxy for the fact that system is -- this bottling system is also doing better.

Sure. I mean, overall concentrate CSD sales, I mean, the headline level in line with unit cases. And of course, there's 1 day less in the first half, which, on a straight-line basis, is about 0.5 point, I mean, 1 day in 180. So it's not a massive difference. I mean, in theory, it will reverse itself in the second half, which, in a way, is a small headwind in the second half. But I think I wouldn't over engineer the thing. There's no big buildup of inventory of concentrates or finished products. It's largely a building ahead of a strong summer, a strong marketing program with FIFA. Therefore, I think, it evens itself out over time. We may be fractionally ahead in the year-to-date. Maybe it'll come off in the remainder of the year. But it's all within the balance of what we're expecting.

Yes. I mean, look, I mean, the Coca-Cola sparkling beverage category is in developed countries, is in slight volume growth, with positive pricing. Our strategy is to focus on transactions. We'd rather have more transactions even if that meant flat or even slightly less volume, but more transactions with less calories and with more revenue. And we think that'll create a stronger franchise. And I think that's what you're seeing in the numbers across the developed markets. And I think when you look at incident rates, as we would call them, by young adults, then I think you see people starting to reengage with the category as we bring out smaller packages, as we bring out zero sugar options. And so I think we're starting to see that trend in the U.S. come to a different place, and that's the strategy that we're following. We think it's going to play out over time. Now the reality is the reason we're doing beverages for life is also because it's not going to go back to what it was 40 years ago, when there were relatively limited choice about the number of beverages. When you look at any consumption patent data across the developed world or, in fact, the developing or the emerging, the 2 biggest factors to call out is people continue to come into the commercial beverage market. Incidence rates for commercial beverages continue to go up. Yes, they're trying to have less calories, but total incidence in commercial beverages is going up. But it's more diversified. Therefore, if we want to have and engage with a vibrant industry that's growing, we need a bigger portfolio. So we need to do justice and maintain the relevancy of the sparkling category, which is about consumer engagement, the marketing, but also smaller packages and 0 calories and some innovation, but also about winning in some of the other categories we've chosen to focus on. Consumers are buying more beverages, but they're buying a bigger diversity.

You want to take the last one.

Sure. So I mean, Africa is doing well. We had some pretty broad-based growth in Africa in the second quarter and in the first half of the year. So I think Africa's -- we've always had a good business in Africa, one of the biggest private businesses ultimately with our bottling partners in Africa. We make a lot of investments there, and we think it's got an excellent, long-term future. And we continue to invest. We've been -- I mean, just in the second quarter, we did well in Nigeria and some of the other kind of northern and eastern countries in Africa. As it relates to South Africa, let me -- I'll say sort of generic, and then I'll relate it to the CCBA, because it's not related. In South Africa, we didn't do so well in the second quarter. That was anticipated because of the implementation of the sugar tax in South Africa in Q2. We had a reasonably good plan. I don't think we, perhaps, were as aggressive on the reformulations as we should have been. Competitors were more aggressive. And so we quickly course corrected in the quarter, and now we've started to do better. So in the short term, the biggest thing that's happened in South Africa is the implementation of the sugar tax, and we've adjusted and are sorting ourselves out for that. And things will get better into the second half. Nothing has happened in the second quarter as related to the timing on CCBA. Everyone knew that the sugar tax was going to come in. As was previously commented, we talked about trying to sort this out by the back half of the year. Clearly, the process was a little slower at the beginning for a number of regulatory and approval reasons. Slowly getting started. It's up and running. We've got a number of interested parties in -- existing bottlers, potential new South African partners. Data rooms are up and running. The management presentations have happened, and we're expecting to get back indicative proposals in the coming months. And of course, in the end, it go back to what it always will be. Once we got those, we'll be asking ourselves a question, "Do we have the right partner with the right philosophy, with the right investment plan? And can we do this at the right price without looking to -- we're looking to sell, of course, at the price that sets them up for success, that recognizes the value of the asset." And hopefully, that will come together in the coming months, that we'll be on track. But we're going to do the right thing for the business there. Hopefully, we'll get the right answer. And -- but we're going to focus on making sure we continue to invest for the long term in South Africa and the rest of Africa. It's a vibrant continent, and we're very positive on the growth of each and every country there going forward. 
So with that, let me say thank you very much to everyone for joining the call. To conclude, we had a strong first half of the year. Our performance reflects the ongoing cultural shifts in our business, embracing change, focusing on growth with discipline and becoming increasingly entrepreneurial in spirit. This has resulted in an acceleration in our business, and we remain focused on delivering our full year EPS guidance. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.