Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, thanks to the tremendous efforts by our associates and our bottling partners, we executed on our key emerging stronger priorities as many parts of the world gradually reopened. As we continued to deliver on our transformation, we are encouraged by our results and are raising our top line, bottom line and cash flow guidance even as we are accelerating investments for the future. 
At the same time, we also recognize the trajectory may be dynamic and understand that we must remain flexible to respond to changes in the environment. This morning, I'll provide a business update and discuss how disciplined innovation and more effective and efficient marketing are driving broad-based share gains and are delivering enhanced value for our system. Then I'll hand the call over to John to discuss our financial update, including our improved outlook for the year. 
Last year, in the face of a global pandemic, we laid out a path to emerge stronger from -- across 5 strategic priorities. We are delivering against those priorities, and this quarter demonstrates the power of our system. We started 2021 with promising results. Mobility in business levels improved in the first quarter, and this trend continued in the second. 
Consumer mobility increased in markets where vaccination rates are reaching meaningful levels, and our business has recovered as we lap last year's biggest lockdown impacts and see our strategies in motion. Consumers have started to return to many prior routine. And as a result, our away-from-home volumes steadily improved as a percent of our business this quarter, driving strong price/mix and margin acceleration across the enterprise. However, the recovery remains asynchronous and several parts of the world have dealt with further waves of infections, leading to delayed openings and, in some cases, heightened restrictions. 
India and Southeast Asia were our only areas that did not see sequential volume acceleration on a 2-year basis this quarter. Despite the asynchronous recovery, our revenues and earnings in the second quarter surpassed our 2019 results. We also made progress on share this quarter. We said many times that gaining share is a key objective in our emerging stronger agenda. And I'm pleased to report that we have achieved that objective with broad-based share gains across categories as well as in both our at-home and away-from-home channels in the quarter. And importantly, despite away-from-home channels not having fully recovered, our value share today is higher than the 2019 levels, confirming that our effective brand building and innovation, along with our advanced revenue growth management and market execution capabilities, are working. 
So let me dive a bit deeper into the key drivers across our geographies. In Asia Pacific, China saw continued momentum across categories driven by both volume and improved mix with Trademark Coca-Cola. We outpaced the overall macroeconomic recovery and by strong performance in away-from-home channels and business-to-consumer e-commerce. Australia and New Zealand were bright spots, performing at or close to 2019 levels, but they are currently seeing renewed lockdowns. 
While Japan is struggling to come out of lockdown, there have been tangible successes with consumer-led innovation, small-pack initiatives and improved customer execution of key initiatives. As I mentioned earlier, in India and across much of Southeast Asia, resurgence in the virus impacted further recovery. As India's restrictions have eased a bit, we're encouraged by the level of resilience in both the business as well as our system associates as they have navigated this resurgence. 
In EMEA, Europe is still being impacted by some level of restriction. The vaccination rates and consumer confidence are improving. Because of this and our strong bottle alignment and marketing investment, we are seeing a much improved away-from-home mix even as at-home volumes continue to grow. Great Britain and Russia, where mobility was at the highest, show noticeable volume outperformance relative to 2019, and sparkling soft drinks gained or maintained share in most of the top 10 markets in Europe. 
Eurasia and the Middle East are performing well despite a diverse recovery landscape. In Turkey and Pakistan, strong execution during the key Ramadan holiday and emphasis on snacking and meal occasions drove new consumers to the Coke brand. Africa delivered a strong first half performance, with affordability packages delivering good results despite tightened restrictions heading into the winter season and vaccination rates that are behind the rest of the world. 
In North America, the consumer environment improved through the quarter as many states lifted restrictions and consumer mobility increased. More frequent social gatherings and rising travel and event activity drove significantly higher demand for our brands in away-from-home channels, while at-home volumes remained robust, leading to broad-based share gains in the quarter. Within away-from-home, eating and drinking was the strongest performing channel with travel, hospitality and at-work trailing. 
In Latin America, lockdowns eased as vaccination programs rolled out in countries such as Mexico and Argentina and stimulus programs in Brazil and Chile also helped drive recovery. Our results and year-to-date share gains in the region continued to be driven by commercial initiatives to improve execution as well as a focus on affordable packs like refillables. 
Costa's U.K. coffee shop revenues recovered almost entirely to 2019 levels through the reopening phase despite ongoing capacity restrictions. Increased consumer traffic and digital momentum are also supporting recovery as restrictions eased in other countries where we have a retail presence. 
Our Bottling Investments Group faced pandemic-related challenges, particularly in India and Southeast Asia, but managed to sequentially improve or gain share in India, Vietnam, the Philippines and South Africa. BIG also made great progress against this growth and productivity agenda, increasing year-to-date comparable operating margin approximately 300 basis points from the 2019 levels. 
Our category teams are collaborating with a global lens, enabling us to move even faster towards our Beverages for Life ambition. Our continuously engaging consumers around their passion points and testing ideas in a coordinated and increasingly digital way, we’re getting even better at what we've always done best, building loved brands around the world. 
For a few examples. The Coke trademark portfolio is experiencing robust growth, led by brand Coke and driven in part by Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, which has contributed double-digit growth in value and volume year-to-date. The new Coca-Cola Zero Sugar recipe has already launched in nearly 50 markets across 6 of our operating units, including last week's announcement in the U.S., with more to come this year. Early results indicate the recipe and simplified packaging design are resonating strongly with consumers. 
In sparkling flavors, we’re accelerating our Zero Sugar offerings and executing global campaigns to focus on key occasions. Sprite has done well globally, benefiting from the Let's be Clear campaign, which has led to improved share gains. Likewise, What The Fanta mystery flavor campaign in Europe drove accelerated growth and improved share. 
Dairy remains an opportunity for the overall portfolio with premium offerings in key brands like Hollandia drinkable yogurt and Santa Clara's flavored milk showing healthy growth. We continue to leverage fairlife's great success in the U.S. with a recent expansion in Canada. 
There are many bright spots in hydration, sports, tea and coffee. We see momentum across brands in the U.S., including good results from our renewed focus on smartwater, a new brand bundle from Gold Peak tea, exciting flavor innovations in Dunkin' coffee and continued growth from expanded distribution of Topo Chico sparkling mineral water. We've had early success with Costa ready-to-drink launches in Asia with meaningful share gains in key markets in China and was already voted a hit product in Japan. 
The rapid consumer traction and attractive proposition of healthy indulgence by AHA, which began as an intelligent local experiment in the U.S., led us to believe it can transition to be a bigger bet and travel internationally. The recent launch in China with the local name of Little Universe has been encouraging, with meaningful value share gains in a short period of time. We continued to build our momentum with the launch of AHA's first 360-degree marketing campaign with a significant digital emphasis titled, Can I Get an AHA? 
Finally, last summer, we announced more exploration in the dynamic flavored alcoholic beverage category with the launch of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer is now in 17 markets worldwide, and we've authorized Molson Coors the right to produce and sell Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in the United States. 
Launching a global brand in markets where the categories are at different stages of development comes with many learnings, and our local knowledge allows us to adapt with speed to win or, in some cases, develop this new category. From strong performance in Europe where available to top 2 position in Mexico, to the U.S. where velocity is robust and the products has enjoyed positive consumer reaction, we are encouraged by recent trends and are gaining valuable insights along the way. 
We continue to make progress with our consumer-facing digital propositions. Internally, we were building out our platform services organization to support the enterprise as we have a sizable opportunity to become a holistic digital leader. Digital is of the utmost importance, and we're also building an integrated ecosystem of platforms that create value across the digital and physical worlds. 
We are partnering with our bottlers to leverage the power of the system's physical footprint online, creating enhanced value for customers across the globe for a best-in-class eB2B platform. With pockets of excellence in many regions, we are working with our bottling partners to evolve and streamline our approach. Working together as a system allows us to improve distribution economics, solve unmet needs of outlet owners and opens new revenue streams by providing other CPG brands access to our deep customer relationships and global distribution network. 
We are building a digital one-stop shop for customers, seamlessly offering most of the products they need to stock their shelves and operate their daily business. We're also ensuring consumers get the frictionless experience they demand with more availability and assortment of the products they need and love. 
On top of the initiatives discussed today, we also continued to work with our bottlers to embed RGM principles and integrate execution capabilities into our processes to continue driving basket value and incidents as the world reopens. Through enhanced execution, we have an opportunity to win with more consumers and grow share by having the right products in the right channel at the right price, supported by the right activations. 
We also continue with our sustainability agenda to create shared value for our stakeholders and the communities we serve. In addition to integrating ESG considerations into our daily business decisions, during the second quarter, we released our Business & ESG Report, highlighting progress across all our goals as well as our World Without Waste Report, which focuses exclusively on our work to create a circular economy for our packaging materials. Highlights include the continued rollout of 100% recycled PET with 30 markets representing approximately 30% of our total sales offering at least one brand in 100% rPET packaging. We've continued the expansion of refillables and dispense packaging and ultralight-weighting technologies, and we delivered a 60% global collection rate for packaging in 2020. 
We are proud of these achievements and we know there is more work to be done. Recently, we announced that we've become a global implementation partner for The Ocean Cleanup's river project, supporting the deployment of cleanup systems across 15 rivers across the world. We will embed our marketing capabilities into this partnership to create consumer awareness of the issues and the actions we're all taking. 
Putting it all together, we realize there's a range of possible outcomes when it comes to the pandemic in the second half of the year given the asynchronous recovery. While we overdelivered relative to our expectations in the first half and have raised guidance for 2021, we are biased towards a growth mentality and will invest behind this momentum going into the rest of the year. Our networked organization is beginning to help us move faster to capture opportunities and create value for our stakeholders. As a system, we are increasingly equipped to win, and we're excited about the future. 
Now I'll turn the call over to John to discuss our second quarter results and the drivers of our updated outlook.

Yes. Sure, Dara. Well, firstly, I'm not sure I would characterize the U.S. as past COVID. It’s certainly moved to a phase like several other markets where there's high levels of vaccination, where the COVID, the most serious parts of the COVID, are affecting mainly the unvaccinated as well as some of the vulnerable. So it's not over, and we can see that in the numbers. If you just take a look for a second at what's happened in the U.S., a couple of interesting things as it's moved into this reopening phase. 
Firstly, consumers, as we've talked before on these calls, we've always believed that humans are social creatures and that once the restrictions come down and the panorama of the virus allows people with confidence to go out that they will go back out to all of the away-from-home channels. They want to be social and they will go after the experiences. And this you can see very much beginning to happen in the second quarter. 
So if we look at our away-from-home channels, you can obviously see large rebounds compared to the second quarter last year, which is obviously logical given how much they fell last year. But they have not yet all reached the levels of 2019. You can take a couple of channels like QSR, which was one of the ones that went down least last year as they pushed delivery, as they pushed pickup and closed the in-room dinings. Those channels, even though many QSRs have still not yet fully reopened in restaurant dining, they have bounced back and are back kind of at or above 2019 levels. 
So for example, QSR did well and they're doing very well now. Whereas, if you take channels like bars and taverns, they went down by about 3 quarters -- last -- Q2 last year. Now of course, they've reopened. People have flocked back, and they have gone up by 200-odd percent, but that still means they're not back to 2019 levels. And you can go through the various away-from-home channels. 
Obviously, travel and transportation are very like [ bars ]. So people who had a good second quarter last year have generally held on or expanded on those gains in this 2021. And some which have bounced back are still not there, in part because COVID restrictions are still not fully gone and confidence is still not fully back. 
But interestingly, and I think positively, from The Coca-Cola Company's point of view, if you look at the at-home channels, those that -- those gains or those -- that extra consumer interaction with brands and products at-home over the last 15 months has created some new behaviors and engagement with brands that may well be enduring. So it's quite possible that, over time, we will both regain the away-from-home business that we had before and hang on to some of the gains in the at-home. I mean you can look at e-commerce, which was the poster child for growth in Q2 last year, which grew exponentially. That has basically stabilized, grown a little bit this year. So they've held on to a step-up. But you can also see that in some of the large stores, which obviously did well last year. They continued to grow this year. So you're getting growth on growth. And even the small stores that were impacted last year are bouncing back. 
So net-net, you look at the U.S., you see an enduring resilience in the step-up of the at-home business and a rebound in the away-from-home business that is in progress but not yet complete, and I think that's what's driving the business. And that pattern, I think, is very visible if you look around other countries at like stages of development in the COVID trajectory. In other words, restrictions are coming down and there's a high percentage of the population vaccinated and, therefore, big reopening, whether it's the U.K. or other places going into Europe.

Sure. Wabi is a set of features in a digital ecosystem that allow us to both do direct to consumer, and I'll come back to it specifically how, and to do B2B, both or either for just the beverages or for multi-category orders. Now predominantly, where we're using Wabi in partnership with our bottlers is more in the B2B space. We have done some experiments doing B2C. But in the case of Wabi, the model that was used, which is very appropriate in Latin America, where you have a very high density of mom-and-pop stores, essentially, the consumer uses the Wabi app to place an order. 
If they want to have a whole set of Cokes and Fantas and Sprites or whatever, that order goes into the app, and the app then shops the order to the mom-and-pops that are nearest to the consumer and they can accept that order, much like a ride-hailing service. And given that they're likely to be 50, 100, 200 meters from the consumer in these high-density cities, they will just run round the product and deliver it in a very short space of time, 15, 20 minutes or less. 
And so it is very interesting. And we've actually also used it -- used that platform with some of the QSR restaurants in places like Argentina to do the same thing. So it's an interesting experiment. We're getting a lot of insights and data. We have also expanded on the B2C place to actually add other categories of other FMCG partners. So now you can place an order at the mom-and-pop for a whole series of categories, not just beverages. So getting lots of interesting data and insights on that. 
The other thing that we're doing with B2B with a number of the bottlers is using it to accelerate the digitization of one part of the relationship, particularly with the fragmented trade, whether it would be mom-and-pops or restaurants and cafes around the world, which is, of course, now that the rollout of smartphones and smart devices everywhere is expanding, you don't necessarily need the salesperson to turn up at the store in order to capture an order. And so we're blending the use of the sales force to do -- drive account development and drive all the in-store activations that we know create impulse purchases and give us advantaged execution, but leverage the platforms to drive order taking. And again, we're getting a lot of learnings with the bottler on how that improves not just efficiency, but just as importantly, the effectiveness of the selling and the execution process. 
Again, there are -- depending on where you are in the world, sometimes that's just a beverage approach. But we've also got some experiments where it's a multi-category approach through the platform, and links to either wholesalers who deliver either all or the non-beverage categories, et cetera. 
Anyway, standing back, the net of it is, we continue to see the ongoing digitization of the interaction, both at the consumer with the retailer and the retailer with the suppliers. And we think the Coke system globally, with our bottling partners, is in a tremendous position to expand our -- the depth of our relationship with the retailers. And we are being open-minded as to exactly what form that takes and working with them to drive a whole set of experiments to see what works. More to come.

Yes. Sure. So our expectations for the year, obviously, we said we wanted to get back to 2019 levels, and we made good progress. And we believe we're emerging stronger, and we're obviously raising the guidance. As we look into the back half of the year, as John said, we're being clear-eyed about the puts and takes that exist out there. I think the first thing I would suggest to you is really take a look at the 2021, whether it's -- whichever quarter you want to look at and have it on a 2-year stack basis, whether that be the volume or the price/mix. Obviously, you've got to look through the stocking and destocking of the gallons because, obviously, this time last year, we were destocking gallons rapidly. And then notwithstanding the extra days in the first quarter, we've been restocking gallons in this second quarter. 
But if you look at volume and price/mix on a 2-year basis, what we're expecting to see is, yes, some continued improvement into the back half of the year on a 2-year stacked volume basis as more countries get more vaccinations done and more restrictions come off. Clearly, there's plenty of room for different things to happen, the famous asynchronization, because markets go up and markets go down. But generally speaking, we expect to see steady -- some steady, although very moderate, sequential improvements on a 2-year basis. 
And similarly, on a price/mix basis, we're looking -- actually, we start looking at price/mix on a 2-year basis in Q2, you see it in the sort of ballpark we've always talked about. We've always talked about it in the long-term growth model, that we're kind of expecting 2 to 3 on price on any average year. And when you start looking on an annual -- on a 2-year basis, so taking the annual increase, you start to see that in the second quarter. And so our expectations of price/mix are not to see something radically different, notwithstanding the 11% you saw in the second quarter. Clearly, it's not going to continue at 11% because it's cycling a much more negative number in Q2 last year, which is heavily driven by package and channel mix. But once you look through all of that, we, in underlying terms, essentially maintaining the same approach that we have had historically pre-COVID during this kind of reopening.

Sure. I'll try and offer a few thoughts that might help. Clearly, when countries have gone -- when infections go up and greater restrictions have come back in during the course of the second quarter, you do see negative impacts on the business. Now over the last 15 months, we have worked very hard to make our business more adaptable and more agile and able to pivot in the restrictions to help the consumers get the beverages they love, but often, in the very short term, it impacts the business. 
So if you look at places where infections have spiked up recently in the second quarter, so Vietnam went into some restrictions. They've done a good job of avoiding large restrictions. And so they were doing fine the first few months of the year. And then all of a sudden, they've had some restrictions, and they were negative in June. Similarly, India, earlier in the quarter, brought in a strong set of restrictions and the business went negative. But then when they reopened, they bounced back. 
So clearly, whilst we have adapted the business and made it more resilient to levels of lockdown, when these do occur, wherever they do occur around the world, it's going to impact the business. We're going to bounce back quicker, and we're going to suffer less, but it is going to impact the business. And so as you think about the outlook, clearly, the direction of travel of COVID, its variants, the levels of infections and the levels of restrictions are going to make a difference to the business. 
And then as it relates to immediate consumption and future consumption, if I look on a worldwide basis and I look on a 2-year stack rate, what you can see is that now we have steadily improved through the course of the pandemic such that the immediate consumption of volumes are now slightly ahead of 2019 levels as we exited the second quarter in June. So -- and as I said in the opening or in the reflections on that first question from Dara on the U.S., that has not been followed by a mirror-image decline in the at-home. Clearly, some of the at-home on a 2-year stack basis goes down because people are now out and about and at work. And so you now see the 2 of them tracking -- you see the at-home tracking at the 2019 levels as well. So that's why we feel that there's some sequential improvement coming in the downhill, moderate but some.

Yes. So clearly, obviously, the comments I made about pricing are on the 2-year stack basis and that we kind of see -- when one takes out the effects of channel and geography, what you would see, if you had all the data, but what I'm saying is that, over the course of the pandemic, we have taken a steady approach to pricing to continue to price for our brand strength and RGM. 
And then, of course, we manage input costs increases over time and we use our hedging strategies to not have -- to try and minimize the amount of sudden bumps. Because our overall belief is that, if we focus on creating the growth of the beverage category for our retail customers ahead of their overall business, then that will be good for them and that we will do and gain share within that overall strategy. And that is best executed through steady investment in brands, steady investment in execution and the use of RGM to meet the consumer with the pack size and the price point that they want. And that includes then managing through the increases in input costs in a rational and staged way, and we obviously leverage hedging to make that easier for us to do. And so we do believe that categories or those people who have brands that have strong consumer resonance will be able to pass through costs, as we have done historically. 
We've -- whilst in the U.S., inflation has been very moderate for an extended period of time, as it has been in Europe, we have plenty other countries in the world, which experienced high or double-digit levels of inflation. And so the strategy on how to manage through that and stay engaged with the consumer to keep the momentum in the business and keep the margin structure steady or improving is a capability of the Coke system.

Sure. Thanks, Carlos. I mean we continue to drive the collaborations and the innovations. If I just pick up a few of the ones that we've sort of elliptically connected to today, Wabi, which started in Latin America both as B2C and B2B, we have used the platform to work with our bottlers in other parts of the world, whether that be Europe or beyond, on helping us work together to improve the digitization and the B2B capability beyond this. So you're seeing expansions of those experiments out of Latin America. 
You'll see expansions of experiments in the U.S., whether it be AHA, which has continued to perform very well in the U.S. so far this year. We've launched that in China. Or in fairlife, which has done very well in the U.S., we're taking that to China as well. And so there's some kind of moving from the west to the east. 
You've got experiments that were taking place on Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which kind of started in a way as a global idea. It's now in each of the continents, and we've continued to expand it. There are some things going on in Asia, in the kind of nonblack tea segments, where we experimented in some of the ASEAN countries, and it's expanding around. 
So there really are some great experiments out there. You could even go to some of the packaging ones like the use of rPET, 100% recycled PET, which is really a key factor in driving a circular economy around packaging materials, started really in Europe, coming to the U.S. recently with the 13-ounce bottle that we put into the marketplace. 
So we're never satisfied, as a kind of a philosophical starting point, but they're certainly starting to see more experiments happen out there and more discipline in working -- which aren't working and stopping them and which have legs to be taken to the next place. And interestingly, you're starting to see those experiments move in all directions. It's not just developed to developing or west to east or any one direction. It's actually really starting to be ideas coming from all around the world and really having to go through and work out which ones deserve the shot at expanding globally.

Yes. Sure. So we're still very much in the learning phase. It's not a category we are familiar with, particularly with the alcohol. It's got a number of important characteristics and regulatory characteristics and business characteristics that we need to learn about. So we have not got to a stage of concluding anything more strategic or coming to the point of view that there is a bigger vision for us out there in the flavored alcoholic beverage space. We want to learn and understand more before we decide anything, one direction or the other. 
As it relates to some of the learnings so far, I mean, clearly, what we've discovered is, obviously, it makes a difference if the category exists or doesn't exist in any particular country. I mean we're in 17 markets to date. We're on track to be in 28 markets around the world by the end of the year. We're learning what it takes to compete where the category exists. We're learning what it takes to help grow the category where it doesn't exist. So we're pleased, for example, in Latin America, where, for example, in Mexico, we're the #2 hard seltzer. And getting some good traction and good velocity in Brazil where it's more of an undeveloped category, there's more kind of development needed, and so we're trying to work out how that happens. Similarly, in Europe, it's the #1 or 2 performer in terms of rates and velocity in Europe. And so I think it's very interesting what's happening there. 
And obviously, in the U.S., it's got a lot of good traction. While it's still, of course, relatively small overall nationally, it's done particularly well where we have focused, or where Molson is focused to launch, which is in Texas. And it's done very well in Texas, looking good in kind of the southern states, California, in Florida, too. Retail customers, we understand they're very bullish, lots of display activity and activity. So we're looking to see that continue to expand. 
Of course, we're conscious that the overall hard seltzer category has come down in terms of its overall growth rates in the U.S. That's not ultimately that big of a surprise to us because it is a category that has been predominantly an at-home channel category, much less bars and restaurants category. And so as people have gone back out, clearly, some of those occasions have moved from at-home to away-from-home. So it's not too surprising that some of the strong tailwinds the category got -- in the lockdowns, have lessened. But we still think it's very interesting. It's got some long-term potential in the U.S. It's very on-trend for a lot of consumers. And so we're continuing to look at that and push on that and invest to see where we can go.

Yes, I mean in terms of -- kind of 2 ways of looking at it. One, those countries where the Olympics are broadcast too and then the actual activations in Japan itself. I mean clearly, in Japan, given the restrictions, we have dialed back all the physical activations and are supporting appropriately, keeping supply of beverages to the athletes, et cetera. But the physical activation is essentially not going to happen. 
And then -- and so really, it’s -- as much as anything, it's about leveraging the airtime that the Olympics are going to get in places like the U.S. to market our programs. But very specific marketing activation at a large scale isn't going to happen, in part, it was like the uncertainty of whether they were going to happen or not led us to move away from having any large extra fixed cost investment in activating the market, the Olympics for this year. So we will leverage the airtime to market our brands. 
You can still note -- even today, the deputy -- one of the people in Tokyo said that, Who knows what's going to happen, whether it will actually start. So we very much are taking the approach of take away the physical activation, take away any fixed cost that can only be used in the event of the Olympics and use any rights and times we have for the general marketing of our brands.

Yes, Laurent. I mean we're -- obviously, the answer is it depends in a way because each country has a slightly different mix from the starting point of Zero or depending if you're in a country that still got Diet or Light and the size of Classic. And so the starting point matters. 
Two, clearly, it's a mix of everything. What we like most about driving Coke Zero Sugar is we get a lot of business that is not self-cannibalization. If it was all just coming from Coke and Coke Light, it would be perhaps necessary, but not very exciting. What's exciting about it is that we are helping expand the Coke franchise. In other words, if you start standing back and looking at it globally, you can see both the growth of Coke original, the very fast Coke -- growth of Coke Zero, only some of which is coming from the cannibalization of Coke Light or Diet Coke, depending on wherever you are in the world. So it's a net accretion to the Coke franchise.

Thanks very much, everyone. As we said at the beginning, look, we're delivering on the priorities we set out for ourselves to emerge stronger. Hopefully, you could see that in both the results and our guidance. And we just want to take the opportunity to thank once again the extraordinary effort of our associates, of our bottling partners and all our partners that have allowed us to deliver these results and to raise our guidance for the outlook. 
Our system is strong. Our bottling partners are strong. We continue to invest behind momentum and the huge growth opportunity ahead of us. Thanks for your interest, your investment and for joining us today.