Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. 2019 is off to a good start with strong underlying performance as we leverage our transformation as a total beverage company. We continue to win in a growing industry. The nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverage industry grew value 4% in the quarter. And we gained global value share with a balanced contribution from most developed and emerging markets, led by strong performance within our sparkling soft drink business. 
During the quarter, we delivered 6% organic revenue growth, cycling 5% last year. Growth was broad-based with positive performance across each of our operating segments. Of course, there are often timing impacts on a quarterly basis, and we did see a net benefit in this quarter, which John will cover in more detail. But to be clear, we delivered strong top line growth in the quarter, which we converted into 16% comparable currency-neutral operating income growth, and comparable EPS was up 2%, which was comprised of 13% comparable currency-neutral EPS growth, partially offset by an 11% currency headwind. 
So our disciplined growth strategies are working well, and we're on track to deliver our full year guidance. As you know, our industry continues to evolve, and our approach to addressing this encompasses our op system acting with discipline to drive growth. 
First, innovating and investing in our core categories and brands as well as in emerging spaces. This encompasses everything from massive categories like hot beverages to emerging ones like Kombucha. And it allows us to proactively address innovation opportunities that stem from blurring category lines. Second, we're looking at how we operate as a company from our existing geographic segments to our new Global Ventures segment. 
Third, our system is aligned and engaged with improved execution. Our bottling partners are investing for growth, including cold-drink equipment and incremental feet on the street as well as implementing more segmented revenue growth strategies. At the same time, we're investing in digital capabilities. We engage with consumers, interact with our customers from reduced costs across our enterprise. 
So starting with our brands. Constant innovation is crucial for sustained growth. Brand Coke, which includes our flagship product and its many variants, has momentum because it has been continually updated to maintain its relevance. Over the past 3 years, innovation has helped accelerate global retail value growth each year, including up to 6% growth in 2018. 
This growth is in large part because of the success of Coke Zero Sugar, which didn't happen of course overnight. We refined and expanded Zero Sugar over time, and we see more growth ahead. Coke Zero Sugar succeeds because it builds on the brand edge of original Coke, on its taste, its upliftment, on the energy boost that the product provides, all these in a product that doesn't have calories or sugar.
So what's next for brand Coke? You will see us to continue to innovate to capture additional consumption occasions and need states. One example that I've talked about before is Coca-Cola coffee, which we tested in several Asian markets last year. Coke coffee was designed to reach consumers during specific occasions and channels like the mid-afternoon energy slump at work. We've learned from these pilots, and we now plan to launch in more than 25 markets around the world by year-end. 
We're also pursuing another logical extension on the Coca-Cola brand with our test of Coke Energy. This takes one of the original brand edges of Coke, its energy boost, to a new level and a new taste. This product is designed to the white spaces where the energy category isn't well-developed. 
But our approach to innovation is not limited to brand Coke. We're taking other brands and pushing into new spaces to offer consumers what they want by leveraging the brand edges. For example, Innocent, our leading juice business in Europe, expanded into plant-based beverages. And within our challenger brands, Simply, our premium juice brand in the U.S. recently launched a new line of smoothies. 
We're also improving the way we operationalize our innovation pipeline. Within our explorer brands, almost half of our country category combinations are growing volume double digits, which is up from about 1/3 a year ago.
While we often talk about innovating in products, our evolution is just as much about changing how we work. Our organizational needs are ever-changing as our portfolio and competitive environment become more complex around the world. So we're adapting. 
One example is the creation of a new operating group, Global Ventures. The goal is to accelerate some of our businesses like Innocent and Costa Coffee that have the potential for growth across traditional borders. While the acquisition of Costa Coffee plays a significant entry point into hot beverages, it's also more than that. Costa is a platform in coffee overall. This requires more and better connectivity than ever before. 
We spent the first 3 months ensuring the transition from Whitbread went smoothly while building connections within our existing business units. And Costa is performing in line with expectations. As we look to the second quarter, we'll be launching our first ready-to-drink Costa products, expect to hear more about that in the weeks ahead. 
Turning now to our geographic performance. We saw good results in many markets around the world. Our emerging and developing markets are growing organic revenue double digits. And our developed markets are performing well, delivering mid-single-digit organic revenue growth.
In EMEA, we grew organic revenue 14% driven by continued growth in Europe and Turkey and improved performance in Russia. We also benefited from our European bottlers increasing their inventory levels as a safeguard for a potentially disruptive Brexit. Across Europe, revenue growth management initiatives and Zero Sugar innovations are creating sustained momentum in the majority of our markets. Not only has this benefited price/mix, but unit case volume was up 4% for our European sparkling soft drink portfolio. This performance is balanced with growth in our tea and hydration categories as we broaden out the portfolio.
Turning to North America. Our results continue to mount steady progress driven by strong marketing and execution. Organic revenue was unfavorably impacted by 2 points for 1 less day in the quarter and the Easter shift and grew 1% driven by disciplined price pack management and solid value growth within sparkling soft drinks, juice drinks and value-added dairy. Our sparkling portfolio benefited from the continued strong performance in Coke Zero Sugar and new flavor innovations like Orange Vanilla Coke, which helped drive 6% retail value growth for brand Coca-Cola in our flagship markets.
Unit case volume declined by 1% in North America as we continued to focus on providing consumers with smaller pack sizes. For example, mini cans grew 14% in the quarter, contributing to transactions and our pace in volume while driving significant value for our system and our customers. 
In Latin America, we delivered 6% organic revenue growth in an increasingly difficult operating environment. Argentina's economic environment worsened, high inflation increased the salary gap and impacted private consumption. The volume here declined double digits, but we gained value and volume share by adjusting the price pack architecture focused on transactions and maintaining our consumer base.
In Mexico, we're working with our bottling partners to ensure our revenue growth management initiatives continue to drive momentum. And Brazil. Brazil is on an upward trajectory. Our turnaround plan is working with volume up 5% and transactions up double digits in the quarter. Incremental cooler placements and increased availability of our refillable packages are helping to drive this acceleration. 
Finally, in Asia Pacific, we saw good performance in China and India along with accelerating momentum in our Southeast Asia business unit, which drove 4% organic revenue growth for the segment overall. Execution around Chinese New Year was strong, contributing to 9% volume growth and double-digit transaction growth in China. 
In Japan, our system continues to deal with the supply chain impact from natural disasters last year. Manufacturing capacity remains tight but is improving with additional lines ramping up in the second quarter. So we expect this to ease the capacity shortage, but full recovery will take until next year. In Japan, unit case volume was even. New product launches drove momentum in tea and coffee during the first quarter while we cycle the benefit of a strong innovation pipeline in sparkling soft drinks last year.
So in summary, we had a good start to the year. Our strategy of being more consumer-focused and creating value for our customers is working. And we are confident we will deliver our full year targets and drive shareholder value. 
I'll now turn the call over to John.

Sure. Let me offer you a couple of thoughts, Steve. I think one is to -- one metric that we track and I think we've put some numbers in our CAGNY presentation, if I remember correctly, is looking at the contribution of innovation to overall volume or revenue growth or gross margin growth. So just tracking quite simply what was existing and what was new and what's contributing to the base. And that is useful to us not just to know what's new and what's existing, but on the thesis that the most important thing is to work out how to stay relevant, there are innovations which are about new products and there are innovations about marketing and packaging, which is all aimed to help us stay relevant. 
So innovation shouldn't be seen just as narrowly as the physical liquid product. It needs to be also seen as the packaging and the marketing. So we do measure the narrow, which is the product, but we're also invested in the broad. And ultimately, what that ladders up to is driving the framework we've talked about, which is the leader, challenger, explorer and the zombies. So in the end, the innovations in the product, the packaging, the marketing, the execution, the co-brand, it's all about getting more quality leadership positions. 
And so we're measuring there how many of the leaders are growing faster than personal consumption. And are they expanding their leadership position? How many of the challengers are gaining a decent amount of value share each year? Because if they don't gain a decent amount of value share each year, they'll never arrive at being leader. And how many of the explorers are growing double-digits? We called out in the scriptures then that with half the explorers are growing double-digits and there was only 1/3 last year. So innovation should be seen as in service of creating quality leadership for the brands, and that's the kind of the highest level metric that we look at in the end.

Yes. Okay. I think the first thing I would say is that the Asia Pacific volume growth in the first quarter was very much in line with the volume growth in 2018. I think the question that was out there was, in the fourth quarter, when it softened a little, was that a blip or was that the emergence of something else? And I think at least with the first quarter, the fourth quarter looks more like a blip. So I think it's a retaking of the momentum we had in 2018. 
Specifically what was driving it was, for example, in China, we had very strong performance by the whole Coca-Cola trademark as well as emphasizing kind of single-serve water and the kind of the recreating value in the water category that has been an ongoing theme for us in the China business. Obviously, all of that was wrapped together with a good Chinese New Year. Tremendous activation on the marketing programs there. So really, a solid quarter by the Chinese business. 
In India, we did well, good performance by the sparkling, but we also had in the case of India really strong growth in the juices. Maaza, which is the local mango-scented juice business, was up very strongly, along with some of the Minute Maid local Indian fruit flavors. So a nice performance there. We also saw Southeast Asia do better. Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, Vietnam, they were all in double-digits. So a really good performance across Southeast Asia. 
And Authentic Tea House, I know it made it into the release, and I think it's starting to continue to do well. So we are pleased with the initial results. It's going to be a very -- it's definitively in the category of explorer. So it's growing. But I think there's a long, long road to go before we are happy with where we end up in tea in China.

Sure. I mean I think, firstly, it's certainly encouraging to come out of the gate in the first quarter with a strong start. And as you say, taking the timing aside, I think we can call the first quarter a 5. It's obviously our smallest quarter. So there's still a long way to go in the rest of 2019. And I think it's still a question of the macros versus what we can execute against ourselves, very much as it was in the last call. I think since we last spoke, the IMF has come out and reduced its forecast for the year again. 
So I think the macro environment remains of a lower level of growth than it was in 2018 and a degree of uncertainty as to how some of the bigger issues around trade are going to play out. Depending on the week, it can be blowing a little more optimistic or a little more pessimistic. But I think fundamentally, the macro environment remains very similar to what we have been planning against for the last number of months. 
Obviously, what we are focused on is the execution against our strategy. We think we have a strategy that's right for the consumers and the customers for 2019 and well into the future. We and the bottling partners are focused on executing against that. We're going to have to deal with the ups and downs in some of the trickier parts of the world, whether that's Argentina or the Middle East or other places that are under pressure. But we think we have a plan that's going to work. 
So I think in the end, it comes down to we are confident in our guidance. We had a good start in the first quarter although it's the smallest quarter. And we will continue to focus on managing what we can manage to deliver a good result in 2019.

Sure. I think, firstly, the way we are seeing the opportunities for innovation in a product sense is in a way at the blurring edge or partly at the blurring edge with some of the categories. So the opportunity to have a Coke and coffee variant of Coca-Cola is really at that juncture of what are the benefits that people see in Coke versus what are the benefits they look for in coffee, especially perhaps in some of the markets where the occasions are less well-developed. 
Said another way, in the developed economies, 3/4 of what people drink is already a commercial beverage. So they have a certain view as to what drinks go for what on what occasions. But in the emerging economies, only 1/4 of what they drink is a commercial beverage. So there's still a lot of, in a way, creating of the occasions and connecting of brands and benefits to certain occasions. So there's opportunities to expand categories and to leverage the blurring of the edges. 
And I think Coke coffee is a great example of that. It started out in Southeast Asia in that afternoon slump and really married the benefits of Coke with coffee in a very unique way and has done most. And there's nothing about that, that detracts from some of the more direct coffee drinks that we've launched. Obviously, we've got Georgia coffee, we've got some other coffee drinks in the U.S. with partners, and we see a great opportunity to bring Costa ready-to-drink to the marketplace. We'll be doing that later in the second quarter. So as we do that, of course, it's likely that will be concentrated in the markets where Costa already is, and we'll be coming out with that later in the second quarter. 
And then as for how we foresee the rollout of the coffee platform, not just the ready-to-drink, but the vending and being a beverage partner with beans and machines, that we'll come back to later in the year as we have time to really solidify the expansion plans with the management of Costa. Obviously, we closed the acquisition well ahead of schedule. The integration has gone well and is ahead of schedule, taking the business and the services out of Whitbread and connecting them to the Coke system. And we're currently working through the various stages of the synergy plans we see ahead.

Yes. I mean Coke Energy, the -- again, this is something that a base -- the dynamic of the blurring of some of the categories and the boundary between some of the categories. So there's -- with every category, and energy is no different, there's a very core to the category, a central proposition that everyone understands the category to be.
And then as the boundary of the category, people have made innovations by adding other ingredients and starting to connect to benefits from other categories. And in the case of the energy category, there has been a lot of growth in the central core of what the category stands for, and that's what's propelled the category forward in largely North America and Europe and a few other parts of the world. The energy category in itself is still in development in many emerging markets. 
And therefore, there's an opportunity in complement to the core brands within the energy category to work at the boundary. And Coke Energy obeys that dynamic. I mean it's got the credentials and some of the origins to be able to connect to some of the energy need states. So we see that as a space where the energy category can grow. And we see that across our whole series of geographies. And we're going to experiment with Coke Energy and see how it works and then obviously refine the proposition. And we think it will help complement the other brands that sell successfully in this category.

We'll give everyone a shot at the question before we come back to the second one.

Yes. Great question. I think there's a difference between what's central to the brand and what are innovations that are likely to be either in or out or, in a way, noncore to the identity or the most central part of the brand. And so I would see brand Coke and what it stands for, and therefore, Coke Zero Sugar as a key part of what the Coca-Cola brand is. 
Now things like coffee, that's at the beginning, we'll see how that develops. Clearly, that's a product variant that's crossing over into another category with coffee. And obviously, there is a danger there, as you say, that it becomes -- it starts to change the nature of Coke itself. 
Orange and Vanilla, I think, is a flavor. We've had some history with flavors. Whether it will ultimately end up proving to be one of those ones that endures and is available in the market but doesn't get support or not, time will tell. There are a number of them, and they are different in different countries. And I think they add some interest and some connection to the brand. But they are ultimately not marketed in that sense and really driven by availability.
In the end, what we have to steward is the vibrancy of the total brand. And of course, those variants that make up the core of the brand. We do that through a whole series of metrics, whether it be consumer metrics or in-market metrics. And I think that is a key challenge and an imperative, not just for the brand teams but for the management as well.

Well, I think the nature of being in CEO or in corporate management is nothing is ever as fast as you'd like it, but that's a challenge on how to improve its speed rather than something you can live with philosophically. I think, look, the reality is that you get a bit of everything. When there's a successful innovation in a market, there's a very high likelihood that one of the neighboring markets will have seen it and moved on it before anyone from the center needs to say anything. 
In the end, we have to set up a system that allows that. Why? Because it's impossible for an enterprise as large as Coke to have everything directed from the center. It's just not possible to know everything, and it's not possible to issue enough instructions to all the different markets. The system has to rely on the center focusing on the highest-leverage decisions. That could be moving in innovation around the world or ensuring that an innovation stay in a certain form. But it tends to be directed at a few big decisions and then a focus on talent and culture and a system that can allow an organic amount of self-generation. 
So to take the example we've talked about so far today, Coke with coffee. That started out in Asia Pacific. They came up with one variant. The next market then started to move on it before it was really something that the seller was worrying about or looking at. They actually then updated the formula, so it already went from 1.0 to 2.0 by the time it went to the second country based on some of the learnings. And then as it got moved out further, yes, there have been further evolutions of the formula. 
Obviously, one of the things we've done from the Corporate Center is try to make sure there's some unity in how the variant is being thought about and how the formulas are being developed. Because ultimately, we have to push against the trend that every market thinks it necessarily has to make the thing better and that we'll end up with 200 versions of everything. It doesn't have to be 1 version, but 200 is also probably the wrong answer. And so we do apply a process of pressure to get into a corridor that we believe is appropriate to both satisfy local consumer differences, yet drive the growth of the global brand and an efficiency of an overall supply chain.

Yes, sure. I think that the headline, unfortunately, Laurent, it's too early to tell. It's only really just been launched. The first sales are only just being made. It seems to have resonated well in the first couple of weeks. And so given how early on it is, it's not -- we're not at a stage where we can really make a good call on where are the incremental sales coming from. Obviously, they're still small at this stage. So I think it's very -- it's too early to tell. Obviously, we'll be looking at it in the coming weeks and months, and we'll be able to become clearer as we go forward.

Yes. We've got a good strategy in the U.S. focused on investing in the brands, building out the portfolio, working with the new network of bottlers post refranchising to execute the strategy in the marketplace with a packaging approach, a smaller package. We have a standing strategy in the U.S. that has been successful in allowing us to help the industry to grow for our customers and for us to be able to gain share within that total industry, and that again played out in the first quarter this year. So we think it's a strategy that works for us. 
Obviously, as other parties, large or small, invest in the industry, I think it says 2 things. One, it says the industry is attractive because it's got growth and profitability. That's why people want to enter. And it says we need to up our game because the industry is going to become more competitive. And I think that's, in the end, good news for The Coca-Cola Company, and it certainly has been over the last number of years in North America. We've been focused on driving sparkling beverages, and that's continuing to do well, particularly Coke Zero Sugar. 
BODYARMOR has had a good start in the sports drinks category. It's certainly been one of the things that's been driving growth in that category. So we're going to continue to invest. We're going to stick to our overall game plan. And we'll focus on working to make our brands as relevant for consumers and our plans as value creating for the customers, so we can remain competitive in this attractive industry.

Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today. To conclude, we had a solid start to the year. We capitalized on our momentum coming out of 2018, and we'll continue to drive our strategies for the remainder of the year. We remain confident we will deliver our full year guidance. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.