Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by noting that we're operating in truly extraordinary times. Times of great challenges, but also times in which we can see many key opportunities ahead.  
First and foremost, on behalf of our company and our entire system, I'd like to share our deepest sympathies for all those who have been affected by this global pandemic. We also sincerely thank those who've been working to keep all of us safe through the crisis, particularly those on the front lines in the health care community. I also want to recognize our system associates who are ensuring we can continue to supply beverages all around the world.  
We're still in the most intense first phase of the crisis in many places, if not most of the world. Through it all, we remain grounded in our purpose to refresh the world and make a difference. We start with employee health and safety, which is paramount, followed by business continuity and our support of communities around the world.  
The vast majority of our office-based employees are working remotely. For those associates in our manufacturing and distribution facilities, we're using enhanced hygiene and sanitation practices. Through these practices, we are ensuring our system associates are well and our products are safe and that they're delivered safely to our customers and consumers.  
We're closely linked with our bottlers on business continuity, which includes contingency planning for our global supply chain. And thanks to these hard work efforts across the whole system, we don't foresee any material disruptions at this time.  
It's important to note that our business has a long heritage of supporting communities in times of need. The Coca-Cola system has made significant commitments to support relief efforts in markets impacted across the globe. Our system is committed to contributing more than $100 million and is focused on community relief programs, medical supplies and equipment during the outbreak phase as well as on developing other actions for the recovery phase in markets hit hardest by the pandemic.  Those commitments to date include the $40 million charitable grant from the Coca-Cola Foundation. 
We are working collaboratively with governments at all levels: federal, state and local, to help steer the nation and the world towards recovery. We are all confident that we can, with the communities we proudly call home, rebound if we all work together for a better future.  
Now as we look to the future, we recognize these are truly unprecedented times. And for that reason, we will take a different approach to our guidance and our discussion today. Recognizing that the operating backdrop has changed rapidly in the last several weeks, we will spend limited time discussing our first quarter results.  
In addition, given the great uncertainty in the current environment, we feel it's prudent to hold off providing fiscal year 2020 guidance. We expect to come back in our second quarter call in July with greater clarity.  
Today, I'd like to share, one, what we've been learning and observing as the situation evolves. Second, the actions we're taking now both to adapt to the current environment and to best position ourselves for the future. Third, and finally, what gives me confidence that we will emerge even stronger.  And lastly, I'll turn it over to John to discuss our financial strategy.  
The first quarter began with good momentum coming off strong results in 2019. We were successfully executing our long-term strategy. Through February, we had solid broad-based strength across the globe with the exception of China, where the progression of the virus was already well ahead of the rest of the world.  Looking at it, excluding China, our business was growing volumes 3%, and we were continuing to gain value share. 
But as shelter at home and social distancing practice increased rapidly and globally, there has been temporary but profound pressure on our customers and our business. The biggest impact has been a sharp decline in the important away-from-home portion of our business, which includes our eating and drinking channels as well as our on-the-go orientated channels like convenience retail.  
While our exposure varies across markets, away-from-home broadly represents about half of our business given our strong share positions. In some markets, like the U.S., drive-thru operations and carryout have helped offset some of the pressure, but most restaurants are operating on limited hours and are seeing overall trips decline sharply.  
In the at-home channels, we've seen some early pantry loading, particularly in certain developed markets at the beginning of many of the lockdown phases. Then as we get past the initial phases of the lockdown, however, we are seeing levels normalize.  
In other markets, like India, for example, the severity of the distancing measures has negatively impacted at-home as well, simply due to the significant reduction in shopping trips.  At this stage, it's a little too early to determine exactly what level at-home trends will stabilize at. 
We've also seen a significant increase in e-commerce channels, where we have been accelerating our presence versus the pre crisis. However, given the net effect of these shifts, we expect a temporary but significant impact on our business in the second quarter primarily coming from the slowdown in our away-from-home business.  
For context, if we look at our April month-to-date trends, we are seeing volumes down globally approximately 25%, driven by the sharp declines in our away-from-home businesses. Fortunately, based on the latest projections, we do expect the second quarter to be the most severely impacted.  
With that said, there is still a good deal of uncertainty around the trajectory of the pandemic as well as the resulting macroeconomic impact. While we're seeing different impacts across geographies and at different times, generally, we expect 3 phases. The outright with its corresponding social distancing measures; a period of graduated reopenings; and finally, a return to a new normal.  
Consumer mindset and shopping behavior will be different in each phase, and they'll vary across markets, but we foresee some similar patterns that I'll discuss in greater detail.  Of course, we can look to China for some early learnings about the various phases. I'm happy to say that our plants there are all operating and employees have returned to company offices in Shanghai.  
We're seeing encouraging signs of increased consumption as outlets reopen, resulting in sequential improvement in China. However, the consumption is still lower than prior year, and we expect the full recovery to take time especially as there are still limits on crowd sizes.  
As we anticipate a recovery in China, we're planning key actions with bottlers to regain momentum, including our pre summer sales promotion and increased cooler placement. We will follow the strategy that has proved successful before the pandemic, adjusted with greater focus on channels and packages that will have traction as the new normal unfolds.  
While we're encouraged by the improving trends in China, we recognize other countries may not follow the same trajectory and changes in social distancing practices may be gradual. And the situation in China could certainly continue to evolve. It is simply too soon to estimate exactly what might lay ahead. 
That's why we're taking swift action now to adapt in the near term while best positioning ourselves for success later.  Our global workforce is a critical asset, and protecting people and roles is a high priority. Teams around the world are being asked to work differently and they're rising to the occasion. We have implemented real-time network collaboration routines to accelerate knowledge sharing. We're adapting local market strategies across our system, including supply chain, stakeholder engagement and workforce management. We've adopted dynamic resource allocation practices in many regions, matching people to projects and scaling the best ideas across geographies.  
In many ways, the strategy we laid out at CAGNY remains the same, centered around brand building, innovation, revenue growth management and execution. Having the ability to dial up and recalibrate aspects of that strategy is critical in this environment.  
A culture of agility is key. We are working seamlessly with our bottlers and retail customers to meet real-time demand given the rapid shifts in customer patterns. Bottler alignment has never been more important, and the work we've done to strengthen the system in recent years is bearing fruit in stepped up execution.  
For our retail customers, grocery stores, for example, we're focused on maximizing system efficiency by ruthlessly prioritizing to deliver on core SKUs and key brands and help customers simplify their supply chains. We're also taking this opportunity to reshape our innovation pipeline to eliminate a longer tail of smaller projects and allocate resources to fewer, larger, more scalable and more relevant solutions for this environment.  
With shoppers spending less time browsing, it's crucial that we work to minimize out of stocks and maximize share of visible inventory. In markets around the world, we've redeployed on-the-ground sales reps and especially those orientated towards the on-premise trade and refocused them on merchandising, resulting in increased share of displays of stock on the floor.  
As consumers adjust to stay-at-home lifestyle, they're making fewer shopping trips and filling bigger baskets often based on availability and orientate to known, trusted brands. Therefore, we are working with our customers to maximize promotional effectiveness and reconsidering multipack promotions and frequency to ensure the mix of our product and packaging offerings are meeting their needs.  
Our consumer-centric total beverage strategy has enabled us to deliver products that shoppers want when stocking up on essentials, whether it's to refresh, hydrate or provide functional benefits. We also recognize the importance of customers, both big and small, and are working to support independent retailers. 
We're implementing measures to support small retailers in many countries. For example, in Brazil, mom-and-pop stores face mounting pressure, and they are a key pillar not only of our business, but local communities. We have played a leading role in the formation of the small trade activity recovery or STAR program. Along with consumer product peers, the STAR coalition will connect companies, government and small retail associations to help small and medium retailers.  
We've also experienced an upsurge in e-commerce across the globe, with the growth rate of the channel doubling in many countries. Consumers are getting necessities delivered to their door, in many cases, with contactless delivery.  Revenue growth management plays a key role in our current strategy as we shift towards package sizes that are fit-for-purpose online sales and as we reallocate consumer and trade promotions to digital.  For grocery e-delivery companies, we've increased in-app visibility with a focus on multi packs so consumers can access our beverage within a click's reach of desire. 
We are also acting fast to address the needs of restaurant partners as they adapt to the current environment.  In North America, we've offered our foodservice restaurant partners an alternative to fountain drink by ensuring bottle can availability for delivery. In the U.S., we partnered with the national leading food aggregators to increase our product profile and accelerate customer menu optimization via included beverage options and value bundles. Also, we've recently played an active role in The Great American Takeout movement with the National Restaurant Association.  
We're also being mindful about the right level of brand marketing and new product launches given the consumer mindset across markets. We've developed and determined that in this initial phase, there is limited effectiveness to broad-based brand marketing. With this in mind, we've reduced our direct consumer communication; we'll pause sizable marketing campaigns through the early stages of the crisis and reengage when the timing is right. These plans will vary from market to market, with our earliest reengagement focusing on the recovery in China.  At the same time, we are leveraging our associates to address longer-term opportunities, recognizing that near-term realities will subside. 
Looking ahead, we may not know the exact shape of the recovery, but we are taking action today to be prepared for the future. For the recovery phase, RGM is key as we prepare to strike the right balance of affordability and recruitment packs in addition to premium offerings. This is one area where we are much better positioned versus our system 10 years ago when our portfolio and SKU optionality was not nearly as sophisticated as it is today.  
We'll also embrace some seismic consumer behavior shifts that are taking place, especially in e-commerce. We believe the accelerating expansion of the channel is sustainable, and we want to continue to be well positioned for long-term growth. We are investing in digital capabilities to strengthen consumer connections and further piloting several different digital-enabled initiatives using fulfillment methods, whether B2B to home or B2C platforms in many countries to capture online demand for at-home consumption in the future. We're seeing good results in these early days and are looking to scale similar partnerships with more customers.  
In times when crises hit, it can be easy to lose sight of the long term, but we will continue to build a more sustainable business for the future. Late last year, we refreshed our purpose statement: to refresh the world and make a difference, and our company's purpose is now more important than ever.  Tomorrow, the company will publish its 2019 Business and Sustainability Report, reflecting a continued journey towards driving a more sustainable business. 
While there are still many unknowns ahead, we do know that over 134 years of business, we've seen many types of crises, be they military, economic or pandemic, and the Coca-Cola Company has always emerged stronger in the end. We are in a better position today than we were heading into previous periods of challenge. We've made meaningful progress in accelerating our capabilities, reshaping our bottling system, pivoting our portfolio and transforming our culture. Undoubtedly, there will be ups and downs in the coming months. But with our bottling partners, we are clear on what needs to be done, both now and into the future, to manage our business, focus our strategies, accelerate our actions and redirect our investments.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to John.

Let me offer a few thoughts and see whether that helps. Firstly, there's a set of, in the famous expression, known unknowns here that heavily influence the shape of how long this -- the virus crisis will last and the resulting economic crisis and the degree of ups and downs and volatile on the way. And those known unknowns are all out there, and we can't determine which way they're going to take us. And I think that's important because while there are some learnings from the earlier markets like China, South Korea or even some of the European markets, we're still at the beginning. We're still at the beginning.  
What do I mean by that? We can see the path of how China or South Korea or Singapore, some of those countries came into the crisis, how the lockdowns occurred by channel, by pack, by brand, the change in consumer behavior; and then being able to follow that journey as they have opened up and the thing has started to stabilize. 
And you can see China, we were doing great in January. We had a fantastic start to the year, double-digit growth. It was a very profound lockdown in February, much deeper than the minus 25% we're currently seeing globally, and we started to build back up volatile from week-to-week in March. And we're kind of getting close towards neutral in China now, still below where we were last year and where we were in January. 
But I think it's important to emphasize that doesn't mean it's over.  We can see from Singapore or Tokyo, Japan, they have a kind of a second wave of the lockdown. So what we see is very clear experiences on what happens in the first phase of the lockdown, pantry load, channel changes, et cetera, et cetera, and we've done a great job of moving those link around the world. 
Now we expect to see the next phase of the crisis come, which is post generalized global lockdowns. We're going to see a graduated set of reopenings around the world. How long they will take to get from where we are now to the new normal depends on these known unknowns, and could include further retreats to lockdowns as we've seen in a couple of countries. So we can't -- known unknown. 
What we can do is focus on what we're good at. We can focus on a few simple ideas. One, the beverage industry is a great industry. As I said on the call, every previous crisis, military, economic or pandemic in the last 134 years, the Coke company has come out stronger. We've done that by doing essentially 2 things at the same time. One, using the DNA of our system, which knows how to manage in an economic crisis resulting from whatever, manage the business on a day-to-day, week-to-week, quarter-to-quarter basis, having the flexibility and adaptability to do the right amount of brand building, innovation, revenue growth management and execution in the market. But at the same time, have an eye on where is this going in the long term, such that as we work our way through the winding path of what the crisis takes us, we end up emerging stronger. And so I would emphasize, and that's obviously why we haven't provided full year guidance: we are still at the beginning. We may be at the end of the big global lockdown, but we are still some way from the new normal.

Yes, great question. Look, you could clearly see a set of clear trends on the packaging. I mean in the lockdown, obviously the away-from-home channels are down heavily, which means the immediate consumption packaging are down heavily. And we're much more focused on at-home, which tends to be larger or multi packs. But it also sees a big step-up in e-commerce. We've seen a near doubling of our -- of the importance of the growth of e-commerce for us. 
So once we get past the lockdown, I think we'll see an environment through these graduated reopenings of society still with the specter of the virus over us with the reality of an impacted economy. And I think what we'd like to see is a step change in some already ongoing trends like a step-up in e-commerce. It is both economically attractive and kind of "specter of the virus" friendly, so I think we'll see a lot more e-commerce. I think it will take time for the highest aggregation channels to come back, but I think they will come back in the end. In the new normal, there will be new consumer behavior at that point in time because ultimately we are social animals. That aggregation will come back. 
But I think we're also going to see a very profound theme of affordability. What we're seeing in the lockdown is not just the effect of the lockdown of certain channels, but I think an anticipation by the consumer of where the economy is going. There's going to be an economic impact. We're in the face of all this uncertainty. So we're going to see a lot more -- a lot more affordability where we've launched refillable PET back again in South Africa. We're investing in refillables in Latin America. We're really looking at how we can drive affordability for them. So a lot more e-commerce in the future.  We're certainly going to see a profound theme of affordability coming up in the next years. 
We're going to see a lot of attempts by governments, by us as well, to support the smaller outlet base as those will be the ones who've most suffered in the lockdown, whatever channel they're in. So we have been able to pivot, and we expect to continue to pivot our brand marketing, our innovation, our revenue growth management, and the execution by the bottlers through each stage of this crisis as it moves forward. Because in the end, the crisis management DNA is out there in the system. We may not have faced a global pandemic in living memory, but all around the world in the system, we have lots of managers who've been in countries which have faced crises. And as the specter of the virus lifts, what we'll be left with is an impacted economy -- some new consumer behaviors, but an impacted economy. And this is when the Coke system can shine and always has shone in the past.

Yes, absolutely. And 2 things come together in the short term, and they both work in the same direction, which is the crisis management of keeping the supply chain open while we have all these restrictions in the period of the lockdown and the virus crisis. And then I think you've got this likelihood of an impacted economy going forward for some period of time. 
In both those circumstances, both of those things lead you to a similar set of actions, whether you're a manufacturer or an at-home retailer, which is to focus on the biggest, most important, most well-known brands and affordability and making sure you can get availability in store. I mean one of the -- one of -- we've had a lot of focus on supporting the grocery customers because, of course, we've got a strong bottling system that can deliver reliable supply onto the floor. So we've seen ourselves be able to gain share of inventory in the store because we've been able to sustain the supply chain. So really being able to be there for the customers and execute and deliver product on the floor. But both us and them will also be driving to a rationalization on focusing on what's the most effective set of brands and SKUs to push through, which will mean a cutting of the longer tail in this coming period. 
Will more choice, more innovation come back when new normal and economy reestablishes itself? Yes, I'm sure it will. But in this period, it's going to be a question of focus.

Sure. I would love to be able to tell you there's an answer to that question, but there isn't. What we do know is what is -- we can see the shape of the social distancing measures into the coming months, and there are already governments that have distancing measures into Q3. We're very focused as ever on picking up on the reopenings. Those reopenings, if we take Europe and the U.S. in May and June, that people in government that are talking about 3 phases, and they're talking about the reopening part of phase 1, not yet 2 and 3 are happening in the same quarter. So I think we will see social distancing measures for some period of time into Q3. Hopefully, they will not be as severe as the second quarter. Maybe they will last through the fourth, maybe not. We just cannot know. 
What we have to focus on is, in a way to use your -- this alphabet soup of scenarios, the U, the V and L, we have to be ready in case it's a V. If it does bounce back, we don't want to be so conservative, we are not ready for a spring back of the economy and a spring back in demand. And we want to be ahead of the curve. I don't think it's -- I have said before, I don't think the V is the most likely scenario, but we will be ready if it occurs. 
The U, clearly you want to take the middle scenario, we understand. And certainly, I think the U is more likely than the V and how that's going to go forward. And clearly, we need to prepare to act on that one with a lot of the measures we took up. 
Is the L possible? Yes, the L is possible too. 
Our approach is to make sure we are both flexible and ready and have the plans charged and ready to go when the spring back comes. We also need to manage the recessionary period and the lockdown periods and social distancing periods with specific and tailored plans to do the best we can in those things. And of course, we need to be prepared and understand that if it is the L or anything along those lines, we need to have given ourselves some flexibility to respond to those scenarios as well. 
So the key that we are focused on is how we anticipate the scenarios that could be ahead of us across the whole range, how do we give ourselves the flexibility to act on them and make sure we manage the business day-to-day, week-to-week, month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, to get the best possible result as we go along this winding path, because we cannot see over the horizon, and yet retain a focus that by the end of this crisis, the Coca-Cola Company will have emerged stronger and be better set up for the long term, as it has always done in every previous crises for its 134 years.

Sure. We're clearly very focused on adapting the supply chain. And if I break it down into a few pieces, there's of course, sourcing the ingredients that we use in the concentrate in the bottling plant, our own concentrate manufacturing or fountain manufacturing, the bottling plants and then on through the distribution. 
There's been a lot of challenges. But I would like to congratulate the supply chain teams at the company and at all of the bottling partners for the incredible work they've done at basically keeping everything running. I was certainly on record a few weeks ago saying the supply chains around the world will be creaking. There's been a lot of pressure at the borders, whether it's the provincial -- province-to-province borders in some countries or country-to-country borders in other parts of the world, moving some of the ingredients that are basically shipped around the world. But once they're within the country, which is the larger of these, the great advantage of the Coke system is that the Cokes are made locally. All our drinks are basically made locally. The drinks in the U.S. are made in the U.S., the drinks in Germany are made in Germany, the drinks in Kenya are made in Kenya. And so the local supply chain is then able to work, designated as part of the food system so an essential service, to allow to run the production systems and distribution. 
So we've had relatively -- we've had some issues on timing of ingredients. Those are much better than they were a few weeks ago. Production facilities are largely running. We made a lot of adaptations to ensure safety and sanitation and security for the employees. And that's true over the concentrate plants and most of the bottling plants, just a couple of places that we see some plant shutdown. 
And then distribution, we've largely kept up and running everywhere and doubled down on that. Yes, there are issues in the odd countries here and there on the -- on availability of -- in some of the logistics for drivers or having to swap drivers at borders. But generally speaking, it's been -- we've been able to adapt, and it's the great strength of having ultimately a local supply chain in each country. 
And yes, there are some parts of the supply chain that are running 24/7. And there are some places -- parts like the fountain supply that are much more low utilization. And we'll have to manage through that as we see how these graduated reopenings start to take place in the coming months and quarters.

Bill, yes, we lost you. We can hear you now.

Yes. Yes.

Yes. Certainly, the expectation when you look at the -- to the extent that there are public reopening plans and talk about what the phases would look like, most sporting events sit in phase 3, i.e., towards the back end. So I think that it's pretty clear that we're going to see a relatively limited, not say none, amount of large sporting events with audiences in the next couple of quarters, but it's not likely. Hopefully, it will come to pass, but I think it's going to be difficult. 
Now how we adapt to that, and obviously, the biggest one of that is the Olympics, which has now been pushed out to next year. Obviously, there's some degree of fixed investment in the asset, in the sponsorship. And obviously, we're talking to all our partners about how this disruption of the virus impacts the assets and what we can do together. 
The majority of the spend is largely in the activation of the marketing programs with the asset. And those tend to be variable cost media buys of one sort or another or a marketing activation where we can actually repurpose that money to other things. 
So as John talked about on the call, we have been very assertive in increasing the degree of flexibility and reprioritization of all the marketing and OpEx, put all the marketing spend in the downhill of the year to maximize flexibility. Because we just don't know which channels or events are going to open up when and potentially change from one day to the next. 
And so we're maximizing flexibility. The good news is most of the marketing spend, the large majority of the marketing spend, is variable. And we retain the opportunity to change our plans as we go through the year.

Sure. We commented a little earlier that responding in a crisis has certainly been part of the DNA of the Coke system. From a cultural point of view, we have been clearly focused in the last few years on -- through some of the organizational changes through some of the work on training, skill building and developing the culture to increase the degree of agility, the nimbleness of the global organization, but also the degree of networking. It's become a much more networked organization, which obviously the 2 things work together, which has been fantastic in a way because there's no better time to have got better at those 2 things than when you've got a global crisis. And the value of the learnings that can be moved around the world is certainly very high. 
So we've been focusing on a number of things, the culture, but certainly ramping up the agility and the network, creating a networked organization has certainly helped us in this crisis. 
And then as we focused in on affordability, John mentioned it earlier, the revenue growth management approach has been part of our crisis management, actually was born in a crisis or many crises. And we have developed that capability around the world over the years. Actually over the last couple of years, we had another big push to drive revenue management capability throughout the world.  It wasn't just that we were looking for premium pricing and smaller packaging. Yes, we were looking for those things, but they were an output of a capability we were building that is now going to be turned towards responding to the different environments that we'll see across the different countries as their macros perform. 
And so the system, us and the bottlers, have upgraded our ability to really pivot towards affordability, in whatever shape that means in the country you're in and using whichever brands is relevant in the phase we're talking about.  So I think we are in the best shape we've been going into a global crisis than we have been for a long time.

Sure. Taking it a bit in reverse order, yes, if we -- if there's a big shift in the mix towards future consumption packages versus immediate consumption in any given country, that will be a headwind to mix in the coming quarters. There may be all sorts of other effects as John mentioned. Some of our vertically integrated businesses have been impacted. We run the fountain business or course through our BIGs. So there'll be a lot of mix effects in the coming quarters, but that one will be a headwind as we think about the future quarters. 
In terms of the trajectory of at-home, one can't simply look at March versus April because each country is following its own path. What we see is as the virus has started to take off, you start to see footfall starting to decline in some of the away-from-home channels. Then the lockdown starts to get -- occur and you get big declines in footfall in the away-from-home channels. And you get a spike in stock-up volumes in the at-home for a few weeks. And then you obviously are into the lockdown and then the numbers start to normalize, and you start to see some stability in the future consumption. 
Now what's happening within the at-home channel is you have to, I think, layer on conceptually not just a closure of channels and consumers moving from A to B, but an anticipation or at least a consumer response to the uncertainty of where we're all going economically, and therefore, shift in the prioritization of the categories that they buy even within the at-home channel. 
So it's quite clear and it's a visible pattern, not always the same categories, but it's a very visible pattern around the world. You see what consumers deem as essential spikes up and stays up in the at-home channels. Some things like beverages sell more, but not nearly enough to compensate for the losses in the away-from-home channels. And then some categories and the smaller SKUs get heavily deprioritized, both by the customers and by the consumers. So it's important to see those complete trends. 
It's certainly not the case that e-commerce is offsetting the losses from away-from-home. Relatively, e-commerce even though it's doubled in sales, for a beverage category, it's still a very small percentage of the total beverage category. So there's a lot of adaptation going on, and you literally need to go place by place.

Go on, John.

I mean we're going to have to manage the portfolio here. Certainly, we will have to look at each part of the world and adopt the strategy and the approach and the right balance of marketing, innovation, RGM and execution that's appropriate for the macro and the context of the consumer behaviors. We had a great program and a lot of momentum coming back into the North American business and also the European business. We'll have to manage each step as we take it. I mean certainly
[Audio Gap]
And so we will have lots of things ready to roll against the different scenarios we see coming out. So we certainly would be looking to see North America and Europe doing better as we come out of the new normal.

Sure. Our starting point is the approach that we compete locally. The economics of the industry are more local than they are dollar. So we focus on staying close to consumers and the customers and competing locally to build the franchise, to gain market share and to sustain or improve profitability in a local sense. 
In the short term, we do not -- that does not mean we use pricing to track and try and offset ForEx that will make us less competitive in the local context. Over the long run, clearly as currencies devalue, they tend to import inflation. And therefore, the pricing over the medium term tends to track to offset the FX. 
We've been hit hard, harder this year than we expected from some of the emerging markets. And we don't see ourselves pricing just to try and offset that. We will obviously be driving affordability to try and drive demand and sustain the business. And therefore, on the top line, we can try and make sure that we get the right level of profitability. 
Now over the last few years, we have tried to say, look, we do not aim for the Coca-Cola Company to just be the sum of all the local wins and occasional losses in the local marketplaces. We are pulling levers as a corporation to balance out the portfolio, to achieve objectives of making sure the shareholders get returns in U.S. dollars. 
Clearly, this year is going to be a very atypical year. We're going to manage the year as we've described. But going into the future, we will certainly be back to try and balance the 3 legs of the stool as we have tried in prior years.

Sean, thanks for the question. I'm glad you raised it because I should have highlighted in my remarks earlier with Lauren's question on commodities. The commodity outlook is favorable overall. And so I expect that both the company with our finished goods businesses, and indeed our bottling system, can take advantage of some of those commodity pricing in the rest of the year and into 2021. 
On the CO2 front, yes, we're aware of the challenges, particularly in the U.S., due to the bioethanol raw gas feedstock sourcing depletion. But our team has got a number of contingency plans in place, and we don't foresee an issue in the foreseeable future at this point.

Thank you. Coca-Cola has a history of leadership, of resilience and of doing the right thing, no matter whether the times are good or whether challenges exist. And this time will be no different. We've never been better positioned than we are today to manage through this situation and come out even stronger. 
So as always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in the company and for joining us today. Have a great day.