Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. As you'll have seen from our results today, we are pleased to report another quarter of strong performance, capping off a successful year in 2019. We delivered on our financial commitments for the year even in the face of stronger-than-expected currency headwinds. We see the right strategies taking hold, supported by the right partners, underpinned by a growing and vibrant industry, but we're just getting started. This is what gives us confidence in our 2020 outlook, and we are optimistic about the long-term opportunities in front of us. 
As regard to 2019, our business performed well. We gained value share globally in addition to gaining share in each of our geographic segments, achieving our largest share gain in almost a decade, with 34 of our top 40 markets gaining share. 
Organic revenue grew 6%, 2 points ahead of our initial forecast and at the top end of our long-term growth model. Top line growth was driven by strength across all the operating segments. 
Comparable currency-neutral operating income grew 13% versus our initial goal of 10% to 11% through accelerated top line growth and delivering on our productivity targets. Comparable EPS grew 1%, at the top end of our guidance despite a higher-than-expected 8-point currency headwind. Finally, we delivered $10.5 billion in cash from operations, up 37% from prior year and well ahead of our initial guidance. 
Our 2019 performance was the result of our broad-based success across the majority of our markets. Globally, we achieved high single-digit organic revenue growth within our developing and emerging markets, along with mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in our developed markets. So let me walk you around the world a little and touch on some of the strategic actions that we have been taking.
In North America, we delivered a solid performance in 2019, and we are well positioned with a strong marketing and innovation pipeline heading into 2020. Organic revenue grew 3% for the year and while we continued to gain overall value share, too. Trademark Coca-Cola drove our performance with 4% retail value growth. Volumes in trademark Coke were positive for the second consecutive year, even as we continued to execute on our smaller pack initiatives.
Across our refranchised North American bottling system, there is improved execution and continued conviction about the long-term growth opportunities for our business. Over the past few years, the system has invested nearly $0.75 billion to support our innovation and revenue growth management agenda. This includes expanding availability of our popular mini cans, which again grew in the double digits for the year.
Turning to Latin America. Here, we achieved 13% organic revenue growth while navigating a tough macro environment by focusing on the fundamentals. These included expanding cooler placements, acceleration of single-serve packs and increasing availability of returnable packaging in under-indexed markets. For example, in Brazil, we delivered the best performance we've seen in 7 years, growing more than twice the rate of consumer spending. Our results were driven by high single-digit growth of single-serve packages, due in part to a more than 20% increase in cooler placements by our bottling partners. 
This aligned focus and investment is a testament to the long-term opportunities our system sees in this large and important market. The resilience of our Brazilian business helped deliver solid results in Latin America despite markets such as Argentina, where the economic situation continued to deteriorate during the year. 
In EMEA, organic revenue growth of 5% was balanced between solid industry growth and strong share gains. Growth was driven by strong results across developed, developing and emerging markets while innovations with Coca-Cola led to the best performance we've seen in the last 8 years for the trademark. Our innovation with iconic brands also went beyond Trademark Coca-Cola. Schweppes grew double digits during the year, boosted by our new adult/mixer offerings. Fuze Tea continued to perform well across the group, now fully lapping its 37-market rollout in January of 2018. We have strong plans in place for the brand heading into 2020 focused on new winter flavors and no sugar antioxidant-infused offerings. These results led to the strongest share gains we've seen in years across the region, supported both by sparkling and non-sparkling gains.
Turning to Asia. A concerted effort to recruit new consumers and drive horizontal expansion helped deliver 5% organic revenue growth for the year. Across Asia, we added 1.4 million new customer outlets, led by our 2 largest markets in the region, China and India.
Our success in China is not just solely based on increased distribution. In order to help expand the consumer base, we've been adapting to the new digital-first consumer landscape. For example, we launched an integrated Coke and meal campaign with a heavy focus on online food aggregators. This helped us recruit more than 20 million new consumers, boosting our share of online meal ordering to over 60%. Actions like these led us to be named the fastest-growing FMCG brand in Asia by Kantar. 
I've also been encouraged by the system's response in markets where we face challenges. In Japan, for example, the system moved quickly to rebuild production capacity following natural disasters in 2018 and stepped up execution performance in order to support our innovation pipeline.
Across the globe, we've seen that a constant focus on innovation, revenue growth management and improved execution, all supported by integrated brand building, forms the foundation to deliver strong results today and in the years ahead.
Although we have much room to improve, I am pleased with the progress we've made across these areas during the year. On innovation, we've leveraged the strength of our flagship brand while continuing to innovate across the total portfolio. Coke with coffee, launched in 35 additional markets in 2019, is satisfying a new occasion and recruiting consumers back into the brand, driving incremental sales for Coca-Cola Trademark. 
We've also launched Coke Energy in select international markets. And while we've seen some success with the initial rollout, we'll continue to learn how to enhance the consumer proposition as we expand further into 2020, including our recent rollout in the U.S., that tastes a little more like Coke. We're putting the full marketing muscle behind our Coke Energy launch in the U.S. 
 
Turning to the juice, dairy and plant-based portfolio. NutriBoost continues to grow strongly across Asia behind our new and innovative functional dairy products for kids and young adults. NutriBoost started as an internal innovation in Vietnam and continues to expand across the region, including its latest launch in Australia. 
We look to continue accelerating our innovation pipeline in 2020. And just touching on North America, our innovation plans include the launch of AHA Sparkling Water in March with a distinctive edge in the sparkling water space as 2 flavor offerings contain caffeine for a little morning or afternoon pick-me-up. 
We're innovating within our sports drink portfolio as well, with the rollout of POWERADE
ULTRA, a breakthrough innovation for the sports drinks category with cutting-edge ingredients, including creatine and more electrolytes than original POWERADE. We're also expanding our capabilities through the recent acquisition of fairlife, giving us a strong position in the fast-growing, value-added dairy space. 
We've also taken several steps in the ongoing evolution of our revenue growth management agenda. We're strengthening our competitive advantage by making better, more informed decisions and making them faster, translating data into insights and insights into action. Importantly, these insights equip our customers with a new view on how to create value in the beverage category while not dependent on lowering prices to drive foot traffic. For example, working with one of our European bottling partners, we added an incremental 100,000 transactions per week for one of our largest customers through insights driven by our RGM capabilities. This kind of collaboration helps drive results, leveraging the power of our consumer insights to support growth for us, our bottling partners and our customers. It's another example of how we create shared value for all who touch the Coca-Cola business. And we're still in the early stages of building out these capabilities and see this as a source of growth for a long time to come. 
In the end, ultimately though, it comes down to execution, as you can have a fantastic brand, a compelling consumer proposition, but it must be available at the right place at the right time. And execution continues to be based on the fundamentals. For example, in the Philippines, through the placement of more than 10,000 coolers and a 23-point increase in order fulfillment rates, we achieved double-digit volume growth for the year, along with our highest availability coverage and market share in 7 years. 
To support our growth agenda, we've always been clear that M&A serves as an enabler to our strategy rather than a strategy in of itself. During 2019, we acquired Costa Coffee, which provides us a platform to create a world-class global coffee business. And we're moving with speed to build a strong foundation for long-term value creation under that brand. We started with the launch of ready-to-drink Costa across Europe, already achieving 6 points of value share in GB within the category. We've also accelerated placements of Costa Express, our premium self-serve coffee solution, including more than 700 units across key markets in the fourth quarter alone. And we're working closely with our bottling partners to accelerate the total Costa platform in 2020. 
While I'm proud of our team in delivering strong results, I'm equally proud of the work we are doing to build a sustainable business for the future. Our initiatives address water stewardship, sugar reduction, women's empowerment and climate. And I'll focus here on our World Without Waste initiative, which includes a number of goals to reduce packaging waste. We've made steady progress. For example, bottles made with 100% recycled PET are now available in 12 markets with more planned for 2020. Coca-Cola Sweden announced it would be the first market in the world to transition to 100% rPET, 100% recycled PET for all plastic bottles made in the country, a fully circular economy. 
In 2019, in Western Europe, we used nearly 30% recycled plastic across our total portfolio of PET bottles and are accelerating fast in line with supply. By the end of the year, we project to reach 40% recycled plastics in our bottles in Western Europe, targeting 50% by 2023 and working to increase the recycled content steadily thereafter. 
Within our flagship U.S. market, we teamed with partners and large competitors to launch Every Bottle Back program, which is designed to improve sorting, processing and collection in areas with the biggest infrastructure gaps. This will help increase the amount of recycled plastic available to be remade into beverage bottles. 
Speaking more broadly, we are preparing our system for the future with a flexible packaging portfolio. We're investing in innovation to design in sustainable solutions and design out waste, while also reducing our carbon footprint in line with our science-based targets. We're also maintaining a portfolio of aluminum and glass packaging and creating packageless solutions like Freestyle and DASANI PureFill to provide more choice.
As we look forward, I'm encouraged by the progress the organization is making, progress that gives us confidence in delivering consistent and sustainable financial performance. It's clear that our culture shift is gaining traction as we continue to raise the performance bar across the organization. 
Looking at the bigger picture, our success comes down to our ability to craft the beverage brands that people love and to refresh them in body and spirit. We strive to do this in ways that create a more sustainable business and a better shared future that makes a difference in people's lives, communities and our planet. Simply put, it's about loved brands done sustainably for a better shared future, and I look forward to sharing more with you at upcoming CAGNY.
So with that, I'm going to turn over to John.

Thanks, Dara. Look, I think the first fundamental point to make is we don't see any change in our underlying business momentum. As we've considered the kind of global macros and the geopolitics and the wins that could buffer things, we got really focused on what we can control and what we can drive and really putting together a program around the brand building, the innovation, the revenue growth management and the execution. That served us well in 2019, and we believe it will serve us well in 2020. So we're expecting a solid result in 2020. 
There were a few puts and takes in 2019 that perhaps favored the results a little, the contribution from BIG, which obviously is a little more disproportionately contributing on the revenue versus the profit line. So we feel that as we look out into 2020, we're seeing the same momentum, the same levers we know how to pull. And when you compare it backwards to kind of a 2-year runway or make a small adjustment for BIG, I think you see it's very much in line with what we're delivering. 
Of course, if we do better in the year, we'll update guidance as and when that becomes appropriate. But we think we've got a great plan. We've got solid momentum, 10 quarters doing in the range. And I think that's how you should think about 2020.

Thanks, Steve. Look, lots of moving pieces as one looks at the aggregate price/mix ratio. Obviously, 2019 was a little heavier on price/mix. I think there was some inflation coming through places like Argentina. We've certainly talked about previously how we're looking for a balance between volume and price over time. As you know, if you get up into the 5% to 6% growth, 6% last year, 5% year before, looking for 5%, we're looking for 2% to 3% of each, so clearly, 5% would be more than we were -- more than you would imagine in the long term. But we're going to focus on what drives the core business. The way I think about pricing is that pricing has to be earned. It has to be earned with the consumer. It has to be earned with the customer because they want their business to grow. So it's about the brand building, it's about the innovation, it's about the RGM initiatives. We've talked on previous calls about how we see that as a long runway of opportunity on RGM, on the pricing and the packaging opportunities and, of course, executing it. 
And just final thought is in 2019, the price/mix is a little overweighted by what happened with BIG being very strong as well. So we'll continue to push, to earn pricing, and we'll be looking going forward for a balance between price/mix and volume.

Well, firstly, I think our long-term growth model is pretty clear. And the revenue guidance for 2020 is in the middle of the range, and the operating income guidance is in the middle of the range. And yes, there's -- we're still projecting at this point in time a mild currency headwind, which then gives us the 7% on EPS. So I think the key is to keep looking at the underlying performance of the business in currency-neutral, and there's good leverage built in there. And we've certainly benefited over the last number of years from a lot of leverage from having coming out of refranchising, having focused on productivity, having used innovation to give us leverage between revenue and operating income. We see ourselves entering a more steady phase where there is continued leverage from revenue to operating income, in this case, 3 points, in the guidance for 2020. And it's partly being driven by productivity and partly being driven by innovation and revenue growth management. So I think there's -- that should be the stable outlook going forward, having come off a very strong period of getting operating leverage.
Do you want to say anything about earnings, John?

Perhaps we'll -- be exercise generosity into the 2 questions, as we kind of did too for Ali. On the plastics bit, Lauren, I mean, clearly, consumer awareness is going up on plastics in particular and packaging or consumer waste in general. So for sure, it's going up, U.S. and perhaps even further ahead, places in Europe. So check, awareness is going up.
Second thing that's happening is a -- I think the emergence of a more profound investigation of what does it really mean. Certainly, sometimes, initially there's a danger it becomes a philosophical question of plastic good, plastic bad, whereas, actually, when you get into it, the first thing to realize is there are different types of plastics. And some plastics have high value and are easily made part of the circular economy. Some have -- are very hard to recycle and have very little value. And then there's stuff in the middle. So what's happening now is a kind of a more structured move towards, okay, what could we really do about it? 
And what happens is 2 objectives come together when you stand back from plastic. And actually, it then applies to plastic, aluminum, glass, cardboard, whatever packaging materials you're talking about, is, 2 things come together: How do we have 0 waste? And how, in doing that, do we have the lowest possible carbon footprint? Because that's the other objective that's going to come back into the equation here. I think the plastics space started more on the wayside, but the 2 things are going to come together. And the objectives are going to end up being how do we design a system to deliver the brands and beverages the that people want with 0 waste and a lower carbon footprint? And when you go down that road and you get into plastics, for an example as the material, what you find is high-value plastics, in which PET bottles are the preeminent high-value plastic, if you can get them back, they're fully recycled and fully reusable in beverage bottles. And as we pointed out, we're going to have our first market in the world. We're going to achieve a circular economy of getting the bottles back and making them back into plastic bottles, a fully circular economy in Sweden with our model. And that -- those recycled PET bottles have a lower carbon footprint than just one-way bottle plastic bottles, but also have a lower carbon footprint than cans or glass, at least on today's technology. So actually, if your objectives remain 0 waste and lower carbon footprint, which is where I believe the conversation is going to move towards, then achieving a circular economy on PET is actually the best way to achieve that objective. 
Now there are, as I said, other types of plastic. And we, as a system, have gone through the process of -- and yes, the bottle has lots of value. There are other plastics we use like, shrink wraps, which don't -- are much harder to recycle, have low value. So for example, our Western European bottler is just going through a process of investing under the European Single-Use Plastics Directive, to remove all of that plastic from the supply chain and putting in cardboard. It costs a little bit more but it can be accommodated within the business system. So we're starting to work on how do we eliminate low-value, super-hard-to-recycle plastics. 
And then the bit in the middle, we're investing with companies, other people are doing it, too, on innovation. Because what's needed there is some new technologies, enhanced recycling. We came out with an innovation last year. We call it the marine bottle, where we were able to take very dirty PET, which doesn't fit in the normal stream, actually with enhanced recycling, chemical recycling, we're able to turn that back into food-grade PET. 
So I see the circular economy on clean PET bottles being the lowest carbon footprint and 0 waste. And that's the solution for today: new technologies coming in for the middle types of plastics, kind of complete the circular economy play; and the system moving out of hard-to-recycle plastics. Now all of that, if we do it collectively with peer manufacturers in beverages and other FMCG and retailers and put in place with governments the lowest-cost collection systems possible, this can all be accommodated within the business system going forward. And therefore, we can continue to use a range of packaging vehicles for the consumer, not forgetting that we are also one of the largest enterprises that have packageless dispensing, between our fountain business, our Freestyle business, our Costa Express business, we provide a wide platform of basically bottle or canless dispensing of beverages. And we're continuing to innovate with DASANI PureFill. So we will run a dual-track system and make sure we can offer the consumer the beverages they want and achieve a future where we have 0 waste and a lower carbon footprint.

Sure. Let me start with the culture piece and then come to the CMO piece. Absolutely, the -- what we said on the culture and simply put around, really fundamentally driving a growth mindset and celebrating all that's great about the Coke culture and the Coke system culture, but to get us more growth-orientated. And it's -- as I've said before, any large system, particularly a large, successful system, is predestined in a way, the effects of gravity, to suck focus inwards, the bigger and bigger it gets and the more successful it gets. And so it has to be pushed against. It has to be pushed against to drive an external view of what is the consumer doing? What do they really want? How are we going to help our customers grow the business? Without that, things will go wrong. And so that's been the focus of the culture shift, to really drive that. 
It then goes along with the organizational strategy around empowerment and accountability and backing it up with compensation. I don't think we should lose sight of the fact that cash got included in the compensation in the last couple of years, and we have done somewhat better in 2019 on cash. So it is about organizational strategy, the various components working together to drive the end result, which is about the growth mindset leads to a focus on growth which lead to better results. 
And as we think about that, switching over to the CMO question, we put in place the growth office with the purpose of providing more structure. We have spent a number of years expanding the portfolio into different categories with different brands. And we had not been disciplined enough about working out which ones were truly brands that offer the consumer a compelling proposition and which were just bulking up, and we have to come in and be more disciplined. So the work that the growth office did with Francisco driving it to create the Leader, Challenger, Explorer and the zombies and really get clear about what's working, what's not working and how do we administer and structure the portfolio in a more strategic way. It was a critical piece of getting more organized over the last couple of years. 
And now the next phase, which is kind of why we gone back to a more of a Chief Marketing Officer structure is having put that strategic logic in place, we have to continue to excel on 1 of the 4 fundamental levers of the business. We talked about brand building, innovation, RGM and execution, having a sharper focus on the hard core of marketing is critical. Now we have a clear structure on how we want to approach the portfolio.

At the moment, we don't see any problem accessing can capacity given our current plans, where obviously we have a global procurement team that works on buying aluminum and can capacity for us. And we believe we have good visibility into what we need going forward. I know there's some thinking out there that if plastics come under pressure, then cans are certainly going to shoot up. Cans are doing well. Certainly, we're going to continue with our strategy of driving the mini cans, which have been a strong piece of the North American success. 
So there's going to be innovation in cans. There's going to be more growth in cans. But we don't see the market becoming wildly unstabilized. And so we believe we have all the canning capacity with our supply base to drive the growth that we need.

Okay. Maybe I'll start with Latin America and exude generosity through the whole call. Argentina, I think, accounted for about 3 points of extra inflationary pricing within the Latin America numbers. So that would give you something in the kind of the low teens for Latin America for the full year if you excluded Argentina. And I think that's more consistent with what you see going backwards in time for price/mix for Argentina. We don't break out the kind of single serve in Brazil and the other pieces. So I think if you believe that Argentinian inflation is going to come down, then taking -- seeing Latin America's price/mix go back -- or exclude that benefit would be -- would then be logical. 
In terms of Coke Energy, we're certainly making a strong effort in North America, kind of a version 2.0, having done a 1.0 in a number of the international markets. One of the things we learned as we went into the North American market is we wanted to move the flavor profile of the product closer to Coke, less citrusy, more Coke-like. We think that's going to work well for the North American market, and we'll be rolling that formula out in some of the round-one marketplaces. 
Certainly, in terms of shelf space and execution in the customers, we're very clear and we're looking to take space from the energy category from the brands that are competitive to those carried by the Coke system. By which I mean, I also include Monster in that among the Coke system. So we're looking to take from other competitors and generate space. So the strategy is clear. We're looking to expand the access to the energy category, and we think Coke can do that. We're certainly giving it a go. And as you said, it's very early days. And so we don't have any clear conclusions yet in the U.S. marketplace, but it certainly seems to have generated a lot of interest.

Sure. Well, starting at the end, obviously, China's economy was in a different place when SARS happened almost 10, 15 years ago. Net-net, when seen on an annual basis, the effect was not particularly noticeable from a business point of view. Obviously, the human and health point of view is different, but from a business point of view, SARS did not ultimately seem to make that much difference. 
It's worth noting the Chinese economy is much bigger, and this could become more connected to the rest of the world. China accounts about 10% of our global volume, less on a profit and revenue basis, but about 10% of our global volume. 
It is early days. Our focus is: firstly, our employees' safety; secondly, to support efforts the Chinese government wants in accommodating what needs to be accommodated to help them deal with the crisis, whether that's making donations of product or money to help in the efforts, which we've already done through the Coke Foundation, through the Coke system and through donation of products; and then thirdly, to worry about business continuity and recoverability or recoverability and then continuity. 
So far, of course, the short-term effects are that the offices are closed. A good number of the factories are closed. And so that's the current situation. There will be -- there is an effort by, of course, the Chinese government, there still has to be food and beverage available for the population. So we, under the auspices of the Chinese government and their kind of crisis management, are reopening some of our manufacturing facilities to make sure we continue to produce our product for the population and get it distributed in a way that's not going to make the spread any -- be part of the spread. So it's way too early to tell what the impact in the short term is. And I think, ultimately, in the long run, it will rebalance. As I said, number one priority is employee safety; number two is help support the efforts to contain the virus and manage the crisis; number three, ensure business can be recovered and to support continuity in the short term.

Sure. I mean, the ability to drive RGM absolutely can be made more powerful and, to some extent, will have a greater reliance on our ability to capture, use analytics to generate the insights for the further round, not just of overall aggregate price packaging but abilities to work with customers kind of one-on-one in a segmented way to drive results. So no question that the increasing availability and general-ability, if I can just invent that word, of data is going to create a competitive advantage for the Coke system, for the bottlers to be able to drive revenue growth management and engage with customers on how to drive it. And ultimately, at some point, that will bring in AI and all sorts of other tools. But I see that as all under version 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 of driving RGM and that RGM is a competitive advantage for the Coke bottlers and the Coke system overall.

Thank you. As we've talked about, we made good progress in 2019 by delivering on our financial commitments and growing in a sustainable way. We continue to transform the organization to act with a growth mindset, which gives us confidence in delivering our 2020 targets and our ability to create a better shared future for all our stakeholders. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.