Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we saw ongoing improvement and progress. While our business continued to be affected by lockdowns in some markets, especially in places with strong exposure to the away-from-home channels, we are encouraged by the response and execution of our system. Together with our bottlers, we continue to focus on winning as the world reopens. We've moved quickly to address the near-term realities, and we are working to deliver on the priorities we outlined in our second quarter call. 
I'm also inspired each and every day by what I see from our associates, their resilience, their drive and their pride in this great system. They're working purposefully to serve our consumers and customers, and to do it safely. They are making a difference in the communities around the world. And for this and much more, I offer my sincerest thanks and appreciation. 
Today, I'll provide an update on the quarter, including where we're seeing the most improvements in our business and where recovery is moving at slow pace. Also, I'll share some thoughts on the remainder of the year and as we look forward to 2021. Then I'll share progress we're already making to emerge stronger. And finally, I'll hand over to John to discuss the quarter in more detail, including how we continue to execute in this challenging environment. 
In the third quarter, we continued to rebound from the pressures we experienced at the peak of the lockdown as the world generally moves into the recovery phase. That said, the trajectory of our business trends continue to be closely linked to the size of our away-from-home business in any given country and the level of the lockdowns in the market. 
From the 25% volume decline that we saw in April, the mid-single-digit declines through the summer and the low single-digit decline since September, our volume trends have continued to improve. Much of the sequential improvement has been driven by the away-from-home channels, which represent roughly half of our business globally. 
Our away-from-home volume was down in the mid-teens in the quarter, a significant improvement from the April lows, which approached 50% declines. This was driven by the agility of our sales teams throughout the system and the efforts to create value for our customers during the gradual reopening phase. We are seeing the away-from-home recovery starting to stabilize given the ongoing restrictions in many regions. 
Our at-home channels also saw an acceleration throughout the quarter. Specifically, grocery and e-commerce channels continue to experience solid demand, benefiting both from shifts in consumer behavior and our system's actions to capture those opportunities. The system is working jointly to manage the supply and distribution shifts, make key decisions around portfolio priorities and leverage digital data to identify new outlets to further growth. 
We continue to see progress, but the environment remains dynamic, and it is not a straight-line recovery around the world, different markets are seeing varying degrees of impact. 
In EMEA, at-home channels continued to perform well, and sparkling soft drinks and juices remained resilient. Volume improved in away-from-home channels throughout the quarter as activities resumed with limitations. 
In Latin America, volume improved as government restrictions eased. Specifically, Brazil continues to be an outperformer. But economic pressures remain, and our recovery in Mexico has been slower than expected. 
Moving to North America. Strong performance in at-home channels was offset by continued softness in our Foodservice business. While some away-from-home channels have been slower to recover, we benefited from traffic improvements in channels like convenience retail and quick service restaurants. Importantly, digital partnerships with restaurants and aggregators to optimize menus have resulted in a 4-point increase in attachment rates. And digital commerce retail sales have more than doubled year-to-date, outpacing the category. 
In Asia Pacific, China is well on its way to emerge stronger, driven by solid performance in sparkling's soft drinks. Recovery efforts in India and Japan continue, and we have seen meaningful improvement in the face of ongoing restrictions. Global Ventures remains pressured but has seen a significant improvement from Q2, with organic revenues improving by over 30 points. 
Our Costa retail stores, one of the most affected parts of our company at the peak of the global lockdowns, are now almost entirely open. While traffic is unlikely to fully recover in the near term, our First One on Us campaign has shown promising signs, driving over 1 million new consumers to the Costa app. We continue our journey to be a global, multi-platform coffee company under the Costa brand. 
Across our channels and regions, our brand portfolio is working hard to return to pre-COVID levels of growth, and we have made progress in the quarter. For example, trademark Coke delivered volume growth in Q3. We also saw growth in local champions like Simply and fairlife in the U.S., and Thums Up in India. 
With the NARTD category continuing to be affected by a shift to at-home channels, our underlying strength in value share this quarter was more than offset by the negative mix in away-from-home, where we tend to have stronger share positions. 
Clicking down, we are seeing positive share momentum in EMEA and Latin America, including gains in sparkling soft drinks. In fact, trademark Coca-Cola saw share gains in 80% of our top markets globally this quarter. Share gains are a key metric of our determination to emerge stronger, and we are intent on recapturing lost ground and more through the recovery phase. 
In summary, we are encouraged by the improvement in our business. However, it's important to remember the world is in a fragile state. We've seen reopening trends begin to moderate, and the away-from-home recovery showed signs of stalling in September with the increase of restrictions in several markets. 
There is potential for increased regional lockdowns as we enter colder seasons in the Northern Hemisphere. We don't expect to return to the peak levels of global lockdown, but we are prepared for setbacks due to the local spikes in cases and targeted restrictions and closures. 
The pandemic has been a catalyst for change for our company, but the initial work behind our strategic transformation was in motion for some time before the crisis hit. We've been challenging legacy ways of doing business, and the pandemic helped us realize we could be bolder in our efforts. 
Last quarter, we highlighted 5 priorities to accelerate our transformation. We set out to optimize our portfolio and instill more discipline in our innovation approach, coupled with more effective marketing, stepped-up revenue growth management and execution, and enhanced system collaboration. 
We also said we'll evolve our organization and invest in capabilities to ensure we can bring the strategy to life. We're moving swiftly to deliver against those priorities with our goal to reach pre-COVID growth levels ahead of the economic recovery. 
Firstly, we set out to position our portfolio for success, focusing on scaled growth through targeted resource allocation and optimization. Over the past few months, a cross-functional team has worked to identify the right brands for a growth portfolio that will drive quality leadership and help us achieve our Beverages for Life ambitions. 
We have finalized the master brands in this growth portfolio, which consists of about 200 global, regional and local brands that will allow us to remain truly consumer-centric, focusing on those brands that can be scaled to drive profits for the long term. For the brands who are not selected, we have begun the work with our bottlers to quickly sunset or thoughtfully transition them to one of the growth brands over the next year. 
Secondly, our marketing transformation is also underway. We have undertaken a global initiative to improve marketing efficiency and effectiveness, jointly led by our marketing, procurement and finance teams. This is a top priority, and the initial work to date has validated the opportunity to sustainably reduce our spend via proven procurement methodologies and other efficiency levers, while maintaining and improving marketing effectiveness. 
Importantly, this is not a top-down-driven exercise to reduce expenses. There is no savings target. Rather, by improving our processes, eliminating duplication and optimizing spend on things like third-party agencies, we will increase our effectiveness and be able to fuel reinvestment in our brands. 
When it comes to innovation, we're focusing on bigger, more scalable bets. And to be clear, this strategy does not mean less innovation overall. Already, this mindset is showing results. Year-to-date, revenue contribution from innovation is higher than last year and the amount of revenue per innovation has doubled. 
Innovation will come in different forms. We can leverage a trademark to expand the category, like we're doing with Coke Energy. We can also create a brand like AHA to participate in a growing category or subcategory. And we can also expand our addressable market by entering a new category like we've done so with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which debuted last month in select cities across Latin America, with more markets coming soon, including the U.S. Ultimately, we're combining discipline with agility to win drinkers, share and profits. 
We continue to experiment on a local level, and our new approach allows us to move faster to find and scale our best initiatives. We have a robust pipeline in the works for next year and expect innovation to continue to contribute meaningfully to our growth going forward. 
And as we adapt our organization, we continue to apply our enhanced revenue growth management capabilities, provide beverage options at the right price and for the occasion consumers are looking for, and to bring new drinkers to our brands. We are also strengthening our bottling partnerships across the system to enhance execution across channels. 
In order to ensure the structure of our company facilitates the success of our accelerated strategy, we're becoming a more networked organization that will combine the power of scale with deep knowledge to win locally. We expect this new networked model to be established and functioning at the beginning of the next year, and Platform Services will be fully integrated, standardized and scaled over the course of next year. 
We're streamlining from 17 business units to 9 operating units, which will accelerate decision-making while maintaining local market execution. We've announced 5 global category leads to steer the new marketing model and ensure relentless consumer focus on brands that can be scaled to even stronger positions. 
We're also creating a new Platform Services organization which will be a critical enabler in supporting a networked web-working. It will be a collection of 10 areas of expertise, known as hubs, that will partner with the operating units, categories and the center to develop capabilities and services needed to support their strategies, as well as enable collaboration and execution. 
Our people are confident and engaged in this transformation and an enterprise mindset is taking hold. Our new leadership teams have been formed, and there are clear job descriptions to ensure accountability across functions. The changes to our structure will result in reallocation and a reduction in the number of associates. This is underway through a combination of voluntary separation programs as well as some level of involuntary reductions. Although these changes are never easy, I am certain they will allow us to emerge stronger. 
In addition to executing on the 5 priorities, environmental, social and governance initiatives always remain at the forefront of our minds and actions. Our ESG goals are embedded in how we operate as a business, and we will continue to make progress across our key sustainability initiatives, including our World Without Waste goals. 
For example, across markets representing 30% of our global volume, we now have introduced 100% recycled plastic packaging options in at least one brand, and this has grown even during the pandemic. And last month, The Netherlands and Norway became the second and third markets after Sweden to announce they will manufacture the entire local portfolio in 100% recycled PET. 
In the U.S., we continue to join other stakeholders in supporting policies to drive improved packaging collection and demand for recycled material, such as California's new mandatory recycled content legislation. In recognition of the importance of this topic to our company, and I know to many of you as well, I hope you will join us for our virtual ESG Investor Day on November 13. 
To sum up, we are continuing to navigate through the uncertainties of the global pandemic. We are heading to a phase where the world is adapting to a new way of living with COVID. The progress we've made on accelerating our strategic transformation will give us the focus and flexibility to manage our business and execute with excellence today and to set ourselves up for better results in the long run. 
With that, I'll pass it over to you, John.

Sure. Look, the headline is we're more confident today in the long-term growth potential of the company and the bottling system than we were pre-COVID. And the reason I say that is, look, as we came into the crisis, we'd obviously done a lot of things, reinvested in Coke, refranchised, and we had launched the total beverage strategy with Beverages for Life. 
And we were starting to get traction. We were starting to see the business, both the company and the bottlers, get up towards the higher end of our long-term growth model and come off several years of good revenue growth, and starting to see the earnings take off in dollar terms for the company in EPS and for the bottlers as well. 
And building off that strategy of Beverages for Life, the actions we're taking this year, really being very focused on what are the brands that can take us into the future. As John said, we're going to -- we're letting go half more -- slightly more than half of the brand so we can focus on those with the greatest potential. They account for a relatively small amount of revenue and profit, but they take up a disproportionate to that amount of time, process and shelf space. 
So the focus on the portfolio, the updating and change to the marketing model, as John mentioned, not just the efficiency but the effectiveness of the model, with the new organization, with the new networked organization and with the Platform Services. These actions are helping us not just adapt and prosper within the COVID crisis, and clearly Q3 was better than Q2, but it's giving us confidence that we are not only going to emerge from this crisis ahead of the economy overall in a stronger position, but we will be even better set up to drive the Beverages for Life strategy going forward. 
And I think you can see that play through from the company into the bottlers. Yes, every country is not equal, but a simple sign is that our third quarter was better because our equity income was better, which is a direct result of the bottlers doing better in the third quarter. 
So I think the way the system grasped the nettle in March and April and rapidly shared the learnings and shared the adaptation strategies has paid dividends for the company and the bottlers during the crisis. And I think we are well set up and are all collectively being proactive in setting ourselves up to be stronger when this ends, whether that's because the bottlers are going to intersect with the upgraded marketing, with deeper execution against revenue growth management and local execution. 
Everyone is very focused on the efficiency of the supply chain and the rationalization of the product portfolio, will pay dividends through the bottling supply chain. The idea of moving resources from the kind of -- the back office on to the feet on the street will pay dividends in the bottling system. So i think you see a system in sync philosophically and driving the changes needed to both win in the crisis and emerge stronger. And I believe we're in a better position, the company and the bottlers, today to be stronger in the long term than we were precrisis.

Sure. I mean market share, firstly, our headline approach on market share is to win in the channels that are open. I mean, it's -- we've talked about it on the last quarter, it's clear. And so we have a stronger position in away-from-home channels and a higher share in away-from-home channels than we have in at-home channels and, therefore, mechanically, as those have closed down and locked down, we kind of mechanically lose share. 
So what we have focused on is to say to the system, we must focus on winning share in the channels that are open. Because then, as the world recovers -- and I'm a strong believer that as the world recovers, with the fact that we are social animals means we will mix and mingle. Some of these channels will evolve and not -- they won't all come back in the same way, but away-from-home will come back and humans will go out and socialize and do lots of things. Because they want the experiences, they're not going to stay stuck at home. So it will come back. 
So we're focused on winning share in the channels that are open and so we have been winning share in the -- for the at-home channels. And that is true across the board. That's true across many, many, many of the countries. It's very rare to win in every country all the time, but we have been winning broadly across the world in the at-home channel. And so -- and I think you've seen commentary about how bigger brands and people have been returning to the brands they know and love from other categories and other sectors, too. So I think that that's very much what's going on. 
And as we look forward, to kind of the focus on going forward, the reduction of the portfolio by about half is actually going to allow us to bring more stronger innovation to the table. This is not about less innovation and less ability to tap into local insights, it's actually about leveraging the most successful vehicles to do that. So already this year, we have seen the revenue per innovation double versus what we had last year. So it is about combining the platforms and the global and regional brands and the platforms to connect to local insights, and that is part of the art of bringing it to life. 
And of course, in terms of how long do you wait before you pull some of these innovations, we have some pretty clear metrics. Of course, the first thing is to decide what's the innovation for, what's its objective. It could be -- we talked on the call, are we trying to get into a new category, are we trying to get -- are we trying to do a flavor extension on the existing brand, is it a packaging innovation, what sort of innovations are we talking about. But each one has its mission and has its goals, and we are very focused on tracking how it's doing and we'll sunset it as and when hope is no longer there or rational hope is no longer there.

Sure. Look, firstly, the 2 big things to say about that. Firstly, of course, we have not reached the end of the process. We have gone -- made a decision very early on to make this redesign more in the open. I mean, often, restructurings are done in the room by a few people and then announced to everyone. That's not what we have done. 
We have decided that we are going to enroll, enlist and engage with a much, much broader piece of the organization to make sure the design is what we want. And so therefore, you have a more public -- a longer public time line, which is what we're in. We have gone through a large part of the voluntary separation plan, but we have not completely finished the design, and we are still working on that. 
But all of that leads to the obvious conclusion that a lot of the feedback is around uncertainty and when will I know what happens to me, which is completely and totally understandable, and we are working as fast as we can to provide as much certainty as possible. So that is still ongoing. And as John commented, we expect the large majority of all of that to have been completed for the clarity by the end of the year. Some parts of the world, not given local consultation requirements. 
But the -- when you stand back from the restructuring process, when you take the feedback from the employees, and we've done surveys and both formal and informal, in the end, you're going to end up with 2 types of feedback. You're either going to get a type of feedback which is I don't understand what we're trying to do or I don't understand how we're going to do it yet. 
And the very encouraging thing about where we've got to so far is there's a great deal of clarity in the employee base around the strategic reasons to do what we're doing and how it will help improve and drive the business. And there's a -- certainly from the people that have been announced, leaders at the top piece of their network, they have -- they also have that very clear and are very energized about bringing it to life. 
So the majority of the questions, the vast majority of the questions are on how is it going to come to life and, of course, what does this mean to me, which is an encouraging sign. It's a natural reaction but it's also an encouraging sign that this is on track to deliver the sorts of benefits and support the ability of the company and the system to drive the top line. And the feedback from the bottlers is also positive on how this will help them, and we will collectively, as a system, be stronger.

Sure. The thinking behind where we're going predates COVID. In fact, we had a senior leadership meeting with the top 200 in February before the crisis became completely apparent, where we started to talk about what would it take to bring a much more networked organization to life and started to talk about some of the dimensions. 
So the idea of the reorganization, the purpose of being a networked organization predates COVID. And it's a logical consequence from starting to bring the Beverages for Life strategy to life, no pun intended. So it is very much a continuation of where we're going. It's an agenda item that was clear. It was coming. The -- obviously, in February, we were at the relative beginning stages. What the time of COVID, particularly Q2, what that did to influence the program was really a couple of things. 
One, it was clear that when we took the actions to refocus the system on safety and continuity of supply in Q2, the clarity of moving quickly on refocusing, on fewer SKUs and the boldness of those decisions are paid off very quickly. And the insight was not just that, but the ability of the organization to act with speed was very encouraging. That led us to conclude that we should accelerate even in the course of the pandemic the move to the networked organization and really drive that forward and push that on. 
And so that's what we've done. We -- as I just said on the last call, we're largely through it. Of course, the other thing that came out of pandemic was a decision to try and make it as enrolling and engaging with the organization as possible, even at the risk of having a longer period of uncertainty, because the design is more in the public. And I think that has proven to be very powerful in helping us optimize the design of what we want. And so that increases our confidence level that it will be another key component to helping us emerge stronger from the crisis and get up to the top range of the long-term growth model.

Yes. They're not all new to the parts of the world they're in. Obviously, Nikolaos, who is leading Europe was leading EMEA before, which obviously included Europe. So very much in the case of Europe, which was doing very well, Nikolaos represents a great deal of strategic continuity. And obviously, self-evidently, in the case of Europe, we have the challenges of not just the expansion of the portfolio and success in the categories, but also the recovery of the away-from-home channel. So -- but there's a great deal of leadership continuity in Europe. 
In the case of Latin America, Henrique, who's now leading Latin America, was leading the Brazilian business, and Brazil is the star performer so far this year. And that is not just a consequence of the actions they've been taking in the short term. The Brazilian system, us with the bottlers, have been very focused on responding to what several years ago was a very deep recession or depression in the Brazilian economy, doubling down on the brand portfolio, doubling down on affordability through big investments with the bottlers in returnable packaging, looking at execution and coolers. And that is paying dividends this year and helping drive Brazil to be the best-performing business unit so far in terms of absolute growth. And so Henrique deeply knows Latin America and the strategic challenges that we have there and will be fully capable to lead there. 
And then Alfredo is coming in to the U.S., where we have been on a good track in terms of driving the portfolio and gaining share in the U.S. business. And certainly, we're hoping to continue the best of everything that was happening in the U.S. before, but also infuse it with some of the thinking from Latin America, whether that be around revenue growth management, particularly in the economic times we're in, some of the sharpness on the portfolio and on the margins and working with the bottlers as well on the supply chain.

Yes, Topo Chico. We're very excited about opportunities in Topo Chico. Obviously, it's a fantastic sparkling mineral water brand and has done very well. The U.S. situation is very unique and specific. Clearly, our starting position for innovations is to work with our bottling system. The best result is much more likely in terms of scale and profit to be the nexus between brands that the company owns and drives and go through the bottling system, and that's how we're approaching the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer outside the U.S. 
In the U.S., it's very specifically driven by the nature of the regulation of the beer market or the alcohol market in the U.S. And many of you, I'm sure, are familiar with the 3-tier system for the U.S. marketplace, which is unique to the U.S. So we're launching in Latin America with our bottlers. But as it relates to the U.S., we have to find a path within in the 3-tier system. And so that's why we've looked for an external partner or, more specifically, a partner already in the alcohol industry. 
It also relates to the fact that having someone who is an existing brewer is a much easier supply chain path into the category. And it also happens to be the case that the network of distributors, the Molson Coors, has also connects with some of the parallel businesses of people who are connected to the Coke system. So the U.S. structure is very specific to the U.S. regulatory requirements and to the partners who we think can help us drive what's needed for Topo Chico. 
How do we find success? This is going to be an explorer brand from us. I mean we are, for sure, clear that what we don't know about the alcohol and hard seltzer category is more than what we do know. And we need to continue to work our way to understand these opportunities, as much as we did with Lemon-Do in Japan, starting small, learning and then expanding as we got success. And so we will take a very similar approach in the U.S. with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer as to working exactly what connects with consumers and what connects with retailers. 
And in terms of differentiation, clearly, there's going to be differentiation through the flavors, through the product itself, through the packaging. But also, I think it builds on a tremendous strength. I mean Topo Chico is still growing fantastically across the U.S. and is the leading sparkling water brand in places like Texas. So I think that the brand itself is an established iconic, interesting brand for the consumers that are interested in hard seltzer. So I think it's everything there indicates that it should be a great opportunity, we just need to bring it to life.

Yes. So the brands themselves are distributed across the categories, probably slightly more in the hydration space than any of the other -- of sparkling, coffee and tea or juice, dairy and plant. But the brands are distributed across all the different categories. They tend to be much more local in terms of brands. And so 2 things are going to happen. One, there's going to be some brands we're going to retire. But there are some brands where the better answer is to transition it into one of the regional brands. 
So it might be we have a strong regional juice brand, and then there's a local brand in one market and we're going to transition it into the regional brand, because it's going to be much more efficient and effective to leverage the marketing and the innovation but from that regional brand rather than repeating everything into the local brand. So the -- we're talking mainly about the very tail and a much more local brand tail, but brands that are spread across multiple categories. Clearly, our objective is to convert the shelf space from these brands into ones that we own. 
Some of that has already effectively happened because of COVID. In the Q2, in particular, in order to preserve the effectiveness of the supply chain, we already stopped making a set of SKUs, including some of the brands, and captured that shelf space for our main brands. Other places where it's a transition from a local brand to a regional or a global brand, clearly, we'll be managing that with the customers, so we would not expect to lose shelf space. 
I think in simple terms of the revenue model, the benefits -- I would think about it is the benefits we're going to get from freeing up that shelf space and freeing up the process and innovation time of those brands should be made up by -- at least made up by existing global or regional brands. And I would not -- I certainly am not starting to think that this is a headwind to results in the next 6 to 12 months, I would just assume that we're going to make it all up with the portfolio we have.

Yes, on Coke, I mean look, firstly, while we have been judicious in our use of marketing spend in Q2 particularly, but also in Q3, we have continued to market, including marketing strongly behind the Coke brand. So we have continued to market. Clearly, that's also been linked by great work with the bottlers on some revenue growth management, particularly affordability plays in some parts of the world, adjusting the portfolio, the packaging portfolio, given the skew to at-home channels in many other parts of the world, good local execution. 
So there is continued focus and investment behind Coke. And I think that's clearly paying dividends as we've gone from Q2 to Q3. So as you pointed out, in Q3, Coke is growing. Coke is gaining share. And that is also being powered by an ongoing focus on Coke Zero Sugar, where that grew kind of high single digits in the third quarter in terms of volume. So we are clearly continuing to invest behind Coke, among many of the other brands. And we see the brand responding and doing well, and believe as we increase investment into the fourth quarter and into 2021, that Coke will continue to be a motor of growth.

Yes, sure. Yes. Obviously, it was pleasing in the third quarter to see the price/mix from North America. Firstly, that was -- got a big component being driven by our focus on some of the premium offerings, whether that be Simply or fairlife, which -- and some of the finished goods businesses we own. So obviously, there's a sort of -- there's good news because we're driving premium categories or subcategories, but also recognize that some of that is finished goods products that we are selling. And that offset some of the pressures we feel in fountain channels and in other away-from-home channels. So it's good news. I'm not sure that we'll always do 4%, but it's being driven in part by this mix effect of the different finished goods versus nonfinished goods and fountain business.

Yes. It was a little difficult to hear you there, Laurent, but I think you're asking a question about the U.S. fountain business and how it's doing. I mean, clearly, it's a big part of the operation. It's about 30% of the volume in the U.S. and it's a very important package format or channel intersection. 
Clearly, it's been heavily affected by the COVID crisis. And within that, QSRs have clearly been at the better end, whereas things related to transport and amusement have been -- continue to be at the more impacted end. But we very much manage the business not just to do the best for each and every one of the customers that use the fountain equipment, but as one of the packaging formats that brings our brands to life. So the brand strategies are holistic and look across the different packaging formats and different channel formats, and we continue to think that, that business will be a prosperous business with a good road to recovery.

Thank you, operator. So in conclusion, we think during the third quarter we began to see some encouraging signs of recovery from the global lockdown. We also made progress in transforming our organizational structure to better position the Coca-Cola system to pursue our Beverages for Life strategy. These steps will enable us to scale a portfolio of drinks that will help us emerge stronger and win in this ever-changing marketplace. 
So as always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.