Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. After a strong first half of the year, we continued our momentum in the third quarter with effective execution across our global system despite a macro backdrop that remains challenging. In the face of these pressures, consumers stayed resilient, and we continue to invest behind our loved brands to drive value in the marketplace and growth in our business. 
Given our strong results year-to-date, and increased visibility into the rest of the year, we are raising our top line and bottom line guidance, while continuing to invest strategically. So this morning, I'll provide a business update and discuss how we are expanding the circumference of what we can control. Then I'll pass to John, and he will discuss financial details for the quarter, our revised guidance for the full year 2022 and some early considerations for 2023. 
During the third quarter, macroeconomic crosscurrents continued to impact the operating environment. The conflict in Ukraine is ongoing, which creates challenges in that country and beyond. And we saw renewed pandemic-related mobility restrictions in China. Inflationary forces are driving costs, pricing and interest rates higher, resulting in currency volatility in many parts of the world. Against this backdrop, our industry remains healthy and is growing both in value and volume, which continues to include some benefit from cycling COVID-related impacts from the prior year. 
In the third quarter, we delivered strong organic revenue growth across all operating segments. This was driven by pricing actions and robust volume growth. We had share gains overall and across most categories, as well as within both at-home and away-from-home channels. We accomplished this by investing in our business and providing the right portfolio of brands and packages to retain and add consumers. Notably, we drove revenue growth ahead of transactions growth, which is also ahead of volume growth in the quarter, reflecting the strength of our revenue growth management capabilities. 
Consumer elasticities in core categories have continued to hold up well. We are leveraging our consumer-centric marketing model and increasingly using digital engagement to link consumption occasions with passion points. And our system has never been stronger, and our global network model is allowing us to leverage the vast experiences of the systems' leaders from various parts of the world. We are increasingly sharing learnings and generating faster responses to a changing environment through the right mix of local relevance and scale. 
Now recapping the third quarter performance across the world, starting with Asia Pacific. In India, we continued to strengthen in the first half of the year as we gained share in sparkling soft drinks. Trademark Coke delivered strong growth through effective execution and occasion-based marketing. Year-to-date, we drove approximately 2.5 billion transactions at affordable price points through the expansion of returnable glass bottles and single-serve PET packages. Sprite has grown to become a $1 billion brand in the market, driven by the success of locally-adapted occasion-based global marketing campaigns like Heat Happens and Screentime. 
In Japan, we continue to strengthen our business amidst an inflationary environment in the country for the first time in many years, we took price increases in large PET packages. Through intelligent innovation on small packs, we've gained value share, transactions and household penetration year-to-date. Additionally, we continued our strong share gains in vending in the quarter, and we expanded our leadership position in e-commerce.  
In China, we grew volume in the quarter and achieved strong growth in sparkling soft drinks during the summer selling season amidst varying levels of pandemic-related mobility restrictions. We focused on digital to unlock new opportunities. We deployed Fanta Festival, a drink, scan, win pilot at scale, which drove widespread brand exposure and connected consumer traffic to more than 30,000 outlets. We remain focused on executing RGM strategies to drive outlet expansion and increase key SKU availability. 
In ASEAN and South Pacific, we saw strong volume and transaction growth across most markets, driven by new product launches and continued recovery in away-from-home channels. We saw significant top line improvement in sparkling flavors for most markets, driven by our Sprite Lemon+ and Schweppes Zero Sugar innovations. 
In EMEA, European consumers continue to experience inflationary costs. We leveraged our RGM strategies to drive away-from-home, single-serve mix and retain consumers, and delivered value share gains across most categories. And our system has delivered top-tier incremental retail value for customers year-to-date for a second year in a row. We accelerated digital engagement with more than 4 million connected consumers year-to-date. 
In Africa, despite the macro environment remaining challenging, we gained volume and value share. We focus relentlessly on excellence in execution and reduced retail out-of-stocks. We've built sustainable customer engagement in more than 80,000 points of sale year-to-date through a customer loyalty partnership program. 
In Eurasia and the Middle East, we remain resilient amidst an unprecedented inflationary environment in many markets and some supply-related disruptions. A cross-market launch of fee for activation and the Fanta Fest campaign were in key enablers of growth. With strong focus on execution, we placed over 50,000 coolers and have gained availability in 33,000 new outlets year-to-date. 
In North America, we drove volume and value share gains through strong core sparkling performance, complemented by robust innovation and music-led experiential marketing despite intermittent supply chain challenges. Smartwater growth was strong during the quarter and innovations like Coca-Cola Creations and Minute Maid Aguas Frescas continue to expand and exceed expectations. The Coca-Cola value bundle, a collection of core sparkling offerings, providing more choices to cost-conscious consumers, is helping to retain and recruit more consumers while creating value for our customers. 
In Latin America, we leveraged connected experiences and strong execution to drive top line growth and sequentially improve on our share losses. We strengthened our connections with use through music, leveraging the Coca-Cola Marshmello flavor to stream Rock in Rio across the continent. Through RGM initiatives, we focused on single-serve package growth to drive transaction growth. Alignment with our bonding partners remain strong, and our joint market initiatives are ensuring our focus on accelerating growth. 
In Global Ventures, we witnessed robust volume growth. However, overall cost of performance was impacted by a dynamic operating environment in the U.K., along with investments in the marketplace as we expand internationally. China ready-to-drink value share grew with the strong performance of innovations like Costa Char Tea and Coke Coffee. Ready-to-drink in Japan is also delivering strong performance supported by sampling, in-store execution and the launch of Caramel Latte. 
Finally, our Bottling Investments Group delivered strong volume and top line performance driven by a focus on affordable entry-pack expansion across all markets. Additionally, we're driving availability and efficiencies in cost to serve.  
As we look forward beyond this year, we continue to see great opportunity for our industry. We are allocating resources in a disciplined way to gain share. Success from our marketing model is based on 2 critical components: linking occasions and passion points to drive engagement and leveraging experiments to optimize our marketing. This drives deeper connections with consumers, reaching them in new and unique ways. 
The launch of the Believing is Magic global campaign for the FIFA World Cup celebrates the passionate journey of soccer fans by unveiling a suite of digital experiences that capture the full extent of fans' devotion to their beloved teams. The campaign includes the FIFA World Cup Trophy Tour as well as a digital hub called Coca-Cola Fan Zone, which creates in-person opportunities for fans to come together to trade Panini stickers behind the Coca-Cola labels. This campaign has already led to a gain of more than 3.5 million consumers for direct engagement. 
Building on our digital experiments, we also announced a strategic partnership in 6 countries with Grab, Southeast Asia's leading connected app. This builds new consumer connections and offers a new level of convenience. Through a mix of off-line advertising on the Grab fleet, online advertising in the Grab app, gamification and product sampling, we are building more purchasing occasions to grow demand for at-home consumption. 
Our innovations have delivered strong results with more than 25% contribution to incremental gross profit year-to-date. Our innovations span markets and categories, with 55% of year-to-date innovations outside of the sparkling category. Our pipeline is robust and we are excited about their unique consumer propositions.
For example, Coca-Cola Creations is providing bold on-trend flavors designed to build buzz with younger consumers. Ready-to-drink Costa offers new and exciting flavors with authentic, rich coffee and milk taste. We are also excited about the potential for Jack Daniel's and Coca-Cola ready-to-drink, which will launch in Mexico in the fourth quarter and is coming to a digital markets next year, including the U.S. in the spring through our agreements with Brown-Forman. This will give consumers a convenient way to enjoy the world's most popular bar cooler. Our innovations are designed with scalability in mind to further support our growth portfolio. 
We expect inflationary pressures to continue, so we are leveraging all the levers of RGM at our disposal, including price, promotional intelligence and proactive mix management. Our RGM capability is mining insights such as consumer motivations as well as category and customer opportunities, giving us a precise approach to package, placement and promotional investments. This drives trip conversion and value growth for customers. 
For example, in Japan, we are seeing strong results from our segmented approach. Instead of our key 500 ml PET pack for Fanta, we now sell one smaller 350 ml PET pack for on-the-go and one larger 700 ml PET pack for home occasions. This dual-pack strategy has increased beverage incidence by 9%. In Q3, retail value transactions and market share were all up for these packages. Our system is investing to grow our executional footprint, adding to what was already pervasive distribution resulting in availability of our products in nearly 2/3 of all outlets globally. These strong results are clear proof points of what is possible when our alliance system leans forward for growth. 
Underpinning all of this work is our purpose to refresh the world and make a difference. Sustainability remains an integral part of our business and strategy and is a key driver of future growth and business resilience. While we have made progress towards our World Without Waste goals, we remain committed to do more and faster so we can grow our business the right way. We're continuing to partner with other businesses, civil society and governments to support cooperative action on this critical issue. 
During the quarter, we played a leadership role and helped launch the business coalition for a global plastics treaty convened by key partners, the Ellen MacArthur Foundation and World Wildlife Fund, alongside other private sector companies. We are also continuing to take steps to help drive the circular economy by making our bottles more eco-friendly. 
In North America and Latin America, Sprite has shifted all of its PET packaging from green to clear, improving the efficiency of recycling systems and increasing the availability of food-grade rPET. In Vietnam, we launched Coca-Cola bottles made from 100% recycled plastic, excluding the cap and the label. We now have more than 30 markets where we offer at least one brand in a 100% rPET package, with similar launches planned in additional markets next year. 
In an operating environment that increasingly puts more variables into the equation than we've seen in the past, we are focused on delivering and executing for growth. We are encouraged by what we are seeing in the business. We are committed to expanding the circumference of what we can control by delivering world-class marketing, disciplined innovation, excellence in revenue growth management and laser-sharp execution in the marketplace, with a goal of operating at a higher level through these challenging market conditions. 
We are doing this with capable and aligned bottling partners around the world. The combination of strong loved brands and a pervasive distribution system is a formula for resilience in times like these, and we are pleased to be raising both our top line and bottom line guidance today. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to you, John.

Yes. Thanks, Dara. The short answer is yes, we're seeing some changes in consumer behavior. I mean, overall, in the third quarter, consumer remained pretty resilient and elasticities were at the better end of the spectrum. Clearly, there are some changes in consumer behavior going on. We talked last quarter about how we have typically experienced recessions. 
In other words, there tends to be a sequence, which is that the consumers back off on some more discretionary, higher-ticket items white goods types of things. And then as they -- as the pressure comes on purchasing power, they start to reevaluate the total basket. They tend to squeeze down the basket size per trip and they look in some categories where the equity isn't as strong to perhaps trade down to some private label or smaller packages. 
And you can clearly see that happening -- beginning to happen in a number of places. It would seem to us that Europe is probably the most obvious example, where in the at-home channel, you can see some growth in private label across a number of categories. In beverages, you could see it tick up a little in water and juices. You can certainly see the growth of the hard discounters, some channel shifting in Europe. That's very consistent with purchasing power squeeze behavior, some signs of that too in the U.S. with the dollar channels. 
So there's clearly the impact of inflation running ahead of wages is starting to come through now that the summer is over and back to school has happened. Our focus and our confidence in our year-to-go and going into next year is about the momentum we've created in our business over the years and our ability to not just to continue with marketing and innovation, but to leverage all the thinking behind revenue growth management and the price pack promo architectures to maximize affordability, and therefore, accessibility of our categories for those consumers that are under pressure. 
And, of course, backed by excellence in execution and generating the value for retailers by our system that will help us get through what is likely, in all likelihood, going to be a tighter situation for the next 6 to 12 months. And if I just come back and close the circle by using the European example, where consumers are under pressure, in the third quarter, the Coke system was the biggest creator of additional retail value for at-home retailers well ahead of the rest of CPG. 
But we believe we have a strategy that's given us momentum. It will see us through the year to go. It will see us into 2023. It may, as John said, end up with above algorithm pricing and some pressure on volume, but we believe our top line can go forward.

Yes, absolutely. I mean value packs or ensuring affordability for the consumer is 1 of the core pieces of RGM. It's about extending the price ladder and, in recessionary times, about making sure the entry price point, whether it would be on the larger packs or on the smaller packs becomes as low down in the price spectrum, the actual out-of-pocket as possible. As I talked about in the last answer, one of the recession behavior tends to be to try and reduce the dollar outlay of the basket, and therefore, the price point becomes even more important than the price per liter. 
And so around the world, that's absolutely what we're pursuing, whether it's in the U.S., having smaller bottles or smaller multipacks of less cans per multipack or the example I used in Japan, where we took the 500 mL and split it into 350 and 700. Of course, around the world in a number of countries, we leverage our capabilities with returnable bottles, given the economics of returnables particularly in the developing markets. That is a way of generating a lower price point because, of course, in effect, you don't pay for the packaging because it comes back again. And so those returnable bottles that we refill are a way of bringing the price points down and keeping the consumer in the category.  
And so that's -- it's a well-developed skill around the world. The bottlers share a lot of learnings between themselves on how to think about the technology of RGM, and that allows us to leverage it to its maximum, particularly in times like these.

The simple answer, Steve, is we're very dependent on top line momentum, in the sense that we are going to continue, we believe, barring something very unforeseen or -- at this stage, we believe we're going to continue to invest for the long-term health of the business. And that's going to drive top line growth, as it has. I mean if I -- just for the sake of the argument, if you take the 5-year CAGR of revenue through all the ups and downs of COVID and everything, in round numbers, it's trending at 6% compound for the last 5 years. 
So preserving and sustaining top line momentum is actually the key starting point. And of course, if there are parts of the world where circumstances do not merit continued high levels of marketing investment and there's reasons to pare back, then as John mentioned earlier, we absolutely will lean on our increased degree of agility and adaptability to make those adjustments in the moment and similarly, with any SG&A. But the predominant drivers, again, is going to be the top line. 
We will manage the other elements of the P&L based on the local markets. I don't think it's our expectation that this is going to be like the second quarter of 2020, where everything stops everywhere at the same time. If there are to be pressures, it's likely that they are spread out over time. So the predominant modus operandi will be leaning to growth, invest in top line growth. And then yes, we expect, at times, different markets to kind of have to, yes, optimize the marketing. But on an overall basis, it's top line momentum driven.

Sure. I mean let's start with Japan. Clearly, in Japan, we're very focused on the marketing and innovation. It tends to be a market that's very driven by engagement with the consumer. Also, importantly in Japan, after perhaps multiple decades of not taking price, we have taken price on large packs in Japan in the third quarter. Actually, in the fourth quarter, we've been taking pricing on immediate consumption packaging in Japan. So I think we're going to see an opportunity to lean a little more on the RGM lever in Japan as we continue to engage with the consumer there. 
In Western Europe, clearly, the basic strategy of investing in marketing, investing in innovation, leveraging RGM and driving in-store execution and value for retailers has been working in Western Europe. As we go into the winter and going into next year, that's still going to be the push we make. The bottlers have got great momentum in execution. Of course, Europe is where there's more of the developed world inflation. Think commodities plus the devaluation of the euro, so that's feeding through. And so we're likely to have to lean heavier on RGM in Europe in the next 12 months, backed up by the marketing, innovation and execution. 
And then Latin America, a lot of work over the last number of years with the long-term relationship model. Bottlers there have good momentum. Clearly, it's one of our strongest regions. We lost a little share in the beginning of the year. They're very focused on getting that back, obviously, starting from a high bar. And I think perhaps, overall, it would be worth commenting that, obviously, in COVID, we took a number of what were difficult decisions at the time, slimming down the portfolio, changing the marketing model, changing the organizational model for the company. We've got that done and stood up. 
And I think now we're reaping the benefits of both being able to drive growth with a more agile organization ourselves, combined with really strong and aligned bottling partners. We've driven growth this year, and we're well set up for next year. I mean just to cap it all, we had a global system top to top with a number of the bottlers a few weeks ago, and I think everyone is ready and energized for what's ahead.

Yes, Chris, I think, yes, clearly, it's likely that next year, price/mix will run ahead of volume in a similar way it has this year. I mean our long-term growth algorithm has assumed a relative balance between price and mix. Clearly, at the moment, we're in a period where there's more price/mix than there is volume, and that seems that seems likely to continue into next year. 
It is also true that, this year, there has been some benefit from the channel mix on the reopening. The reopening benefit that was obviously a reopening cost in the previous year in price/mix is now largely done. And so that kind of tailwind won't be there last -- next year. 
Are all the channels away from home completely reopened? No. But the remaining kind of sliver is either a function of closed outlets or something that's going to take a while to come back. And of course, some of the mobility restrictions in places like China, which I think also won't snap back certainly in the first half of next year. 
So the away-from-home component of price/mix won't be the tailwind next year. And so in that sense, yes, we'll be very much back to it's all about what's the rate and what's the benefit from all the RGM strategies, whether to drive affordability or to offer premium categories or package sizes, and that's what will be the primary driver going into next year.

Sure. Thanks, Carlos. I mean, clearly, this is a feature of particularly the Latin American system. We're using similar models in conversations around the world. They're built on many years of working together collaboratively in Latin America. 
And then other than some of the features that you mentioned, I think what's really kind of less visible perhaps is its ability to speed up the rate at which actions or decisions and actions are taken by the system. And so it has provided a stimulus to really focusing in on getting to grips with some of the nausea problems and to moving with speed and simplifying the decision-making progress in a whole series of areas, particularly those that have been kind of slower historically.
Some of the stills business models come to mind, particularly as it relates to Latin America. And that will ultimately feed through to, as I said, speed of decision-making, which then leads to better marketplace actions, whether that be marketing, innovation, RGM or execution. And I think the system in Latin America is very energized and building on their historic great position and set for further momentum going forward.

Sure. I'm not sure which ones you're putting in the bucket of weaker, but let me do a little walk around some of the emerging markets. We had good results we feel in China for the quarter. I mean we had good growth overall for China, notwithstanding some of the mobility restrictions that came in the whole raft of cities. So China remains a good long-term opportunity. We have a good business there, good bottling partners, and there was some resilience to the business in the quarter.
Just keeping with the Asian scene, India had a knockout quarter. Clearly, they're having a very strong run this year. Lots of growth in India, really powering forward. Very pleased with that. Looking, of course, to extend that into the future. Probably won't be a straight line, but certainly looking to continue to invest strongly in India. The rest of ASEAN, there were some pluses and minuses, but generally positive. 
If I switch to Africa, Africa, you've heard me talk in the past that it's always a rollercoaster. There was a little bit of rollercoaster in the quarter. But overall, we had good growth in those markets we were focused on. There was growth that was ultimately pretty broad-based, whether that was South Africa or elsewhere. 
It would be worth noting that this quarter, remember, we made a switch in our franchise partner in a number of territories across Africa. So we brought to a close our relationship with BGI, the Castel Group, in a whole raft of African markets. And some of them, we had partners ready to go, and some of them, we're still working on it. So there is a transition loss of volume in those ex-BGI territories where we ceased that partnership. And so that weighs on the Africa number. 
And then as you keep going around the world, obviously, Latin America had a good quarter. And then I think the last one I'm really missing is a bit of Eurasia. And there, we had a pretty decent quarter. We had growth in Turkey, which is an important market to us, and a number of other -- the Central Asian markets and the Middle Eastern markets. Obviously, those ones that are -- tend to have resources or oil-exporting countries tend to have done better than the heavily oil-importing countries, so the Middle East is better than Egypt. Of course, remember that the EMEA numbers have the dropout of the Russia business.

Yes, sure. Look, super happy with Coke Zero Sugar. We have been investing behind it for a good number of years and have been driving double-digit Coke Zero Sugar volumes for many years in a row. And obviously, that's getting really material, including strong double-digit growth in the U.S. So very pleased with the reformulation update. Of course, we continue to bring new marketing and new innovation to Coke Zero Sugar and it's going to be a big focus of what we drive going forward. 
On innovation as it relates to 2023, I mean, yes, there will be a kind of bias shift in the mix of the innovation for 2023. If one of the imperatives remains affordability and to kind of anchor price points at the low end of the actual dollar outlay, then clearly, package innovation takes a bigger role in that sort of environment, whether it be smaller packages, whether it be the returnable packaging. Big investments going in by the bottling system in returnable packaging to help the affordability strategy. 
So in a kind of purchasing power pressured year for the consumer, expect innovation to be slightly heavier on the packaging side, particularly to drive affordability. But of course, that will also have its other side of the coin which is to try and ensure there are some perhaps more premium options for those that still have plenty of disposable income. Not everyone will have exactly the same effect in this period. So likely to see continued push, for example, in the U.S. on small cans or sleek cans, so really stretching out the pricing ladder, not just putting all the bets on the affordable end. 
And we will continue with the brand and the product innovation. I don't know if you went to the NACS, there was a lot of innovation on show -- the Convenience Store Conference for the North America. There was a lot of innovation on display there, both package and product. And so we will be approaching '23 with a broad innovation agenda, but with some slight weighting to packaging to stretch on the price ladder.

It would be a particularly delusional position to say, I'm not worried about anything. That would be very weird. But clearly, we have -- it's a competitive industry. There are a lot of good competitors, big and small. So we absolutely worry what they're up to. We always take it from satisfying the consumer and the retailer point of view. We're not chasing the competitors, we're chasing the consumers and the retailers. And certainly, there, we could point to a set of things where competitors have done well, and that calls attention to us to whether we are really doing everything we can to satisfy the consumer or the retailer. 
I think one obvious example is in sports drinks advanced hydration in the U.S., where this year, our competitors are coming off having a whole series of supply chain challenges last year. And that's -- we had a great year last year, and we've had a not-so-great year this year and we're also obviously in the transition of taking over BODYARMOR. But the U.S. bottle is very energized about the BODYARMOR and POWERADE plans going forward. A lot of innovation on the brand, on the product, on the packaging setup, so we'll be back. I mean -- but it's -- what guides us is are we satisfying the consumer and the retailer.

Thank you, operator. So just in summary, third quarter results, I think, exemplify how we're executing and winning in the marketplace. It's been driven by the work we've done as a system and the transformation we've undergone over the last few years. We are a more resilient business, and we're committed to delivering long-term value for our shareholders and stakeholders. And thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us this morning.