Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. 2018 is off to a good start, backed by strong financial performance and volume acceleration. Our results build on our continued execution against the strategic priorities that we first shared with you more than a year ago. Accelerating our transformation into a total beverage company with a broad consumer-centric brand portfolio, and asset-light business model, and a performance-driven growth culture. Our strategies are working, and while our quarterly phasing will be lumpy, we are on track to deliver our plan this year.
Improving global economy helped the nonalcoholic beverage industry grow a little faster, and our actions enabled us to gain global value share. During the quarter, we delivered 5% organic revenue growth, driven by growth across all our operating segments. Concentrate shipments grew 4%, driven by an acceleration in our developing and emerging markets, as well as the timing of shipments during the quarter. And price/mix was 1%, trending lower than our recent run rate, largely due to timing across multiple markets as well as a few factors impacting North America during the quarter. Those of you who follow us closely will notice that our organic revenue composition was driven more by volume and less my price than last year.
While I expected top line composition, however, to be more balanced between volume and price/mix over the remainder of the year, I'm encouraged with the start to this year and the sustainability of our growth. Importantly, I'm also pleased that we converted top line growth into 9% underlying operating income growth even in the face of a rising cost environment. As such, I am confident in our ability to achieve our bottom line outlook.
Looking around the world. Organic revenue growth and volume growth were broad-based, with growth across every operating segment. In addition to momentum in the business, volume benefited from the timing of Easter and Chinese New Year this year. We also saw revenue and volume growth in each of our category clusters as we continue to focus on our total beverage platform. Even as we evolve our portfolio, our foundation is strong. For example, trademark Coca-Cola led the way, growing volume a healthy 4% globally, due to improving trends in our developing and emerging markets, along with strong momentum in our low- and no-calorie variants.
In North America, organic revenue grew 1%, as stronger volume growth was partially offset by 1% decline in price/mix. We delivered solid performance in the marketplace gaining value share. Innovation across our multiple category clusters, including sparkling and our Zero Sugar portfolio, drove strong consumer uptake. North American price/mix declined 1% as positive low single-digit underlying pricing was offset by a few factors, which Kathy will walk you through.
But given the change in reported price/mix, I want to be clear, our pricing strategy has not changed. We have seen a clear benefit in our move from volume-centric to value-centric mindset, and our philosophy has not changed. You can see evidence of this as we achieve positive retail pricing in Nielsen or measured channels even with Easter in the quarter. And since then, we've seen retail pricing accelerate.
We remain committed to take the actions needed to earn price and value in the marketplace, and we expect to achieve low single-digit price/mix for our total beverage portfolio in North America again this year.
Now looking at markets outside of North America. Europe delivered strong organic revenue growth as we launched new products like Fuze Tea, while continuing to drive revenue growth management initiatives. China and India accelerated top line growth in the quarter, and we also saw better performance in some of the markets that have been struggling, notably, Brazil and Argentina.
Now let me just talk a little bit about some of the actions we've taken to achieve these results.
Across all our markets and especially in the developed markets, consumers are seeking more beverage choices while looking for products that fit different needs, moods and moments. To meet these desires we are shaping and expanding our portfolio through innovation, expansion of the lift, shift and scale model and bolt-on M&A, all being driven by a disciplined approach to growth. For example, the global ready-to-drink tea category represents $60 billion in retail value, and it's projected to continue growing solidly as consumers seek out more natural beverage choices that can deliver functional benefits.
Our tea portfolio has grown over the past several years, chiefly behind the strength of 3 large brands: Fuze Tea, Ayataka and Gold Peak, as well as strong local and retail brands such as Honest Tea. Earlier, I mentioned the launch of Fuze Tea in Europe. At the end of last year Fuze Tea was available in almost 50 countries but has not yet been launched in Europe. At the beginning of this year, we initiated a complex rollout. This required a flexible and agile approach as we successfully launched the brand in 37 countries in a single day.
While we still have a lot of distribution to build, we are ahead of plan. With this expansion we have effectively doubled the value of the Fuze Tea brand globally. This is a great example how we can rapidly lift and shift proven successful brands and scale them quickly.
We are also working to scale high-growth brands we have acquired. Last October, we acquired the U.S. rights to Topo Chico, a premium sparkling mineral water from Mexico, with that, with the intent of using our Venturing and Emerging Brands unit as an incubator to guide the expansion of the brand's distribution footprint. By the end of the first quarter, our first full quarter of ownership, we increased distribution coverage within the highly valuable convenience retail channel by 25%.
Finally, we continue to innovate in our core brands. I've spoken before about our success with Coca-Cola Zero Sugar. During the first quarter, the brand continued its trend of strong double-digit volume and revenue growth globally. And in North America, we've been working hard to reinvigorate the Diet Coke brand through an integrated approach. We introduced new packaging, a new marketing campaign and new flavors designed to appeal to the next generation of consumers. We got off to a strong start, returning Diet Coke to growth in North America. Now we recognize it's still very early in the process, but we are encouraged by the initial consumer response. Importantly, I'm pleased to see the team take bold action to change the trajectory of the results.
Our strategy is to focus on specific growth disciplines and capabilities. Digital marketing is a capability that helps us build stronger connections with younger consumers. For example, during Chinese New Year, we launched a digital marketing campaign with one of the country's largest online and mobile payment providers. This integrated campaign connected brand Coca-Cola with the cultural rituals of Chinese New Year through an augmented reality shopper's smartphone experience.
Packaging innovation is another capability that plays an important role in building and maintaining relevance, particularly, when coupled with broader marketing campaigns. Again, in China, we created sleek cans with localized labels portraying cities across the country. We partnered with leading Internet providers to create an integrated digital experience with consumers, who will learn more about these cities by scanning the cans with their mobile devices. This premium price revenue growth initiative has been very successful in attracting a new generation of Chinese consumers.
The 2 digital initiatives, I just described, helped generate nearly 1 billion consumer impressions, has supported the strong performance in brand Coca-Cola in China where volume grew over 20% in the quarter. 
With so much going on in our business, it can at times be challenging to step back and see the commonalities driving -- that is driving our performance across the various categories and geographies. However, when I think about it the shift in our culture, one that is moving faster, taking more risk and approaching growth with discipline, is the -- this is the single largest driver of our performance. For example, after launching Fuze Tea in Western Europe, we had an opportunity to enhance the attractiveness of our packaging, so we worked with Coca-Cola European partners to revamp the packaging, just launched, revamped the packaging graphics in less than 8 weeks.
At the end of the day, speed and agility are critical for the success in this rapidly changing consumer landscape. Of course, all of this is supported by our stronger global bottling system. Our bottling partners are energized, they are investing in capabilities and assets, driving enhanced execution and focused on bringing a total beverage portfolio to the customers.
Looking towards the remainder of the year, there is a lot of activity ahead. We are implementing new revenue growth management initiatives in several countries, launching new products across geographies and adapting to new taxes in certain markets like the U.K. and South Africa. With that said, I'm confident in our overall plan and with the guidance we laid out at the beginning of the year. Specifically, we expect to deliver 4% organic revenue growth and 8% to 10% comparable EPS growth this year. Kathy, over to you.

Sure. Let me start with the volume. And I think volume has accelerated across the board. As I mentioned in the comments, it's not just broadly geographically based. It's broad in terms of the categories. So there is no silver bullet or one lever there, it's really the sum, the right strategies, the innovations, the programs, the execution by the bottlers they are creating value for the customers. It's really a broad-based effort that has been ongoing across the system. Yes, the macros in some of the emerging markets have improved slightly, and of course, that is helping a little bit. So I think it's broad-based for the right reasons. And I make that point because, actually, what we're doing in pricing is also consistent with the strategy and what we've been doing for the last number of years. So actually, the 2 things are working together. But let me make a couple of points on pricing. Firstly, now that we've refranchised so much of our bottling revenue, the revenue of us as a concentrate business or largely a concentrate business is further down the supply chain. So some of these timing impacts of shipments or other things tend to be a little magnified, but more magnified than they were in the past when you look at some of the groups. I think that's just worth bearing in mind going forward. And then when you look at pricing on a global basis, as we talked about, underlying pricing in the marketplace is good. It's very consistent with what we've been doing over the last few years. But there are certain types of timing effects that have reduced how that looks in the P&L. So the marketplace has the pricing. In a way, our operational pricing through to the marketplace is consistent with what's going on in marketplace. But globally that has been reduced coming into the P&L for a couple of timing things. One, some of the gallons that we sold in the first quarter, which were ahead of cases, were particularly in some of the developing and emerging markets, where the average price tends to be a bit lower. And so that kind of mechanically brings down the price. That's a quarter-to-quarter effect that will wash itself out. Similarly, we had a timing effect that brought more -- brought out more revenue deductions into the first quarter. So again, that will wash itself out in the rest of the year. Some of the stuff that is more ongoing, geographic mix, the developing -- the reemergence of the developing and emerging markets, which is good for volume, tends to be a little more pressure on price/mix. And then lower inflation in Latin America, those perhaps is a little more contained. But we absolutely believe that once you look past these kind of quarter-to-quarter effects, you'll see good global pricing going forward, very consistent with what we've been doing over the last few years. And then specifically, on North America, the minus 1 is not consistent with where we expect the full year to end up. There are number of things in North America. One is that timing is much more -- Easter is much more in the first quarter. The freight that Kathy talked about, and then we're giving a kind of old accounting comparison where it's a deduction from revenue, and that will mitigate as we go into the rest of the year. And then we are cycling some of the big innovations in the first quarter. Last year, which drove up price per gallon, and some of the packaging stuff we're doing in juice. All of these things will moderate in North America for the rest of the year. And so we haven't changed our strategy. You can see in the Nielsen's that we're getting pricing in the marketplace. We fully expect that to continue for the rest of the year. And so low single digits is much more likely for North America, and that's our expectation. So we have an outlook of 4% globally for the full year. We expect that to be balanced between volume and price. And so we look through these quarterly timing of things, which as I said are a little more magnified now given our business model, but we are on track with our strategy and execution.

Bryan, I honestly think it's too early, but let me tell you what we've been doing, and what's been happening. The U.K. sugar tax, unlike some other countries, is actually a tier tax. So at a certain level of sugar, it's one level of tax. You go down in sugar, it's a more moderate tax. And then below at certain levels there's no tax. So we have done a number of things. We have reformulated a number of our major brands there to reduce the sugar level. We have really pushed hard on the "One Brand" strategy for Coca-Cola. So we still have Coke Original there, but we push really hard on Coke Zero and really hard on the invigorating Diet Coke such that about 2/3 of our total portfolio will not pay the sugar tax because of the way we've adapted the reformulations for the GB marketplace. On top of that, we put a lot of emphasis on smaller packaging in the GB marketplace, and changes in packaging sizes to try and accommodate this in the way that shoppers actually go for the occasions and the rituals that they are part of in the U.K. So we've been building towards this. This is obviously something that's been in the works for a long time. It's kind of well signed posted tax we have adapted. So the first thing is, I think we actually -- the rest of the industry and the retailers have adapted a lot to this regime. So I don't think it's going to be as disruptive for the marketplace as perhaps some of the other ones. Yet, it is also going to reduce calories effectively. And that's been in the marketplace, I guess, now for 3 weeks. It is worth noting that in the course of those 3 weeks, it's been like the hottest Easter, like, for a long time. It was like 29 degrees centigrade last weekend in the U.K. So I'm sure the beverage industry did pretty well in those first 3 weeks, kind of irrespective of pricing. But it's way too early to call. I think the GB team has done a great job with Coca-Cola European partners in preparing for this. I'm sure it will have some disruption on Coke Original in Q2. The rest of the portfolio is set up to continue with the pricing strategy we have before, so I don't think it's going to be too disruptive, but I think there will be some impact.

Sure. Yes. I mean, I'm not a big fan of drawing a trend line through one quarter. Look, we did 3 things. We've been learning over the last couple of years. The team has been learning on what is going to help a great brand like Diet Coke reengage with some of the lapsed consumers and with new consumers. And I think this round, we came out with some good marketing, some reinvigorated packaging, shapes, sizes and looks, and obviously, the flavors -- the innovation on the flavors. And I think the combination of those 3 things was bold enough and interesting enough to not just engage some of the people who, perhaps, has lapsed from Diet Coke but also millennials and even some of the people who are, perhaps, drinking flavored sparkling water. So I think, when you look at where the change in volume trend is coming from, it's those 3 groups, which is good news for a brand like Diet Coke. I don't know what's going to happen in Q2. I hope the trend continues. As we say, we put a lot of our effort into Q1. But what -- whichever way it goes, whether it continues or softens a little into Q2, I think we're learning some interesting things about what it takes to reinvigorate Diet Coke brand. And so I'm encouraging the team to continue to learn and be bold with the next round of actions.

Yes. I think, clearly, we're pushing the idea of experimentation. Not experimentation for the sake of experimentation, but in the service of the consumer, in the service of wondering what will connect and engage with the consumer. And I think several of you have heard me use the old adage of never say never. And I think that doesn't mean go off and do anything that's crazy, it's about reconnect with the consumer. And I think that's allowing us to go and think beyond our previous boundaries, whether it's the campaign that I just talked about on Diet Coke, whether it's the rapid expansion around the world of AdeS, which is the soy-based plant drink that we bought in Latin America and we've taken to Europe, whether it's the speed with which we've tried some of the reformulations on sugar reduction in Latin America, or even some of the beverage innovation in Japan. I mean, it's all about trying to connect with the consumer. And then when we got something, let's not be shy about moving it around the world quickly. Sometimes, we've had good successes. We've been shy about moving them around the world. We got to lift them, we got to ship them, we got to scale quickly. And examples of that are things like smartwater and Fuze Tea. And the last thought I'll leave you with on experimentation is we've got to be willing to kill the zombies. We can't have experimentation that is either success or continuation. There has to be, no, this was a great -- it was a good idea. It didn't work for whatever reason, and it needs to be -- it needs to be pulled out because that's also a key part of experimenting is redirecting the resources to the next idea or doubling down on something that works.

Sure. I think Latin America clearly improved, particularly Brazil and Argentina. I think as a point of reference or contract that we're doing badly last year. It's not that we've gone from okay to great. It's we've gone from bad to okay, and there was modest volume growth in Brazil and Argentina. Now that's not to under appreciate the work of the teams and the bottlers in those countries, but they've been tough macro economically. They've been working very hard on revamping the packaging, revamping the execution, revamping the marketing. And they're starting to get some reward for their troubles. But it's still not out of the woods in the case of some of those countries. And no doubt the improvement will be a bit lumpy. But we're starting to see that the plans that they put in place, the returnables in Brazil and the return to growth in sparkling working and some of the category growth working in Argentina. So there's some volume growth, which, I mean, most of the last year we were declining in Latin America. So we're going to gain on the volume, maybe a bit lumpy, but we're going to gain on the volume. It's worth saying that inflationary pressure is coming down in Latin America. So off -- you got less pricing, perhaps, than we had over the last few years in Latin America but a better volume performance. So I'm not sure it's going to get an outsized change in trend from what we're seeing, but I think it's a better underlying fundamental. So I'm not sure I see that bouncing back that quickly in Latin America because one thing is sort of offsetting the other thing, but it's a kind of a healthier mix.

Yes. So I'll start, and if it doesn't work out well then Kathy will help me out. Freight in North America is up like 20% or something. I mean, freight is up a lot, and that's the consequences of the change in regulation in terms of number of hours that the drivers can drive, et cetera, et cetera. And the way the organization of the freight is put together, and there have been changes to regulations and that has, to some extent, reduced the number of drivers or reduced the number of hours. And so freight is off 20%. Why is freight relevant for us? While we still have some in North America, even postrefranchising we still have 2 bits of the business where we are, kind of, selling to customers. That's the fountain business, where we're selling direct to them. So we still got freight involved there to the final end user. And we provide a lot of the half-fills products to the bottling system and direct to some of the wholesale systems. So again, we have freight. This is much more like the -- much -- not like the rest of the world, this is very specific to the U.S. So that's where it comes in. Now I would just point out that we, in a way, have taken the more asset version of category price/mix, which is under the old accounting standards, where it's a deduction from revenue. In 2018 and going forward freight is actually in cost of goods and not reducing price/mix. So that is -- if we had taken it out price/mix would have been better. But just to make it apples-to-apples and make it easier for you to understand, we left this under the old scheme. But its worth about a point of price/mix, and it's going to start washing out by the time we get into the second half.

Yes. Yes, great. Look, in terms of the channels, I think, actually, volume was pretty broad-based. I mean, we grew the -- bottle/can business grew. The fountain business grew. The Minute Maid business grew, the Venturing & Emerging Brands business grew, all of them grew in volume terms. So whether it was large grocery, convenience, QSR, I mean, the volume performance was broad-based in terms of channels. It was broad-based in terms of categories. Virtually, every category grew in volume terms. The one -- main one that didn't was juice, but that was actually a conscious decision to change the packaging size to some extent, to downsize the packaging given the pressure on juice COGS. And there we did see slightly less volume, but that was kind of a known part of the plan. So broad-based volume in terms of channels, broad-based in terms of categories. And then pricing, as we talked about, the marketplace pricing looks good across the channels, and we have a clear expectation that our pricing strategy of creating value for our customers, capturing some of that ourselves by innovating in the marketing, innovating in the brands, in the categories, innovating in the package sizes will help create value for everyone. And therefore, that's our strategy going forward in terms of our expectation for the year in terms of pricing. And we're going to continue to look for a way to earn price with our customers by doing the right things in the marketplace. And so I think a continuation of what you've seen is what we're after.

I think that looks like about 4 halves, Ali. Where would you like us to focus if you don't want us to choose. So I think we have answered the freight. I am not sure I can add much more on that. Do you want to say something about the...

Yes. Okay. I think part of this we'd like -- market share is clearly important by category, and not just by category. Obviously, that then is important, whether it's in an average across the world or whether it's concentrated in a few places. So clearly, market share matters, and the quality of the leadership versus the rest of the competition also matters in terms of scale and margins. We are managing a broad portfolio. There are -- and clearly, as we are in some of the more challenger and explorers situations by category and by country, yes, it does require more investment to make progress. But as I stated to say, it's a portfolio effect. We have the task of managing the portfolio of where we clearly got quality leadership and managing those places where we're investing to create more positions in leadership. And in a way as some of those graduating to leadership positions, we can cycle the investments into newer challenges and explore it. So it's a portfolio management challenge. And even without having the same kind of shares on a global basis as we have in sparkling, there are places where we have got good positions in some category country combinations, and they are able to achieve margins comparable with our sparkling business. So it's not -- leaving aside a couple of categories which have inherently different economics and they tend to have high-dollar returns even if the percentages are lower like chilled juice and stuff like that. The inherent economics of the different categories, it's possible to achieve attractive margins in each category if you can get to quality leadership. So to give an example, Fuze Tea, which has done pretty well in a whole number of countries around the world and has -- was getting -- wasn't requiring outsized investment and was starting to look better in terms of margin, we rolled that out across Europe this year. Yes, we've invested more money with it as we've got into the year. So clearly, investing more per case if you like or more per dollar of revenue than we are on the sparkling. But as we get that scale and we have effectively doubled the value of the Fuze brand, we will be able to build the equity around the brand, keep it relevant for consumers, keep the innovation going. Then that will allow us to get the scale and ultimately the margin structure to make it comparable to sparkling. And of course, then, we will likely choose to reinvest in the next brand we are growing, to make it simple.

Yes, a couple of thoughts, Amit. Firstly, beverages are growing faster than the average of consumer staples on a global basis. It's clearly one of the more attractive categories in total -- the total consumer staples landscape, driven by the investments, driven by the innovation, driven by the marketing execution. Secondly, beverages are more diversified in terms of channels. So it's not all concentrated in one place. And especially ourselves, we have a global business and we're not, the things that are going on, the things that we need to adapt to and evolve against, we're in over 200 countries, and we're in over 20 channels. So we have a broad presence that means we can adapt to changes in pressures in any one channel in any one place without destabilizing the whole system, which then of course, goes back to one of the reasons why we are able to kind of mitigate some of these stakes and remain an attracted -- attractive category. So having said that, we have to respond to the ongoing pressures in the marketplace. And just to, kind of, typify a couple of them. You've got consumers doing a number of things that you see happening in the channels and moving away from the middle in the way. There's trends towards premiumization because, in a way, they're responding to trends around the types of ingredients that people want and the types of manufacturing that tend to lead to a more of a premium product, more premium packaging. But they are also people looking for value. And beverages and what we can do with products and packaging allows us to offer -- to create offerings across a broad spectrum, and really provide that choice in each channel and for every channel, and I think that's what's allowing us to do a bit better.

Sure. When -- look China had a good quarter. And clearly, some of it was the Chinese New Year was more fully in this quarter than the previous quarter. Secondly, the 20% I mentioned was brand Coke, not the total business, actually the total business was slightly less because we made some decisions around some of our low-value water to back off on some of those, so we actually sold a little less water than we, perhaps, we did last year. But that was a clear decision to go for building consumer franchise and value. Net-net, we're doing better in China. We've got some more effective brand communication. As I talked about, we got some innovative digital campaigns. We've got some packaging innovations, some premium offers around sleek cans and some value offers. And newly refranchised bottlers are taking that expanded portfolio. And really, Costco and Swire are really working well with some of the key channels to drive the business in China. So it's been a strategy that's been in implementation for a while. And we are starting to see the benefits come through again.

Look, I think a few thoughts on Latin America. There's a number of things that are happening here all at the same time. One, the macros are improving in Brazil and Argentina in terms of GDP, but that's coming with slightly less inflation. Perhaps in Mexico, seeing a bit of a softening at the back end of last year and into this year. So that -- it's one, the macro environment is important. Two, we are seeing less inflation. I wouldn't say there's low inflation. Inflation in Latin America continues to be above the U.S., for example, and many of the other developed countries. So it's not that we've gone from inflation to low inflation. It's still pretty medium, the inflation. You are seeing Brazil perform a little better. That was the packaging strategy around returnables. And I think, ultimately, this is all netting out in more dollars because along with moderating inflation is less losses on the foreign exchange. I know we tend to talk about currency-neutral numbers, but in the end to generate the dollars, what's also important to us is some of the FX rates are not as negative in Latin America. So I think, it -- I mean, you can get with Tim and the team and get into more detail on Latin America, but it's really the sum of lots of moving parts here and driving forward. But net-net the teams in Latin America, the bottlers in Latin America are using the broad portfolio, a lot of thinking around package price architects to adapt to the changes in the marketplace, the change in the consumer, the changes in the channels. And I think we have started to see more benefits of that coming through, not just in kind of currency-neutral, but also in money.

Yes. Okay. Thank you very much, everyone. To conclude, we had a solid start to the year, we capitalized on our momentum coming out of 2017, and we will continue to drive our strategy through the remainder of the year. And we absolutely remain confident we will deliver our full year guidance. As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company, and thank you for joining us.