Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin today's call by reflecting on the past year, including our fourth quarter performance. Then let's turn the page and look at the new year. I'll provide thoughts on the current environment and how we will continue to manage through near-term volatility. Finally, I will share how we are thinking about the year ahead and why we remain confident about the future. John will then discuss the quarter and our outlook in more detail.  
Now before we dive in, I'd like to address our U.S. income tax dispute with the Internal Revenue Service, including both the case and the opinion that was issued by the U.S. Tax Court in November. We believe that the tax court misinterpreted and misapplied the applicable regulations in its conclusions. We intend to assert our claims on appeal and vigorously defend our position. We've consulted with outside advisers and conducted comprehensive analyses. We've considered all relevant information, including the unconstitutionality of the IRS' retroactive imposition of tax liability. Putting this all together, we believe we will ultimately prevail on appeal.  
John will provide insight into the range of risks we see should the case not go in our favor. I also encourage you to refer to Exhibit 99.2 in the Form 8-K we filed this morning for the updated disclosure. The tax matter is clearly important, and we are dedicating ample resources to its resolution, but it is likely to take some time. We remain steadfastly focused on delivering growth in our business and driving long-term value for our stakeholders.
In 2020, we faced significant challenges posed by the global pandemic. Our company proved resilient, moving with agility to adapt our business and accelerate our strategic transformation. Our work isn't done and I recognize and appreciate the ongoing support, dedication and progress from our people and our system.  
Turning to the fourth quarter. We saw improving trends through November, but a resurgence in the virus drove renewed lockdowns in many parts of the world. The rise in restrictions impacted our recovery in many markets, resulting in a modest deceleration in volume in December, which has continued year-to-date with volume currently down mid-single-digits. Speaking generally, trends are still tied to our exposure to away-from-home, coupled with the level of lockdown, but our business has become more durable compared to the spring of 2020 based on the learnings and actions we have taken. Our teams around the world have applied these learnings from the peak of the crisis to better navigate short-term setbacks.  
Globally, in the fourth quarter, progress remained mixed and even within regions, there was ongoing recovery as well as challenges. For example, in Asia Pacific, countries are at different stages. In China, we are indeed emerging stronger, thanks to our strategic actions, with Q4 share gains to complement our 2020 share gains in both on and off premise. Japan drove incremental transactions through their price pack decoupling, but soft traffic in vending continued to pressure mix. In India, challenges remain, but at-home trends were strong, and we saw signs of recovery in away-from-home channels through the holidays. 
EMEA showed resilience despite experiencing varying levels of lockdown through the quarter, driving a dispersion in results between developed and developing markets. Western Europe was the most affected by the resurgence, while West Africa and Turkey showed positive momentum. In North America, away-from-home volumes were impacted by multiple states restricting bars and banning indoor dining. Sparkling water trends remained robust, with the expansion of AHA and Topo Chico mineral water as well as Simply and Fairlife also performing well. In Latin America, trends were strong early in the quarter, but slowed in December due to restrictions and less stimulus support. Single-serve is recovering as a percent of mix in our business, and multi-serve refillables grew at a double-digit pace. Brazil's results remained strong, and Mexico improved sequentially.
In Global Ventures, despite the headwind of renewed U.K. lockdowns impacting our Costa retail stores, Express machines performed well. We continued expansion in China, Japan and further into Europe and are testing Express and Proud to Serve platforms, along with the launch of costacoffee.com in the U.S. 
Our Bottling Investments Group further improved operating margin performance and made progress on cooler productivity and SKU rationalization. Almost all markets gained or maintained share, with Vietnam achieving its highest ever sparkling share.  
From a category perspective, we saw relative outperformance for sparkling in the fourth quarter. Trademark Coke delivered 1% volume growth, delivered by our Zero Sugar offerings, which were up 3% for the quarter and 4% for the year.  
While our overall market share performance continued to be impacted by channel mix as our higher share away-from-home business remains pressured, we did gain underlying value share in both at-home and away-from-home channels. We are poised to emerge stronger in both channels due to our actions to support customers and to ensure seamless execution from a supply chain perspective.
Thinking about 2021. There is no doubt the near-term trajectory of our recovery will still be impacted by the presence of the virus in most markets. It is still early days in the vaccination process, and we'd expect to see further improvements in our business as vaccinations become more widely available over the coming months. It's clear that the pace and availability of vaccines will look different around the world and therefore, we'll likely see some level of asynchronous recovery depending both on vaccine distribution and other macroeconomic factors. Amidst this backdrop, we will ensure that the system remains flexible to adjust for near-term uncertainties, while at the same time, continue to push forward on initiatives we have championed to emerge stronger.  
So let me touch briefly on our progress against several initiatives today, and we'll provide further detail on these as well as other important business drivers at our virtual CAGNY presentation next week.  
Our network organization is coming together and creating empowerment through clear decision rights and accountability. We have our overall operating unit and global category team structures and are already changing the way we work. We've established our new platform services organization. 9 hubs are currently being stood up. Our ultimate goal is to scale our resources and capabilities to drive value and growth, including investing in new consumer analytics and digital tools. As we go through the transformation, we are ensuring that we have a diverse and equitable representation across our global workforce. Our long-term profitable growth will be powered by our optimized brand portfolio. We streamlined our portfolio from 400 to 200 master brands, allowing global category teams to identify the greatest opportunities and allocate investments accordingly. These targeted investments will leverage our leader brands more effectively and convert challenger and explorer brands into leaders more quickly and consistently.  
Additionally, our portfolio streamlining allows us to focus attention and resources on what we do best: brand building and innovation. This will make room for more consumer-centric products down the road. Great brand building begins with a deep understanding of our consumer that converts into superior quality products. To enhance our marketing effectiveness, we are building targeted experiential campaigns that are data-driven and occasion-based and always on. We are eager to share upcoming work generated by this new marketing model, including our first ever global Sprite campaign, it's called, Let's Be Clear. It invites drinkers to reset and refresh. And Fanta's new colorful initiative seeks to make stacking moments more playful around the world. At the same time, we are optimizing our marketing spend, focusing on our strongest brands and most compelling opportunities. We have a global, creative and media agency review underway, which will improve processes, eliminate duplication and drive efficiency to fuel reinvestment in our brands.  
Our innovation pipeline for 2021 has been shaped and coordinated for scale and impact. It consists of global bets like the new taste and design for Coke Zero Sugar and regional bets across categories like the expansion of our Authentic Tea House franchise across Asia. We're still pursuing intelligent local experimentation like adding functional benefits to some of our local hydration brands. And there's also innovation that leverages our strength in revenue growth management through packaging initiatives. This includes our first 100% recycled PET bottles in the U.S. for smartwater and DASANI, along with a new 13.2 ounce 100% recycled PET bottle for Trademark Coca-Cola. We will also continue to expand Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which is already launched in several cities in Latin America and Europe.
The global pandemic has undoubtedly expedited the shift to a digital world, and we are structuring the organization around this opportunity. We've been digitizing the enterprise for several years and have stepped up our evolution into an organization that can skillfully execute marketing, commercial, sales and distribution, both off-line and online. We're also leveraging existing pockets of excellence in e-commerce around the globe. The My Coke B2B platform continues to add outlets and is expanding to new markets. Our O2O partnerships with multiple food aggregators ensure beverage availability and visibility. Our multi-platform venture, Wabi: it connects our system and other consumer products companies to store owners and end consumers through an ecosystem of digital apps. Thanks to our network model, Wabi is now available in 23 cities across 5 continents. The ecosystem is powerful and has already attracted bottler interest and collaboration in several regions.
Order alignment also remains an imperative. Seamless system connectivity helps us maintain local relevance while benefiting from global scale. We continue to engage with our bottling partners holistically to fuel the network for long-term growth. We are working to lift and shift capabilities. We can focus on being successful today while also pursuing our ambitions for the future.  
And before I turn over to John, I wanted to express how proud I am of our support for communities and our sustainability achievements during a year that brought much disruption to the world. We remain grounded by our purpose, and our ESG work is embedded in our business and the value we create. We contributed to COVID-19 relief around the world. We continue to focus on racial equity, including the introduction of our global social justice framework. We've made progress against priorities such as World Without Waste, which includes setting a new target to reduce the use of virgin PET in our packaging. We're also making progress against our 2030 science-based carbon target, which is a critical milestone to achieving our ambition to be net 0 carbon by 2050. We accomplished our goal to empower 5 million women by 2020, creating shared value for these women, their families and communities, while growing our business through their involvement in both retail and distribution businesses. And we won't stop there. We'll have more updates in our business and sustainability report and World Without Waste report in the coming months.  
To summarize. We are confident that we will successfully navigate through a dynamic market environment in 2021 to deliver against our objectives. We'll emerge stronger, with more consumers, higher share, stronger system economics and greater stakeholder impact. As vaccine distributions continue, we'll have more visibility into how the global recovery will take shape. And given our confidence in the levers we have to manage the business, we are providing an outlook for 2021. Importantly, we're staying true to our commitment to consumer-centricity and our Beverages for Life strategy. We've made great progress in equipping the company to win for years to come as we will fulfill our purpose to refresh the world and make a difference.  
Now John will provide more details on our results and our guidance.

Sure, Steve. Let me start with the future and work backwards. When things have become new normal post-pandemic, the world is fully open. And clearly, we'll be back investing at the sort of pressure levels of marketing and all the other components of the business that we believe is necessary to drive the top line in a margin-accretive fashion that is consistent with the long-term growth model.  
And as you think about comparing that to 2019, clearly, we will have baked into that the benefits of the -- not just the new organization, but the fundamental rework of the marketing. Some of it is a reprogramming of where the marketing goes, and that's most obviously reflected in the advertising number that we show in our disclosures. But there are other marketing spends which typically gets called enabling where we have a major program to really look at how we can make that much more efficient right across the board with all the things we do from relooking at the agencies, relooking at the way we do research, the digitization of many things.
So there will, when comparing the new normal of 2019, be an embedded degree of efficiency across the board. But in the end, we are of the view that the marketing pressure will need to be similar to the sorts of pressure levels that it was in '18 and '19 when we were achieving the sorts of revenue growth rates. In time, you'll see the flow-through into profit that we were looking for.  
In the run-up from now to that future, we have, of course, taken a measured and balanced view of what we think 2021 will look like. And our guidance ultimately is a corridor where we believe we can manage whether things get better in line with our view or quicker than our view, we'll be in the corridor. And we'll start reapplying the pressure of the marketing and the innovation that we believe will drive the revenue growth. Or if things are a little slower on the opening, we'll pull levers and be more cautious about the rate at which we reapply the marketing pressures or in the -- as you mentioned, free cash flow, obviously, one of the levers to sustaining or, in fact, growing free cash flow last year was to back off on some of the CapEx. 
Simply understood, some of our CapEx is in new fountain equipment or new vending equipment. And if those channels are not open, there's no point in putting new equipment in there until they're on the verge of being open. So there's a self-regulation between the marketing and some of the CapEx on -- if the lockdown is greater, we will logically back off. And then as the lockdown reduces and the market is more open, those things will come back on. And so we'd spend more marketing, more CapEx, but have more revenue. And that's why we believe we can operate within the corridor of the guidance we've provided and emerge stronger from this and really drive growth into the future.

Sure. I mean the revenue growth management journey has been a multiyear journey in -- globally, and indeed, more recently in North America. We started to see some good benefits come through from that. The 13 -- just over 13-ounce bottle is obviously good from a revenue growth point of view. It is also worth mentioning that's 100% recycled PET bottle on Coke, which is the first one in the U.S. That's very linked to our World Without Waste strategy. So clearly, we are going to continue to explore and drive particularly some of the smaller packages, whether it's the smaller bottle or some of the sleeker cans, as part of providing the sizes that consumers are interested in. This also connects with our revenue growth management story. 
And as I said on previous calls, I believe that is a multiyear runway for our efforts on RGM in North America that are starting to pay dividends over time. That is not just helping on the margin front, but frankly, it's helping on the revenue front. So I think there's a lot more that can be done to drive that in North America. And that's kind of in the underlying category of margin. Of course, there are structural changes to the margin on whether we have refranchised or not to the bottlers and whether we continue what our exact role is in kind of the systems internal supply chain. And therefore, if we do finished products or we get all the bottlers, manufacture those products. 
Of course, what we will do over time is look to do the most efficient and effective ecosystem of supply options for ourselves and our bottling partners. We have recently moved some lines to third-party co-packing of water. And as and when other opportunities are there, we'll consider them. But ultimately, we have to have the most efficient and effective supply chain between ourselves and the bottlers to satisfy the consumers.

I guess the headline answer is no, we don't think we're going to stifle innovation. Quite the opposite. We're looking actually for innovation to continue where it was in '18 and '19 in terms of playing an important role in driving consumer engagement, interest to customers, and therefore, revenue growth and on to profitability. And so this is very much about finding a way to be able to identify the biggest bets within the innovation pipeline, understanding that there's still going to be a very important role for experimentation. There's just no way of knowing from the outset, no matter what one might think from a personal point of view as to which ones are going to be the absolute best going forward. 
So we're back to innovation. Clearly, we did less in 2020. We'll be increasing meaningfully the degree of innovation in 2021. Very focused on are these attracting more consumers to our portfolios? Is it allowing them to enjoy our beverages perhaps more frequently or greater financial -- at greater prices? Ultimately, we're looking for more impact. We had looked at our innovation pipeline. And while we have done a lot, we had some inefficiency in it. So we're driving for greater impact, which we are able to achieve in 2020 and that we will get again in 2021. So I think there's absolutely the right level of focus on innovation. We'll continue to learn more as we go through 2021. But none of this rationalization of the portfolio is about stifling [ innovation ]. Quite the contrary. It's about, if you like, clearing away the least successful so there's more room for the most successful and for the next-generation of innovation.

I think what we have at the moment is a very clear plan, we are -- that we have been implementing on resetting the organization as a go-forward. Again, the need and the objectives of the organizational change we made were pre-existing COVID. We knew we needed to find a way to make the organization more agile, more focused, and to scale up some of the activities to a more platform level, especially given the ever increasing importance of data and the logic that, that can be done lots of different ways everywhere. 
So it was a pre-existing idea that we took the necessity, if you like, or the opportunity in the course of 2020 to accelerate its implementation. Of course, there'll be ongoing opportunities and we'll learn. The world will evolve. We will evolve. And change will happen into the future. But I would not start to plan-in that this is recurring levels of productivity at these sorts of levels much beyond the couple of current years it will impact at the moment.

I think the simple starting point to reconcile this is a few points. One, that the impact in 2020 came -- a lot of it came on some of our finished goods businesses that do not have the same margin levels as the concentrate business. So for a simple example, the closure of a Costa store has a disproportionate impact on revenue versus profits versus not selling some Coke products through the concentrate business. So what we expect in 2021 is a greater recovery in some of these away-from-home, particularly our finished product businesses, whether it be some of the Costa businesses or the BIG bottlers. And those are mechanically -- are headwinds in terms of margin.
The second very important effect in 2021 is, of course, the reversal of our using of resources in 2020. We clearly took the decision that if there was not good reasons to invest in marketing or in market-facing CapEx or market-facing operating expenses, then we would not do so. And those -- the more the recovery occurs in 2021, the more we are going to reinstate those expenses, as well as, of course, a number of elements of the incentive schemes which will be budgeted forward 100% in 2021. 
So that's why we have not gone for line-by-line guidance within 2021. There's so many moving pieces that are not your typical year of moving from a normal year and comparing it to another normal year. You've got these weird effects of what's actually in 2020 and the way we stewarded the resources and we're still able to drive free cash flow. That's why we've given some wider corridors and have given the top and the bottom line, which we think are the most measured and balanced approach that we can give today.

Yes. Sure. So we've launched Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in a number of Latin American markets: Mexico, Costa Rica, Peru, Chile, Brazil. Strong initial feedback from consumers and customers. Still very early to even have market share reads. But the rate of sale and the repeats look very good. But obviously, still too early really to tell. Also, we've launched in a few markets in Europe. Again, still very early to tell, but repeat rates and rate of sale look encouraging. And so in the coming quarters, we'll be happy to share some of those learnings. I'm sure there'll be learnings, and we'll tweak things as we go forward. 
Now as it relates to your question about the U.S. It's important here to remember how different the U.S. is versus the rest of the international market. Because of U.S. alcohol market regulations, the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer will not be going through the company/the bottling system in the U.S. It will be handled all by a collaboration with the Molson Coors team. So it is not competing in any way, shape or form as a priority with all the other things that are going on that are all obviously being done by ourselves and the bottlers in the U.S. And I think Molson Coors is very excited about the opportunity in the U.S. There's certainly been good initial reception from distributors in that marketplace. More to come in future quarters.

Thanks very much, everyone. Just a few closing thoughts. The objectives and the priorities we set for ourselves at the peak of the crisis has really galvanized the company and are driving our ability to continue to execute through the volatile near-term dynamics. And while the virus is still a factor in the near-term, we're well on our way to emerging stronger and to returning to the path of delivering at the high-end of our long-term growth model. The focus and the flexibility of the network model will drive the entire Coke system for years to come. 
As always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.