Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. In what remains a highly dynamic environment, our first quarter results showed promising signs that a broader recovery is on the horizon. We're encouraged by early results in markets where mobility is on the rise. 
This morning, I'll share what we're seeing around the world and provide an update on the actions we've taken to accelerate our transformation, including improvements in our portfolio, innovation and marketing approaches enabled by the evolution of our culture and our network organization. Then I'll hand over the call to John to discuss the financial details of the quarter and how we'll continue to deliver on our objectives over the course of the year. 
In the first quarter, we positioned our business to recovery while executing against our emerging stronger agenda, equipping our system to win. At the start of the year, pandemic-related lockdowns were still impacting many markets. We moved quickly as conditions changed, improving along the way and getting better at managing each wave and its resulting lockdowns. During the quarter, we saw mobility increase in some parts of the world where lockdowns eased and vaccinations accelerated. 
Leveraging our learnings, we drove sequential improvement in our business throughout the quarter. And while we saw mid-single-digit volume declines through mid-February, trends have improved since then. We're pleased to say that March marked a return to volume levels seen in March of 2019 prior to the pandemic. 
We continue to see ongoing strength in at-home channels, offset by away-from-home trends, which have improved sequentially but remain pressured relative to pre-pandemic levels. We're working with our customers and bottling partners to sustain at-home momentum and capture improving away-from-home demand. 
For example, in Latin America, our Prospera program with our bottlers helps the traditional trade thrive through assistance with their marketing efforts, resulting in outperformance in this critical channel. 
In Great Britain, we launched Open, a business accelerator program to support pubs, bars and cafes. In North America, Our use of meal bundles is driving incidents in pickup and delivery transactions with foodservice customers. 
In 2020, we gained underlying share in both at-home and away-from-home channels, offset by negative channel mix. This continues to be the dynamic affecting our share year-to-date. Through our ongoing initiatives, and as away-from-home demand improves over the course of the year, we'll seek to build on these wins in 2021. There are clear opportunities to reaccelerate share positions as the recovery plays out, and we'll invest to drive momentum with focus and flexibility. 
In markets at the forefront of the recovery, we've seen early signs that our actions taken during the pandemic are helping us outpace recovery. It's important to note that the path to a full recovery remains asynchronous around the world. Many markets haven't yet turned a corner and are still managing through the restrictions. 
Looking around the world. In Asia Pacific, China continues to lead the recovery with volume in the first quarter ahead of 2019 results and foot traffic almost back to pre-pandemic levels. Strong performance in India and Southwest Asia was driven by effective marketing across brands, affordable solutions and distribution expansion with 250,000 new outlets and 45% more new coolers. Despite the unexpected state of emergency earlier in the year, Japan expanded successful RGM initiatives geographically and across brands to help drive improvements later in the quarter. 
In EMEA, vaccine rollout in Europe has been slower than anticipated, and many countries have been impacted by ongoing lockdowns. In Eurasia and Middle East, brand Coke recruited 4.4 million consumers through affordability packages and a focus on at-home occasions. 
New marketing campaigns drove improvement in flavored sparkling soft drinks, and Fuse Tea reached an all-time high value share in Turkey. In Africa, mass vaccination is expected to take longer than the developed markets. And despite ongoing volatility, Africa worked closely with our bottlers to deliver volume growth, led by stepped-up execution through cooler placement and affordability packs like returnable glass bottles. 
In North America, the year is off to a good start. Ongoing strength in at-home channels was driven by core brands in our sparkling portfolio as well as Simply, Fair Life and Gold Peak, all with encouraging results. Away-from-home began to improve in March as vaccinations and mobility picked up. 
In Latin America, we leveraged our core brand, digital initiatives and refillable packages to recover ahead of the economy and our industry despite ongoing restrictions. While from away-from-home continues to be impacted by lockdowns, we are expanding the at-home consumption opportunity, leveraging consumer dynamics like indulgence and single-serve multipacks. 
Global Ventures continued to be impacted by lockdowns in the U.K., but as restrictions loosen, we're focusing on driving digital engagement and traffic back to the Costa stores. Costa Express machines continued to deliver strong performance. 
Turning to our transformation. Our operating units are up and running and off to a very good start in the rollout of our new model. Across markets, our newly networked organization has us working more collaboratively with the overall enterprise in mind. Our operating unit and category leadership teams are working together to identify the most promising combinations across the industry based on economic outlook, consumer trends, channel dynamics and execution imperatives. 
We're using more disciplined resource allocation to capture the biggest opportunities while making ongoing portfolio decisions faster and at scale. We're focused on our streamlined growth portfolio, actively and thoughtfully transitioning brands to more powerful trademarks using a phased approach to bringing the consumer with us on the journey. And we're maximizing shelf space for new product launches and higher velocity products to drive higher quality growth. 
As we discussed at CAGNY, we're focusing on what we do best, marketing our loved brands in more efficient and effective ways. Our Sprite Let's be Clear campaign kicked off in markets from Asia to Africa to Latin America. The message is resonating with consumers, with impressions, views and engagement levels above last year and intent-to-purchase metrics showing promising signs. This campaign aligns with our transition to a more sustainable clear bottle, which is important in helping us achieve our World Without Waste goals. 
Our media and creative agency reviews are progressing, and we're also executing more targeted opportunities in addition to the big strategic shifts. For instance, we've taken a scaled, digitized approach to buying trade materials, resulting in an up to 15% cost reduction and improved user experience, all while offering more consistent, better quality and sustainable alternatives. We've extended this [ pooled ] buying opportunity to our bottlers, many of whom are already on board to share the benefits system-wide. 
Our more disciplined innovation approach is yielding results as we balance big bets with intelligent experimentation. Using our network approach, we are scaling our best innovations quickly and effectively while being disciplined with those that don't get the traction required for further investment. Local experiments like Aquarius with functional benefits and Ayataka Cafe Matcha Latte in Japan, Kantar's exciting mystery flavor innovation in Europe and package innovations like the 13.2-ounce recycled PET bottle in North America, could all be lifted and shifted globally over time, similar to what we're doing this year with a half-flavored sparkling water. 
Our big bets for 2021 include ongoing work to scale our coffee platform under Costa. We're expanding ready-to-drink coffee in China and taking a portfolio approach to complement our powerful Georgia coffee brand in Japan. 
We're also rolling out an enhanced formula and package design for Coca-Cola Zero Sugar this month in Europe and Latin America and across markets globally later this year. The improved recipe brings its taste even closer to that as the iconic Coca-Cola original taste. This was influenced by consumer insight and our focus on constant improvement. 
And despite its enormous success, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar still represents a relatively small percentage of the trademark, and we continue to respond to consumer desires for lower sugar options, and the rollout will be supported by a global occasion-based marketing campaign. 
Finally, it's early days, but we're excited to come back and report on our expanded experimentation in flavored alcoholic beverages with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in Latin America, Europe, and most recently, the U.S. 
We also continue to rapidly digitize our ecosystem. For example, our chat body in South Africa engages with consumers on social media to increase away-from-home transactions. In China, we've used digital campaigns to harness consumer data to drive traffic and incidents leading to incremental growth. We're using machine learning and AI tools to stay on top of a rapidly evolving consumer trends and identify emerging needs. 
Our dedicated digital transformation structure and leading to strong online to offline growth. We've seen e-commerce share gains in our key advanced markets like North America, Japan and Great Britain, and in markets like Turkey, where the channel is still developing, with more than tripled sales and gained almost 10 points of share versus last year. As always, we are supporting these initiatives with strong revenue growth management and execution. 
Through RGM, we continue to capture at-home occasions with multipack options in both premium and affordable segments, while expanding distribution of smaller packaging like our slick cans in China. And we have affordability plays like our successful refillables in Latin America, the Philippines and now, Africa. And as part of our new organization, we're dedicating more resources to RGM, continuing to raise the bar to even higher standards. 
In many markets, we're working with our bottling partners to optimize cooler placement, driving incremental volume through outstanding customer service, higher cooler productivity and innovation. Our bottling partners are executing strongly. And together, we are working on initiatives across the enterprise to identify more efficiencies. We're operating in a networked way, leveraging our platform services organization to scale our collective data, marketing, digital and supply chain capabilities. 
Our system continues to evolve, as shown by the pending combination of Coca-Cola European Partners and Coca-Cola Amatil. And just this morning, we announced our intent to list Coca-Cola Beverages Africa as an independent African bottler through an initial public offering. 
I'm especially proud of how we are delivering on our purpose as a company. Every action is guided by our ambition to create a more sustainable business and better shared future that makes a difference in people's lives, our communities and the planet. Throughout the pandemic, we focused on helping communities through relief funds from the company and the Coca-Cola Foundation. In this next phase, we are supporting vaccination efforts in regions where distribution has been slower. 
For instance, in Brazil, our system has partnered with the country's Ministry of Health Co-creator Vaccine Awareness campaign. We're using our network to deliver 700,000 doses with vaccine information to more than 350,000 mom-and-pop stores. 
Tomorrow, we'll release our 2020 business and ESG report, where we will highlight last year's progress. While 2020 was a milestone year in terms of meeting and exceeding some previous goals like women's empowerment and global water replenishment, we continue to work toward an even more ambitious agenda. This includes our 2025 and 2030 packaging goals, our 2030 climate goal and our new 2030 water security strategy with more details to come later this year. 
In conclusion, we're optimistic about the future and bullish about our ability to continue to deliver on the objectives we laid out at the height of the crisis, more consumers, more share, better system economics and a positive stakeholder impact. 
Now I'll turn the call to John to discuss how we're delivering results through a continued dynamic environment.

Sure. Thanks, Dara. So firstly, the first quarter was strong. Absolutely, we gained momentum, and we achieved that good momentum in the first quarter, which is really the fruition of the emerging stronger plan we set out a year ago, saying we wanted to get back to 2019 levels well ahead of the economy by gaining more share, more customers, better system economics. And I think that's what you're starting to see happen in the first quarter. And obviously, we've been driving that by focusing on the brands and on the innovation. And the bottlers have been executing in the marketplace, and it's certainly heartening to see us get back to 2019 volume levels in March. 
And we did all of that whilst doing -- finishing the implementation of the reorganization. So the employees on the company side were able to both deliver the results and stand up the new organization with the operating units and platform services and really hit the ground running. So I think it's actually a super creditable performance in the first quarter. 
Secondly, the downhill and the question about guidance. I mean, ultimately, it's early, and it's not early just in a normal sense. It's early in the context of the pandemic. 
Also breaking the news today is the weekly new cases of COVID has hit an all-time peak. So whilst vaccinations are rising in many countries, U.S., U.K., et cetera, the flip side is there's actually a new high in terms of cases. Obviously, a number of developing markets, but also Europe as well, Continental Europe as well. So the visibility into the downhill is very much linked to the trajectory of the pandemic and as it relates to our business, the trajectory of the lockdowns. 
Very clearly, as we've talked on in previous quarters, lockdowns because we have half our business in away-from-home, are impacted directly by degree of -- the degree of lockdown. And there are still lockdowns coming on, a number in Europe, some of the developing markets. 
Conversely, as markets start to open, It's worth remembering it's not an on-off switch. There's a phasing of how markets tend to reopen. But that's true in the U.S. So for example, in the U.S., the fountain volumes were still negative in March because whilst people are going out to restaurants and there's more mobility, it's not back to what it was. The occupancy levels of offices are nowhere near 100%. And so reopening is not an on-off switch. There's a rebuilding and there's a series of phases of reopening. And so that's a very important factor. And it's somewhat unpredictable with the downhill. 
So it's too early to call, not in a business sense, but in a lockdown and reopening sense. And the reality is that there are more cases now than there were a while ago. So we still feel very confident in our guidance on the top and the bottom line. But there's a lot of managing left to do, and we're certainly focused on giving ourselves the flexibility and agility to be able to do that. 
And which leads me to my third point, which I think is worth making. Unlike normal times, one should not automatically assume that more revenue is always going to flow straight down to the bottom line. Much as we did in 2020, we are going to be very judicious and focused on investing where we believe reopening and demand is coming back, and not investing if we don't think the response in the marketplace is there. 
So you're going to see, as we go through 2021, we will be looking at both levers. If we see the demand is coming in at the kind of the higher end, because more reopenings happen more quickly for whatever reason and revenue starts to accelerate, we're also likely to reaccelerate the restitution of the marketing spend. Conversely, if whatever reason, revenue starts to look a little weaker, then we are likely to hold back on some of the marketing. So I think it's important, as you think about the rest of the year, that you don't think of it as a normal times. One has to think about how we are using the resources judiciously and wanting to invest to drive growth and get back to normal.

Sure, Nik. A few examples. One, I think John has already mentioned the cash flow. We struggled for many years to get up into best-in-class cash conversion of working capital. And the work that has been done by the finance network has produced a great result, and that's clearly flowing through not just in terms of the kind of theoretical amount of days working capital, but the actual cash coming into the company in the first quarter, which was a really strong result, and that's something that we have struggled to do in the past. 
Another example would be we have -- we've been rolling out a global campaign on Sprite, which has got excellent early traction in terms of consumer engagement, in terms of purchase intent. And that was developed by the category leads and the key operating units and has been rolled out across the world, something that we unable to do or unable to convince ourselves to do historically. 
And so we believe that, that is making some cut through. The supply chain optimization working with the bottlers and really focusing on reducing the unit cost of what we do and looking across all the metrics, an increasing data transparency is happening. And then you go to some of the platform services where we're really starting to be able to implement, especially in those areas where 1 single global solution makes total sense. 
We've had examples from buying trade materials through global platforms, driving significant savings for ourselves and the system. And then hopefully, later this month, we'll turn on our latest SAP update, which will go from one that was done 20 years ago, which was probably one of the world's most complicated and therefore, most expensive to a much more effective solution. So I think across the company, from the front end of marketing and engaging with consumers through our operations through to the bottlers, we are able to make the contact points and get faster, better solutions.

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Look, clearly, the reinvestment of marketing is going to vary somewhat by a region in 2021 for the reasons I outlined in that answer to the first question. So I think it's important as you think about margins to recognize that 2021 is also going to be a somewhat a typical year. There will be markets around the world where we judge the situation such that we don't have a normal level of marketing. And so that does tend to favor margins -- operating margins at that point in time. And so it is important to break it apart and look at it by the different regions. 
We certainly are not coming out with some numerical margin target for many of the same reasons that we removed the previous target. But we are focused ultimately on growing the business. And embedded in our long-term growth model is an implicit assumption that we can slowly or steadily, perhaps better said, improve margins over time because there is a lot of efficiency work going on within the cost of goods sold, within the DME, particularly the nonworking part of the DME. We've got a lot of focus on the agency roster and how we spend the money we spend before we even get to see the consumer. 
And obviously, we've done the networked organization, which was about making us better able to support the growth aspirations, but it is also a more efficient organization. And so all those things will go into the mix. And it would be remiss of me to not include the impact of RGM because to the extent that we can leverage RGM, that also helps on the gross margin and ultimately, operating income margins. So we will be pulling all those levers as we go through 2021. But again, it won't be a fully normal year in every region. And so you will see some of these strange effects.

I mean the digital transformation is much above and beyond coping with the inflation, although, of course, some of the tools will help us manage if there's an inflationary spike. Clearly, you can look at the digital transformation in terms of our engagement with consumers, and there are some good examples of progress. China, which has started the year very strongly, not just compared to 2020, but compared to 2019, in a much bigger shift into digital engagement with consumers or even in Japan with our own Coke on apps that we use to connect people to the vending machines, and the cashless options and a large uptick in monthly active. 
So there is a great deal of progress being made in terms of how we engage through digital media, how we engage directly with consumers in a digital relationship that's helping there. The system, I used -- I talked about the example of buying materials with digital platforms. But clearly, there's a huge piece of what needs to happen, which is the backbone of both the company and the bottlers and the interoperability of all the data where we're making excellent progress. 
And ultimately, all those insights and all those efficiencies help us manage the inflationary pressures out there, whether we use the insights to engage more consumers or we use the insights to drive the RGM thinking and implementations or to identify efficiencies. 
I mean, in a way, digital is becoming just the way business is done. And it's just like saying, "I turn up and have to manage the business and use all these tools to do all the things I got to do."

So the progress, when you stand back and look at the numbers in aggregate, clearly, April was the deepest hole that we fell into in 2020. And then as we adapted the business and really drove what we were doing, then we sequentially got better. So kind of we fell into the hole. I think it was like minus 25 or something in April last year, and then it was negative teens and then negative single digits, slowly improving through the rest of 2020. And then coming into 2021, obviously, we're then cycling the bad year. But if we compare to 2019, it got better as we went from January and February, which was still below the '19 levels, and obviously, March was above. 
I mean April has started well. It's obviously going to be the weirdest month because we're cycling something very low. I think most importantly, I would refer you back to the comment I made, the second thing I said relative -- in the first answer, which is just because March has got back to the level and that just because April has started well 1 week, there's no guarantee that, that is then some kind of trend that is in the bank. The principal uncertainty remains the risk of additional lockdowns. Much as 2019 -- 2020's numbers were heavily impacted by the degree of lockdown, that will remain true this year. 
So whilst we've got back above the line of flotation in March, there's no guarantee there won't be some extra degree of lockdowns in May or September or December that then puts pressure back on the business. So I don't think -- I know I keep hitting this point. We had a super start to the year, the momentum is building, but this very unusual factor of the pandemic and lockdowns continues to be an uncertainty factor that one can't draw a straight line through the historic data. 
Now once you get under the surface of the overall global numbers, which kind of look like the kind of the tick mark, if you like, going down and then kind of steadily improving, clearly, you get much more variability at a country level, again, heavily influenced by the degree of lockdown. So in a sense, April last year was the worst because you had the most number of countries, most -- the highest degree of synchronization of lockdowns globally. And I think this idea of saying the recovery will be asynchronous is we already see that in the first half. You've got countries where the vaccine levels are going up and the reopening is occurring, U.S., U.K., China, for examples. And yet you've got countries going in exactly the opposite direction with cases shooting up and more levels of lockdown. And that's what we're trying to highlight with this asynchronous. It may be that as a total company, it all looks smoothed out somewhat but this asynchronous feature will be very important in 2021.

Sure. Thanks, Bonnie. It means, certainly, it's always been our intention to reduce our ownership in CCBA in line with our strategy, as John puts it, to become the world's smallest Coke bottler. And so we were always contemplating how we would refranchise CCBA. I mean the CCBA, Coca-Cola Beverages Africa, is a strong, well-structured, capable bottler. And we have always considered, as one of the options, whether to have it be a freestanding entity in Africa. And we have reached the conclusion that if one thinks about the future potential of the African market and the African continent and how much long growth there is there, I mean it is the youngest billion people are in Africa. We think it would -- we've ultimately concluded it would be right for the development of the business in Africa to have an African-headquartered, African bottler that is operating on the continent. And so the readthrough is we believe in the future of Africa as a continent, as an economy. We think we've got a great capable bottler that can help lead our ability to grow there. And then an IPO will allow us to set that up to be a source of growth for many years to come.

John, do you...

Well, I think the -- certainly, we always are happy to see other companies invest in into the beverage industry because that tends to create more consumer engagement. And obviously, we pay attention to what they're doing because hopefully, we can learn from them. There's a lot of very capable competitors out there. So we like to learn from them. But in the end, we focus on what we can do. And in the U.S., in particular, channel mix aside, we gained share. We gained share going forward in beverages in the U.S. business. And we feel confident that as the channel trends and the reopening bring back the away-from-home businesses, which, of course, they started to do in March, then we will be able to capitalize on those trends as well. 
And as it relates to promotional activity, I mean, ultimately, we are seeing kind of rational pricing, a promotional environment in the U.S. And we'll certainly be looking to build on that with our RGM capabilities and with the bottling system to really drive and leverage the investments we're collectively making as a system in the marketing and the execution to drive the business forward.

Thanks, Robert. So in the markets where it's been in longer, so Latin America and Europe, about 14 markets between them, a couple of things we're seeing. Obviously, the degree of resonance is depending on the degree of category development that might already exist or not exist in some of those markets. And so we've seen different levels of engagement depending on whether the categories there are. 
Secondly, I mean, we're clearly in the mode of learning how to compete in this category, both from a branding point of view and from an execution point of view. But we're definitely starting to see improving trends and good repeats in the context of the different markets where it's been launched, whether that be Latin America or in Europe. We're still building out distribution in Mexico, for example. But we've done a good start in Europe a little easier, as I said, because the categories are a bit more developed in the West versus the East. And so our focus is maximizing the amount of learning that we're doing. 
And as it relates to the U.S., whilst our overall share is 3%, and I would double underline that Topo Chico, as a brand, is well- known in the U.S. and therefore, get -- driving or creating trial on a well-known brand with an innovation is actually relatively straightforward. The key is repeat, and we have not yet got to the point of having good repeat data in the U.S. Having opened a big caveat umbrella, I would comment that Topo Chico Hard Seltzer might have 3% overall in the U.S., but actually in Texas, where we've kind of concentrated some of the launch, it's almost hit  a 20 share in the first 2 weeks of launch. So we are encouraged by the early results, but it's all going to come down to repeat, and nothing is worth anything without repeat.

Sure. Yes. Clearly, clearly good results, good results in China. We're definitely -- I mean, obviously, we're lapping or beginning to lap the kind of the worst part of 2020. But ahead of 2019, we've lengthened to the reopening and the reenergizing of China with the consumer marketing with a big push into digital engagement with the consumer with a big push into e-commerce, and we are benefiting from that. 
It is worth noting that in terms of the channels, almost what we see, and this is true when you look at not just China, but if you start looking at Australia or even in the U.S., you see kind of a -- phases or waves of the reopening. And so as the reopening occurs, actually, you get a lot of people going out to restaurants and the kind of the full service eating away and that goes up, bearing in mind that the universe of mom-and-pop stores and the universe of small restaurants has shrunk. People have -- the number of people running those sorts of businesses has shrunk, and I think we're going to see that all across the world. So there is a consolidation sectors. And as the reopening occurs, you see a lot of going out in the evenings. So all the channels related to that come back first. 
The second kind of wave of improvements in channels is loosely in the bucket of office and commuting because as the reopening happens, people go out, yet the offices aren't back to 100% capacity. So you've not got that ecosystem of commuting and lunch time in the big city centers at full. And that's the kind of the second business coming back in China. And actually, you don't see that back yet in the U.S. In March, you see the restaurants kind of bouncing back, but you don't see the kind of the ecosystem [indiscernible] of of [ rings ] kind of phase of channels, whether that be cinemas, concerts, sporting events, et cetera, et cetera. And that's only very partial [ climate ]. So I think, think of there's kind of a set of waves of reopening as the economy normalizes. And we've thought about that, and we're kind of investing both in the consumer. And the bottlers are doing a great job of investing for the customers and the retailers, and we're seeing a very nice result.

Sure. So I think, as you say, clearly, the vaccination rates in the developed markets is going to be ahead of the developing markets for the duration of this year. The critical factor to add to that is the market responds to the level of cases or the low vaccination rates in the developing markets. Because the thing that impacts our business most directly is the degree of lockdown. And so it's the response to the level of cases of the COVID and the resulting lockdowns rather than necessarily directly the level of vaccination because there are countries where the level of vaccination is low. But because they had a strong lockdown and then kind of lock the country up, say, Australia or whatever, then they've started to reopen. 
So the key factor to look for is the degree of lockdown and think through, for that market, what's likely to happen connected, of course, to the level of vaccination, but also to the level of cases and what the policy response in the country is likely to be. And there'll be countries where I think, frankly and unfortunately, they don't have the wherewithal and the physical capacity to implement large lockdowns, even if they've not got all the vaccines that they want and the markets remain open. And of course, we will look for ways to adapt the business to support the people, support the retailers and continue to engage with consumers as that goes on.

I think the phases are going to exist, Bill. They're just going to happen very quickly in the U.S. So if I look at what's already happening, I put eating and drinking in the evening in kind of Phase 1. I mean, those -- that bit of the away-from-home was trending negative in volume, strongly negative in volume in January and February and as the reopening happened, it jumps up in March. And as you say, so as education and at work opens, both of which are still running negative in March, I think they're going to jump up again. So what I think we're going to see, as the U.S. completes its kind of rapid vaccination, is a quick succession of the phases rather than a drawn-out set of the phases. Other parts of the world where the vaccination programs are slower, then I think you'll see a more gradual phasing of what happens.

Okay. So thanks very much, everyone. It's certainly been great talking to you all. We had an excellent first quarter, very encouraging. Still many of the parts of the world yet to emerge from the pandemic. But as we navigate this kind of dynamic environment, we'll continue to evolve and do better, and we are well-positioned for the recovery as it plays out, both as an organization and as a system. And as always, we thank you for your interest, your investment in our company and for joining us today. Thank you.