Thanks, Tim, and good morning, everyone. 
2018. We concluded another quarter of solid operating performance, capping off a successful year. The nonalcoholic beverage industry was stronger in 2018 as emerging and developing markets accelerated from the prior year, while the developed world held its volume trajectory on top of stronger pricing. 
Our business performed well across all key dimensions in 2018 as we leveraged our transformation as a total beverage company. Most notably, we gained global value share, and those share gains were broad-based. We held or grew value share across each of our geographic segments. 
Organic revenue grew 5% versus our goal of 4%, driven by strengths across all operating segments. Underlying operating income grew 11% versus our goal of 8% to 9% as we built momentum through the year while accelerating the capture of productivity savings. This resulted in an approximate 170 basis point expansion in the underlying operating margin. And comparable EPS grew 9%, in line with our guidance of 8% to 10%, despite absorbing $600 million in stronger currency and structural headwinds than we anticipated at the beginning of the year. 
Our results reflect actions taken over the past several years to transform our business for long-term success. Execution is getting better. We set ourselves up for the future with an energized bottling system that is bringing a renewed focus on execution around the world and, in particular, several key markets, including North America, where we have completed our refranchising activities. 
Pricing power is improving. We are delivering accelerated top line growth as we continue to implement revenue growth management initiatives in markets around the world. And marketing is becoming sharper. We're focusing on innovation that leverages brand edge and ritual building, with increased efforts to digitally connect with consumers. And we have begun embedding a productivity mindset across the organization.
Now let's talk specifically about how we drove disciplined growth this past year. First, we strengthened our sparkling soft drink portfolio, leveraging brand edge and innovation to build consumption rituals by offering people what they want, when and where they want it. Trademark Coke grew volume 2%, driven by solid performance in brand Coke and supported by innovation such as Coca-Cola Plus Coffee and Coke origins as well as strong growth in our No Sugar variance. 
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar delivered yet another year of double-digit volume growth globally. And in North America, we reinvigorated Diet Coke with the brand growing retail value 3% after multiple years of declines. Trademark Sprite also performed well, growing global volume 2% through premium innovation such as Sprite plus fiber in China.
Second, we rapidly scaled successful brands like Fuze Tea, smartwater and AdeS across more markets. With the launch of Fuze Tea in Europe, we delivered over 100 million incremental cases in EMEA, offsetting the volume loss from the dissolution of Beverage Partners Worldwide. This enabled us to gain leadership positions within the ready-to-drink tea category across 11 European markets, highlighting what an aligned system can accomplish. 
Of course, driving disciplined growth isn't just about expanding our beverage portfolio. We need to allocate resources to those brands and strategic initiatives that are delivering the highest returns. To that end, we eliminated over 700 underperforming zombie SKUs. By finding ways like this to reduce complexity, we ensure that our system sales force is focused, our supply chain is efficient and our latest innovations get more space and visibility at the point-of-sale.
Third, we expanded our portfolio through M&A and strategic investments. This included smaller investments like BODYARMOR, one of the fastest-growing beverage trademarks in the U.S. Of course, our biggest announcement was the acquisition of Costa, which we closed on January 3 this year. Costa platform will give us the ability to scale within the $500 billion global hot beverage category and create a world-class global coffee business, allowing us to better serve our customers and strengthen our ready-to-drink portfolio. All of this shows how we've been pursuing the vision we first shared with you a couple of years ago. 
Now one of the most important enablers of this work is having the right leadership team and operating structure in place. In 2018, we appointed our President and Chief Operating Officer to bring accelerated focus on execution and talent development. We announced an orderly transition for the CFO with Kathy's retirement and John's shift from operations to finance. We added 2 new group presidents with considerable experience. And we created a new group, Global Ventures, to ensure we connect and globally scale key acquisitions, investments and partnerships like Costa Coffee, Innocent and Monster. The changes we've made are significant, and they help set us up for more success in the years to come across our geographies.
Looking around the world. We are already delivering better performance in key markets. In EMEA, we grew organic revenue 7%, delivering a second sequential year of accelerated top line growth. We accomplished this in part due to revenue growth management initiatives that focus on small baskets and pack sizes. These were phased in to multiple markets over the year. As we continue to build on these actions in 2019, we expect continued good performance. 
In Asia Pacific, good results across several large emerging markets drove our strongest organic revenue growth in over 5 years. We had a stronger innovation pipeline, solid digital initiatives and steadily improving execution by our bottling partners. For example, in India, 25% of our revenue growth came from new products. And in China, digital initiatives, coupled with a robust innovation pipeline, resulted in solid performance. 
During the fourth quarter, our B2C business capitalized on Singles Day, the massive online shopping holiday. Both our digital B2C and B2B businesses grew over 40% for the year and now account for over 5% of the system revenues in the market. And collectively, across the group, our bottling system opened approximately 1 million new customer outlets. 
Turning to Latin America. We delivered 11% organic revenue growth for the year as we continued to execute against the fundamentals amidst varying macro environments. 
In Argentina, the economy tipped into recession in the back half of 2018, so we adjusted quickly our plan to maintain affordability and protect our consumer base. In Mexico, our business continued to perform well amidst a volatile backdrop. And in Brazil, the operating environment became more certain after the elections. The turnaround of our business there is taking hold, and our strategies are driving improved performance. 
Finally, in North America, we continued to deliver strong performance in the marketplace and gain value share, supported by a stronger, fully refranchised bottling system. 
During the year, we undertook a significant package resizing initiative across our chilled juice and tea portfolios and implemented pricing actions across our sparkling soft drink portfolio to manage through a challenging cost environment while adding over $1 billion in incremental retail value to our customers for the brands the Coke system sales. Due to the strength of our brands and increased investments from our independent bottling partners we were able to capture price/mix in the marketplace while beating historical elasticity.
So lots of activity across our various regions. Overall, there is a consistent thread in what's driving better results across our territories. We've strengthened our brands, including Coca-Cola, through strategic innovation and more disciplined ritual building. And our bottling partners have increased investments and improved execution. And together, we're aligned as a system on how to capture the growth opportunities before us. 
Before moving on to 2019, let me provide some context on the fourth quarter. We continued to grow global organic revenues 5%. The composition of the growth changed. We delivered stronger sequential price/mix, while unit case volume was flat. Volume was impacted by slowing economic conditions in some countries like Argentina, plus decisions to focus on value over volume in certain markets. However, we've seen a good start to 2019 with more balanced volume and price/mix, and this is consistent with our expectation for the full year.
Looking ahead, we're seeing the impact of some increasing uncertainty and volatility in global macroeconomic conditions. Consumers are under more pressure as we head into the new year. However, demand for our categories remain healthy, and our business is built to perform even if the tailwinds behind us moderate somewhat. 
Ultimately, we'll focus on what we can control, taking steps to manage the business as we become a total beverage company: further lifting, shifting and scaling on-trend brands like Fuze Tea, smartwater and Innocent across markets; reformulating products to reduce sugar levels; rolling out revenue growth initiatives across additional territories to improve performance within our sparkling soft drink portfolio; connecting Costa across many of our business units to build a leading global coffee business; and leveraging digitization to build a business for the future. Therefore, we feel confident that we can deliver against our 2019 guidance.
Finally, I'd like to thank Kathy. Kathy has made significant contributions to our company, our system and our people, working her way from financial analyst all the way to the most senior financial role in the company, truly a testament to the value she has brought through every phase of her journey. As CFO, she has stewarded the company's financials through an extremely complex refranchising process, and she is leaving a strong foundation for John to build upon. Finally, she has been a critical partner to me, and I have appreciated all of her valuable support. 
With that, let me turn it over to Kathy.

Sure, Bryan. Firstly, the whole idea of the, in a way, the 3-legged stool is still absolutely valid and important. And just to recap what I meant by that, this is a business that predominantly wins, or loses, but our focus is on winning in the local marketplaces. We focus on getting the consumers and growing customer value in each and every country. And so there's very much a focus on getting that to work. And I think, over the last few years, you've seen accelerated performance of us able to drive the industry growth and capture share within that. And that's the starting point of value creation for the Coke company, to work on then making sure the operating margins of how we do that are the same or better, such that we turn that revenue growth into profit growth at a local level. And then, as you say, we have, in more recent years, had a more intense focus on making sure the sum of the parts is more than just the sum of the parts and to pull the levers necessary to turn that into U.S. dollar EPS earnings after a number of years where currency had eroded that and the EPS had effectively declined. That's still our going-in objective. The guidance is -- where we stand today, it's a really strong operating plan for 2019. I think we're being cautious about the macro economics and how that's going to be a little softer than 2018, but a strong plan behind the marketing, the execution and innovation. And absolutely, we are reflecting here in our guidance where currency and interest rates and tax sit today, which are the 3, in a way, noncontrollable factors. There's a long way to the end of the year, and they could change markedly. But our focus will remain, and our ambition will remain to end the year with positive EPS growth. We would be disappointed if it wasn't positive. But we wanted to share with you where things stand today, and we will focus on pulling the levers that we can pull to get to the result that we want.

Sure. Yes, we were a little softer in the fourth quarter in North America. And I think part of that is we took the midyear price increase going into the -- or in the middle of the summer. And it took a while for it to flow all the way through to the consumers. That's a really -- I think, it was more fully in the marketplace by the end of the summer and, obviously, then coming into the fourth quarter. So I think you saw a little of the effect of the price increase more actually in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter when we -- when the system was taking it. And I think that, kind of, combined with a little bit of consumer outlook malaise in that period of time. So you saw a little softening in the volume. But then it started to pick up. So we started the year well, this year, in terms of North America volume. And price/mix was also -- continued to be the positive through the back of the year. I know it's only come through as 2% in the fourth quarter for North America. Bear in mind, this carries with it some of the oddities of which business system was growing because the juice business, which is a finished goods business where we were rightsizing the packaging and seeing volumes go down, obviously, finished goods versus the sparkling, which is concentrate. And it has that mechanical effect that the faster the sparkling business grows, the more it actually affects mix in a negative way. But that doesn't affect profits, and it doesn't affect the marketplace. So there's a little bit of mix and the freight and all that noise. But let's draw a line because the good news is 2018 has ended. The freight accounting issue has disappeared for 2019. The marketplace pricing is clear and positive going into 2019. And the business has started with a foot forward. And so we are confident we have the right strategy for North America and that we will see the benefits of that strategy flowing more simply and more clearly through to the results in 2019.

Sure. The -- my comment about the good start to the year was both about North America and globally. We have started the year, it's only 6 weeks. It's a long year. But what is good is it started off well in terms of volume. And therefore, we see ourselves starting the year with a good balance of volume growth and price/mix that is very consistent with having a balanced contribution to driving the top line guidance. And as I said, North America is good. We seem to have had a good Chinese New Year. You never quite really know until the end of February, but it seems like it's been a strong Chinese New Year. Brazil is looking a little better. Mexico seemed to have started well, given some poor weather at the back end of last year. You heard about the European outlook today this morning. So we think we started well, a long year to go. Great plans, lots of that will need managing, no doubt. And the volatility, look, we've baked in what we know today. Clearly, there's the places where weakness is apparent, Argentina went down quite strongly in the fourth quarter. That's likely to continue in the first half of this year. Turkey, very similarly; some parts of the Middle East. So we've baked in what we see and what we believe is likely to be the softening of the global macro outlook. And in the countries, which are more apparent, clearly, the visibility is more apparent in the first half of the year than in the second half. Hopefully, the world will turn a little, and the second half will improve. And that will certainly help us reap even more benefits from our strong plan. But that's kind of where we stand today.

Sure. Well, I think, at the highest level, the story is a simple story. We started off last year -- well, obviously, we have a long-term growth model of 4% to 6% on the top line. We've been delivering within that range for the last 6 quarters. We are being prudent in our outlook for 2019, given the multiple reductions in global economic growth outlook for 2019 and our own experience in some of the emerging and developing markets. I think 4% is a prudent number. We have a strong plan that's backed up by the marketing, the innovation and the execution. So I think we're going to be in great shape on growing, continuing to grow the top line. And I think that number will end up being at the higher end of consumer products companies in terms of revenue growth for '19 in the same way the number for '18 was at the high end of consumer products companies. You're seeing then the benefits of a lot of our actions over the last number of years in terms of productivity, in terms of our focus on smaller packages and revenue growth and innovation and premiumization of our portfolio, such that we are getting operating leverage. Operating leverage is not just driven by productivity but by better work on the portfolio. And you see that flowing through, obviously, with some of the tailwinds from the acquisitions and divestitures, a small piece, so that we're getting excellent leverage from our revenue growth into our operating income growth at the 10% to 11%. Obviously, the currency is where it is. That is currencies as they stand today. We're not making a forecast as to what the currencies will be by the end of the year. There is a piece to that, that we're cycling hedging gains in 2018, as we commented earlier. But the number of the 6% to 7% is as things stand today. How it will stand at the end of the year, we'll see. And then of course, we're losing some leverage from operating income finally down to EPS through the higher tax rates, which the Fed has taken through the year, and through the changes in the tax rates. The interest rates from the Fed and the tax rates -- the tax rate is going to be slightly higher in 2019 than it was in '18. So that's pretty, pretty straightforward. Clearly, that's leading to an EPS growth that is not what we aspire to. We're going to focus on controlling what we can control and driving the business. We'll be pulling the levers, as I talked about earlier on the call, to make sure we focus on our aspiration of returning our winning local plans into growth of dollar EPS. But we want to be prudent in our outlook guidance, given the macro environment, despite a strong, good momentum winning plan and to put the FX as it stands today. What's -- the only thing that's for sure is it'll be different tomorrow, and we will update it as we go through the year.

Okay. I think it sort of seems all wrapped up in one version of the same idea. Look, we are committed to growing the earnings of the company. I mean, in simple terms, the earnings of the company are the fuel to pay the dividends of the company and drive the stock price and reinvest back in the business. So without dollar-increased earnings of EPS, it's not going to be a growth company. And therefore, we reaffirmed the long-term growth model at some of our previous investor presentations, the 4% to 6% on revenue and the growth in EPS. Yes, there'll be years where currency will weigh on it more heavily. We certainly have the aspiration that there will be no negative years. We have said we will not do things that are irrational just to get a positive EPS, but we will focus on trying to pull the levers to get there. But as you look out into the future, we absolutely expect to keep focusing on coming back to the long-term growth model. Now to the question, "well, what happens if the dollar always gets stronger", well then, simply put, assuming that there still is a global trading system, that will export inflation to the other parts of the world. And therefore, if we enter some very long, extended period of dollar strengthening, then we will logically expect to see higher pricing in other parts of the world that will compensate for some prolonged ongoing strengthening of the dollar. So either way, we want to get back to our long-term growth model in dollars realized for the shareholders.

Sure. I think the -- well, firstly, before I jump into the clusters, I think some of the prudence is being derived from developing and emerging markets, whether that be some of the ones like Argentina or Turkey or aforementioned Middle East and some parts of Africa as well. So I think the prudence on the softening is more geographic-based than it is cluster-based. Having said that, I think we are expecting to see, in 2019, continued growth of the sparkling category. We've clearly aimed going into the future to see a strategy that is more price/mix than volume in the developed markets and more, perhaps, volume-centered in the developing and emerging. So as we look out into '19, I expect the sparkling business to continue to grow. And I think we'll see a little more price/mix than volume, given some of the things that are happening in the developing markets. As we move through some of the other categories, clear -- I mean, clearly, coffee is going to grow much faster because of the incorporation of Costa and as we start to realize the synergy plans. But that's not driving the, obviously, the 4% organic, which is like-for-like, so it doesn't include the acquisition in that sense. In terms of tea, we're expecting to do better in tea in 2019 than we did in 2018. 2018 has the kind of base effect of pulling out of the Beverage Partners Worldwide joint venture, which -- where we counted volume but we didn't count revenue. And then obviously, that made it very hard to cycle the volume in 2018 but made it easier to get the revenue. As we go into '19, we expect to see continued growth in tea in Fuze and leverage Gold Peak in the U.S., which should see a bit more balanced growth. In juice, we'll come off the period of the rightsizing of the packaging in North America. And so I think we will see better performance from the juice business, particularly the premium end of the juice business, there may be parts of the world where we will question some of the juice drinks and the values that they bring. Obviously, in aggregate, juice will do better because we'll have the incorporation of Chi, which is a great business in West Africa, but that's not part of the organic growth drivers. And then in hydration, we'll be focused on more of the premium parts of hydration, whether it be sports drinks, leveraging our partnership with BODYARMOR, driving things like Topo Chico and smartwater or smartwater with its new variants like alkaline. We still may see some backing off of very low-value water in some parts of the world. So I think you'll see positive results in the different clusters going forward. And I think, versus 2018, you're likely to see a continued strong picture across the portfolio. I think the places where you would see some places where we would sacrifice some volume would be the lower-value end of water and juice drinks. But otherwise, a strong focus across the portfolio and balanced growth.

Sure. Look, on the Costa thing, obviously, we managed -- the team did a great job in closing the acquisition well ahead of schedule in January rather than April. And we're now in the phase of the transition period of really connecting it in a system sense and also being able to finally sit down with management and bring together that kind of base on the line growth plan with our views on synergies and acceleration. That's a process that's going to take a little bit of time to work through to really validate all of those synergy plans. Once we've got to the end of that process, of course, we'll be able to come out and be more specific about how we see the Costa being rolled out against our coffee strategy of driving coffee against the pillars using the stores that we have as the experience, serving as a provider of a total beverage portfolio in foodservice, whether it's beans or machines or the vending, selling the coffee at the at-home and, of course, the potential for ready-to-drink. So that's -- the strategy remains clear. We're putting more flesh and detail on the bones of the plans as it rolls out. 
And then of course, Brexit will be Brexit. I'm not sure anyone knows how it's going to end at this stage. We clearly have contingency plans for this business and for our other businesses in the U.K. and in the European environment. It's something that we'll be -- have to manage through. But it'll be -- whatever it's going to be, it's likely to only be a short-term disruption effect if indeed it ends up in that scenario, and we will manage through it.

Sure. Look, we grew advertising spend in 2018. We expect to grow our advertising spend in 2019. Of course, we continue to work on how to drive productivity in our nonworking marketing investments and to leverage our scale with our advertising partners and with our properties. So we're going to continue to invest in advertising. I think it's also worth saying that we are being even more disciplined as we look through the framework of leader, challenger and explorer. Obviously, it's our leader brands, which are the brands that make best use of TV commercial advertising spend. As we drive the challengers and the explorer brands there, it's some of -- other parts of the marketing mix that often become a more predominant element of making them work. And then if our competitors are going to increase investment, you know what, it's going to increase the growth of the categories. Ultimately, if there are more competitors investing, it drives more market growth. We believe that we have strong brands and strong plans. And I think, net-net, it's going to be overall beneficial to the industry.

Sure, Robert. So I think the simple conclusion is the following. If we just think we can depend on headline rate increases in the absence of other -- everything else, then we are very likely to see high elasticity. And therefore, what we've learned and, I guess, relearned is that it's really important that pricing become part of our strategy, a strategy that starts with the right brands, the investment behind the brands to build equity with the consumers, and then to provide the consumers the innovation, not just in the brands and the product, but also in the packaging that allows pricing to be taken sometimes with the headline price, sometimes through mix. And it's the sum of all those pieces backed up by good execution that creates the willingness of the customer to go with the plan because it creates more value for the customers in their stores. Often, the beverage industry then grows faster than the average. And so the learning and the relearning is it's the complex task of pulling all the pieces together that earns you the opportunity to drive price/mix perhaps ahead of where we had been. And I think that's something that we and the bottling partners have dedicated ourselves to even more over the last number of years. I think it's showing through in some of the headline numbers that you see, and we absolutely are going to stick to strategy.

Sure. Well, thank you for the feedback on the Brazil business. I'm sure the Brazil team will be pleased with that. They have had a number of years trying very hard to adapt and update the business and bring the affordability and the innovation in line with the marketplace. And I think with the improvements in the macro conditions in Brazil, that business is starting to do a lot better. And it's a multichannel business, and they distribute the beer only in some of those channels. So that's a work in progress as their relationship with Heineken is in question. And I think as we see the refranchising business -- or the refranchising strategy, we've largely refranchised the world without -- so just a small percentage of the volume. It's been very successful, whether it was North America, the creation of bottlers like European Partners or the Japan bottler. And so we think that has been very successful. Clearly, we're still working on Beverages Africa in terms of the refranchising strategy. It's obviously been slower than anyone would have liked. I think some of that is being process- and macros-related. We're still working on that one. And that leaves us, obviously, with a Southeast Asian set of bottlers. Obviously, we'll be thinking about what's the right strategic direction for that part of the world. But the ongoing curation of refranchising is not refranchising for the sake of refranchising. It's in the service of creating a stronger and more energized bottling system that is an aligned set of partners with the company to drive our collective business with more growth and with better margins into the future. And that takes different forms and places. And of course, we allocate capital within that process, whether it's owning bottlers or having stakes in bottlers. We drive that process with the objective of using capital as and when necessary, sometimes yes, sometimes no, to get the most energized bottling system out there bringing new partners in. And that's an ongoing management as we curate our remaining bottling operations and some of our other investments in bottlers.