Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. We are nearly 8 months into this pandemic. And despite many harsh realities, I could not be more pleased and proud of how our team has worked together across the company to find safe and creative solutions to successfully operate in this environment. 
We are executing at the highest level and perhaps most importantly, accelerating innovation to drive long-term future growth. We remain intensely focused on our top 3 strategic priorities of expanding and leading with broadband, aggregation and streaming, all of which are underpinned by strong content creation, distribution and technology. Each business is increasingly complementing, reinforcing and driving value for the others while enabling us to offer seamless and bundled experiences to all our customers.  
For example, this quarter, we added a record number of new customer relationships and high-speed Internet subscribers, and sign-ups for Peacock have grown to nearly 22 million as of today. It is clear that Peacock's results are enhanced by the placement and distribution it gets through our broadband service, and adding Peacock to broadband is resulting in significant improvement in both churn and gross adds as Peacock is continuously cited as a differentiating factor at the point of sale for Xfinity broadband products. None of this could have been achieved without the technology stack that we have through Sky. 
Focusing now on our top strategic priority, broadband. The success we've experienced to date has been driven by years of investment, combined with our leading scale. We engage with 56 million high-value households and businesses globally. These subscribers give us a stronger starting point in direct-to-consumer relationships, particularly with broadband.  
Our connections at the point of sale provide us with a distinct advantage as this is the moment when customers really contemplate their aggregation and streaming options. We have the best broadband network in the U.S., perhaps in the world, buoyed by a completely integrated consumer experience with the widest array of products that go beyond just speed.  
We offer coverage, control and an unprecedented level of flexibility. With our broadband service, you get your choice of entertainment over your preferred distribution method, whether it's the industry-leading video bundle with X1 or the highest quality streaming product with Flex, both powered by the same platform and technology, the same award-winning voice remote and the same cloud-based software. 
With Xfinity Internet, you can opt for Xfinity Mobile, a great value wireless service hosted by Verizon, now inclusive of nationwide 5G and augmented by our own WiFi network, the largest in the U.S. And we have the ability to evolve this offering over time should we choose to include our own wireless network or cellular infrastructure to generate even greater profitability in the most highly trafficked mobile areas. It is this unique combination of broadband products and services that led to this quarter's 556,000 net new customer relationships and 633,000 net new high-speed Internet subscribers, both the best quarterly record in our company's history.  
In the U.K., customer relationships now stand at over 13 million, a figure that's been steadily growing, driven by our exclusive content and experience that cements our video relationship with customers, a differentiated broadband service as the #2 provider and increasing wireless penetration. It's a winning formula for other markets that we will look to replicate.  
Moving to our second strategic priority, aggregation. Whether it's a pay TV video bundle or a streaming solution for the home, entertainment remains an important consideration for new and existing broadband customers. X1 and Sky Q are the world's leading platforms for aggregating broadcast, sports and streaming services. Flex provides that same experience to those customers who prefer streaming-only video, included for free with Xfinity Internet. 
We've developed the best operating system for your entertainment experience, controlled by one global voice remote, enabling 15 billion commands in 5 languages annually. Our expertise, our technology and the tremendous amount of R&D continue to push us forward with opportunities to generate new revenue streams and areas of monetization, which sets us on an even stronger path towards long-term growth. 
The goal of our common tech stack is to build once and deploy as many times in as many markets and in as many ways as possible on our network or through wholesale distribution. We've already experienced great success with our current X1 syndication model. White labeling our software and technology gives us a significant revenue stream that boasts healthy margins and even more important, more scale for our platform. We look forward to expanding this expertise to other distributors and believe that an even larger nationwide and potentially international syndication model will create new opportunities in this rapidly changing ecosystem that will create value for our company and our shareholders.  
Our third strategic priority is streaming, which not only provides us with another increasingly important way to reach our viewers and monetize our content, but it also drives demand for higher speeds and more reliable broadband and differentiates and improves the economics of aggregation. Peacock, our premium ad-supported video on-demand service, is the right streaming strategy at the right time. After launching nationwide just this past July, we are excited to already have nearly 22 million Peacock sign-ups to date and have exceeded all of our internal engagement metrics, even without having the benefit of the 2020 Olympics.  
Going out with free allowed us to grow quickly with a very low cost per acquisition and significantly less marketing spend than other new streaming services. We've also been able to effectively leverage our expansive high-quality library and over $20 billion of annual content spend that supports our existing media businesses for Peacock and enhance it with targeted incremental investment in additional streaming IP.  
Xfinity has been a significant contributor to Peacock's success, driving awareness and usage through bundling with X1 and Flex. In fact, Peacock was the #1 app on Flex and the #3 app on X1 for the month of September when measured by reach. We're also leaning into Flex, which increases the lifetime value of our broadband customers as we see churn improve by 15% to 20% for new customers that engage with the platform. Since adding Flex is a video option, we've seen our entertainment relationships increase. In fact, the growth in the Flex monthly active user base, which now sits at over 1 million, more than offset the decline in the number of our traditional pay-TV video subscribers for the past 2 quarters.  
Reaching these 3 strategic objectives takes focus and discipline, and we have both. We are realigning our cost structure across our company and making the appropriate level of investment in the right initiatives so as to fuel long-term growth and enable us to effectively compete in an evolving global marketplace.  
Turning from our long-term strategy, I'd like to highlight our third quarter results, which I am quite proud of in light of the challenges we have faced with COVID. In Cable, our revenue growth accelerated, and we generated an impressive 10.5% increase in EBITDA. 
We have been incredibly successful in identifying long-term cost efficiencies. In fact, with our self-install offerings and digital tools, customers can do virtually everything they want or need to without picking up the phone or requiring a truck roll. But we're also investing for growth with the goal of increasing awareness of our ever-improving Xfinity brand, promoting and advancing our leading broadband position and accelerating our mobile and business segments. 
At NBCUniversal, the team has done a really creative and impressive job of navigating through an incredible amount of uncertainty, and I'm pleased to report that some businesses are steadily recovering. Given the resumption of both sports and content production. Where we continue to see the most pressure from COVID is in our theme parks, which were the single biggest drag in the quarter. In fact, excluding this segment, NBCUniversal EBITDA would have grown by 9% year-over-year. 
While it will take some time for the parks to return to historical levels, we have made substantial progress. Universal Orlando and Osaka are operating at limited but growing attendance. And while we don't know when Hollywood might reopen, we remain very bullish on the park's long term. I am very excited for next year's launch of our, frankly, incredible new theme park in Beijing. 
Early in the third quarter, we announced a completely new structure for our television businesses, enabling us to realign how we invest in the creation, production and distribution of world-class content. In essence, we've done away with the concept of creating a piece of work for a specific network. Our priority is to invest in and create the absolute best content and ensure that we maximize monetization by choosing the most effective method of distribution, whether it's broadcast, cable networks, Peacock, sales to a third party or some combination of all 4.  
Last, we're closing in on 2 years since we bought Sky so I thought I would spend a moment providing some context on the progress we see to date. The U.K., which is by far the largest component of Sky EBITDA, has proven to be a strong business that has generated high single-digit EBITDA growth over the 2-year span when adjusting for the momentary impacts of COVID, anchored by growth in both our customer base and revenue per customer relationship. Our U.K. customers continue to do more with us as evidenced by our higher penetration in broadband, in wireless and in the Q Box, all of which solidify us as the home of aggregation and streaming and which sets us up nicely for continued growth.  
What we see in the U.K. guides our thinking on the prospects for what Germany and Italy could each become. In both markets, we have a leading brand name and customer proposition in video supported by significant scale. While it may take time, we are on a path to replicate the U.K. playbook and took an important step toward this in Italy with our recent launch of broadband. We also have fairly immediate opportunities to improve our cost structure as we move to centralize our organizational efforts across our markets and as we have begun to reset many of our largest sports rights in Continental Europe, which should provide hundreds of millions of dollars in annual savings.  
As Jeremy highlighted recently, we are confident in our ability to double EBITDA at Sky over the next several years. And importantly, Sky fits right in with our broader company priorities, playing a big role in strengthening our tech stack for aggregation and in content solutions across all of NBCU and cable.  
When you put it all together and look at the first 9 months of the year, it was certainly not the year we all would have expected. We've executed extremely well. We've taken advantage of the favorable interest rate environment to enhance our balance sheet and liquidity, and we remain committed to getting leverage where it needs to be so that we can return to buying back stock.  
All in all, this was a really strong quarter, and Mike will now take you through our results in greater detail.

Okay. There's a lot in there, Jessica. Let me start with the aggregation and broadband question and then let Jeff and others talk about the upfront.  
So look, we think we have this 3-pronged strategy that complements each other, works together and basically ends up giving customers the best product regardless of what segment they're in, and broadband is definitely a central element of that. But aggregation in this world, as we know, is consumers, that you want to flip back and forth between one streaming service, another streaming service, live television, YouTube, whatever it may be, and finding a way to have our entertainment platform and our voice commands, whether it's in a smart TV, whether it's in a box and whether that is in, frankly, the U.S. or in the rest of the world and in other providers.  
And so we've made great progress with aggregation in this quarter and in this year. Name the service and you'll see that it's now either on the road map or very much being used. Whether it's NBC-driven content with Peacock, we've now shown that we can market and make aware for our customers great shows like Yellowstone that you may not have found on a different network that all of a sudden has zoomed to the top. And that's before we get additional content like The Office, the Olympics and what have you.  
And so putting it all together, we see the tech companies and others with ambitions on having a relationship with our high-value customers, our 56 million high-value customers, and aggregation. And who can do that the best with a voice and just say the words -- I was literally watching last night a Prime show, switched to Netflix and then went back to NBC all with just one click and with my voice. And so the innovation that our team has done, the seamless integration, working with the various content providers, we've made tremendous stride. 
Jeff, do you want to talk a little bit about -- and therefore -- I'm sorry, to close out on monetization of that. We've seen a number of ways that leads right into advertising because it's an ability to not only give you a good experience and charge through our subscription fees depending on what level of service it is, but in the case of Flex, whether it's lower churn for our broadband, whether it's additional advertising with Xumo and on smart television platforms and other things we have on our road map, which are very exciting to continue to take these tools and find new ways to give them to customers and thereby create additional value for the shareholders. 
Jeff, do you want to talk about the upfront?

Doug, you may be on mute.

Yes.

Well, why don't I help organize that -- this answer because I think you touched on a little bit of everybody and give some of the folks a chance to talk about the quarter. So why don't we start with Dave to talk about video packaging. 
I would just add that I think we've seen this shift coming. I think Dave and the team have done an outstanding job of having a connectivity platform and thinking of it that way so that we're ready for that shift. I don't think it will be all or nothing. I think it's been highlighted here during COVID and people being at home as much. But fortunately, we were ready for that. 
I think Jeremy could talk a little about kind of some of the different trends in Europe and how Sky is preparing for that bundle of app world, as you called it. And you're right, the economics change depending on what -- and we want to get ourselves to a position of indifference where the consumer is driving, not the company, and the consumer decides where they want to rest and what package they want. And the company finds itself in a -- in having the best product and a good set of economics. We may always have a preference over one versus the other naturally, but we want you to be satisfied as a consumer and make our long-term growth happen. 
And then, obviously, Jeff can talk a little bit -- and Mike, if you want, on the -- on all the definition of success, which I think is a great way to look at NBC. But Dave, why don't you take it off?

Sure.

Great. I'm glad you figured out your tech issues. 
I don't want to suggest that there's any new news regarding the U.S. in terms of X1 licensing. What I think we are referring to is -- or what I'd like to refer to is just what it does when we do license others, and we're in conversations all the time with companies, and the success that, that business has had, which we haven't talked about very much on these calls. It's gotten to a pretty good size, and it has a very healthy margin. And there's a lot of Canadian companies, Cox in the U.S. 
And the area that we've been focusing on is drawing Sky and Xfinity closer together into one global tech stack, which then opens up the opportunity to do this now not just in North America but also starting with Sky. And we're on a number of common architectures, and I think you will see in the future products roll out as a result of our ability to do that and conversations that are being had to be able to now take that conversation more broadly.  
I think the most significant benefit, it certainly is the money that it brings in. But what that allows us to do in terms of scale is -- so we talked a lot about video here. We pivoted a lot of our innovation to broadband in the last 2, 3, 4 years. And we saw this transformation coming. We saw how important broadband was going to become and even further become and reinvent itself over and over again. To have the best broadband quarter in the company's history, sitting here in 2020, when it's a 20-year-old product, give or take, is a pretty dramatic and amazing statement, in my opinion. And that's because we've kept reinvesting in what is broadband and what can it be and going to WiFi when that did not exist to now integrating that into your streaming, your aggregation, the things we've been talking about this morning. 
So having the scale and the quality of talent on a global basis to be able to recruit the best engineers, when, again, we see a number of other companies wanting to enter this space and/or lead expanding, not shrinking, is I think the greatest achievement. And I give credit that we are expanding our footprint synthetically, if you will, through some of these other relationships with companies who want to take all of our products, whatever they can become, and they've done that. And I think we've given them a great experience for their customers, and they've been super supportive of our technology team. Dave?

So let me -- on wireless, let me have Dave comment a little further, but I don't think we have any new news today on that question. We are trying to build optionality from a cost basis. It really won't affect the product you receive. We hope that it would be -- you wouldn't know the difference but what network you're on. We just want to have the best value with the best service. 
And we now have 5G right at the same time as everybody who is a network operator. And so that's how we've thought ahead, I guess, is the best way for me to answer that question. When we did the original MVNO relationship, we thought about things like what new technologies might come in the future. And in this opportunity to -- and we have to respect that some of the auctions rules require us not to comment on things. So we just look at it as creating options for the future for the company when they have a value -- net value add to all of us, the shareholders. 
Dave, does that sound right to you?

No, I think that's an excellent answer and a good way to end the call. I think going back to a question that was asked earlier: What's your definition of success? I think you've just laid out, Jeff. It's looking across the whole company. And Peacock is a fantastic example of just in this -- just from quarter-to-quarter, amazing progress, and it's helping all parts of the company and their road maps ahead. So it's just one example. Really good quarter, and we look forward to giving you more engagement stats in everything else as we go. 
My -- there's a race on, and we did really well in the last 90 days, in the last 180 days in that race by the strategy that has been laid out here, which offer a lot less money and a lot less risk to our core company, changing the financial characteristics and yet giving us that potential to now have many customers having the Peacock app signed up. What can we do to get that engagement and usage up? That's over the next 10 years and life over the long term of once you get that real estate. 
So we're going to continue that race, and we've got some great content ahead to get people who have yet to try Peacock play with it. And when you get there, it's got to work really well. And that's where that experience from Sky and X1 and doing user interfaces paid off. So we'll keep focused on it. 
And thanks for all the questions and the conversation. Marci, back to you.