Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. This is a really exciting time for our company as we are so pleased to have completed the acquisition of Sky. And today, we look forward to talking more about that, which we'll do in a little bit. But let me first turn to our strong third quarter results and the many key achievements that I'd like to highlight. 
Cable's EBITDA growth of 7.6% was the fastest in 6 years, and net cash flow increased by 15.6%, the third consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. This impressive financial performance reflects the pivot we've made to our connectivity businesses, which have higher margins and lower capital intensity. 
In addition, we surpassed 30 million customer relationships as year-over-year growth accelerated to over 3%. Customer relationship net adds of 288,000 were driven by 363,000 net new Broadband customers, the best third quarter in 10 years. Collectively, residential broadband and business services revenue increased by nearly 10%. These results demonstrate that customers love our products. 
We're investing to harness the capacity and capabilities of our network and deliver innovative, differentiated experiences, which we believe gives us a long runway for further growth. We're competing really well in residential broadband by offering customers the fastest speeds, most reliable WiFi coverage in the home and industry-leading WiFi management and controls. We've branded our holistic broadband product as xFi and continue to add new features, and we're rolling out our xFi gateways and pods to further enhance the service. We also recently announced that our 1-gig Internet is now available to nearly all of the 58 million homes and businesses passed in our footprint. This is the fastest deployment of gigabit speeds to the most locations in the country by anybody. It's a similar story in business services, with demand for our connectivity across small, medium and enterprise customers driving double-digit growth. 
Led by our X1 platform, video plays an important supporting role in our strategy of driving whole-home economics and providing the best value and experience to customers, and we remain committed to competing for video subscribers we can serve profitably. By aggregating and integrating everything from linear TV to applications like Netflix, YouTube and soon, Amazon Prime Video, X1 delivers an unmatched user experience and the broadest range of content that underscores the value of our Broadband service. 
Our newest addition to the bundle, Xfinity Mobile, is also resonating with customers. In little over a year, we've crossed 1 million customer lines. Customers who subscribe to Xfinity Mobile have overall higher satisfaction, and our early results indicate that adding mobile improves broadband customer retention, one of our key objectives. 
Another success that I'm proud of is the progress we've made in improving the customer experience. Over the last 12 months, customer satisfaction scores have increased, and we have taken out 16 million calls handled by our agents and reduced truck rolls by over 1 million year-over-year while adding nearly 1 million customer relationships. What's enabled us to do this is our transformation of the way customers interact with us. Over 75% of the interactions are now being completed through our digital touch points. Providing more digital tools remains the key focus as we go forward, and that will help take additional operating costs out of the business. 
Now turning to NBCUniversal. Cable Networks and Broadcast TV EBITDA collectively increased by 6% in the third quarter, reflecting growth across retrans and affiliate revenues, content licensing and advertising. Some highlights from the recently completed 52-week season included NBC Broadcast finishing #1 in total viewers for the first time in 16 years, along with our win among adults 18 to 49 for the fifth consecutive year in prime and Telemundo's second consecutive win among adults 18 to 49 in Spanish language prime. The new season is off to a great start as well. Both networks continue to lead the competition, and NBC holds 4 out of the top 10 shows in prime, the most among the broadcasters, as well as 2 of the top 3 new premieres this season with Manifest and New Amsterdam. Thanks to Bob Greenblatt for building this momentum, and we're excited with George Cheeks and Paul Telegdy, who are off to a great start. 
At Cable Networks, MSNBC had an outstanding quarter once again, with record ratings resulting in its largest lead ever over CNN in key dayparts. As these results demonstrate, we have the right TV content with more ways to monetize it than ever before. 
At Film, we had record profitability in last year's third quarter thanks to Despicable Me 3. While this year was lower without a comparable animated film, it was still a healthy quarter with successful theatrical results from Jurassic World, Mamma Mia and other films. We are looking forward to 2019 and beyond when we will see a ramp-up to multiple animated releases from Illumination and DreamWorks as well as the return of some of our best franchises. 
Finally, at Theme Parks, our park in Japan experienced multiple unprecedented weather events and natural disasters that impacted results, as Mike will cover in more detail. Our thoughts are with those, many in Japan, who were affected by these devastating typhoons and earthquakes. We remain very confident and excited by the long-term trajectory of the parks business as we continue to execute on our successful strategy of driving growth through new attractions and adding hotel rooms as well as the opening of a new park in Beijing in the coming years. 
This is a fantastic time in our company's history. We delivered a strong quarter with some of the best results in years. We've transitioned to more of a global company with our acquisition of Sky, and now we are getting started on the next phase of our strategy. 
With that, let me turn it over to Mike for more details on our results.

Okay. Well, I'm going to start. I'll let Dave talk a little bit about that. So I do think that X1 is the best in the world, and I think -- and that's because we've embraced things like Netflix, YouTube, voice-control guide. We have a long road map of more things that are top of the list. There's Amazon Prime, shortly. And then beyond that, tremendous innovation. Things like when we're watching a football game, all those other things you may want to do while consuming it, looking at stats, being able to someday interact, look at your fantasy leagues. I don't think we're anywhere near the completion of what the technology is capable of. Second, we've used video in a way to support the Broadband business, and that combination seems to be working quite well. But there's other applications throughout the whole home where voice can play that role. And artificial intelligence is the other area that we're using across the whole customer experience, and the same platform is being used from everything from figuring out those sports scores and data that you want, to recommendations of shows and entertainment. Two, customer experience, service quality and texting to customers appointments and scheduling. So we're building a great capability as a technology company. I don't think we had any of that just a few short years ago. Dave?

I think it's a perfect transition point. Thank you, Craig, for that question because it underscores the strength and the momentum of the core company and the core businesses. And Cable, Broadband, the pivot, best results in a decade. NBCUniversal, we've had a double-digit compounded rate of growth since we bought the company and it sets us up for what's next. Jason?

I'm delighted to have Jeremy Darroch here with us today, Sky's longtime successful CEO. We think Sky is an incredible and unique stand-alone business that fits perfectly with Comcast, and the best way for you to hopefully reach the same conclusion is to hear directly from Jeremy about Sky's market position, brand leadership and strong growth potential, and then I'll talk a bit about how excited we are about the combined company and its prospects. Jeremy, welcome.

Jeremy, really well done. Thank you. So as you've just heard, Sky is a great business with terrific organic growth ahead and they operate with leadership positions in attractive markets as well as having the premier brand. Jeremy, along with Rupert and James Murdoch and so many others, have built a sensational company, and that's why this process was so competitive. Together, we make each other even better. The combined company is a broadly diversified, global leader across video, broadband, content and distribution, with 53 million high-value direct customer relationships in 3 of the world's 5 largest GDP economies. And now the largest Pay TV operator and fixed broadband provider in developed economies with #1 positions in U.S. cable, #1 in U.S. broadband, and #1 in U.K. Pay TV. 
Sky triples our footprint of homes we can directly sell our TV products into, now nearly 200 million, and nearly doubles our broadband footprint. When you combine the NBC Broadcast and cable channel portfolio, and now include Sky-branded entertainment, sports, movies, news channels, we become the leader in viewership share across all 4 primary Pay TV geographies. And all of this is built around subscription-based and recurring revenue businesses, which has allowed us to grow EBITDA for 23 straight years, and Sky adds to this highly desirable formula. Core to this formula is a great culture and strong leadership. In fact, as we've spent more and more time with Sky's management in the past month, I've been struck by the similarity of mission: Connect more people to the moments that matter with products and content that they love. 
With a global footprint, Xfinity, Sky, NBC and Universal now position Comcast to play an increasingly influential role in shaping media and technology for decades to come. That's why we're so excited. Jason, over to you for questions.

Okay. Thanks, Jason. First of all, today, we moved forward and we are excited about the road ahead. But to that question, you never know exactly how securities are priced and what the motivating factors are. But I do think it was mispriced, whether that's because for 5 years, it's been in a variety of M&A flux, because there's -- was a large shareholder, because there was regulatory uncertainty, whatever it may be. There's also been a change in the actual market, as Jeremy just laid out, in terms of the sports rights and competitiveness and sort of new business opportunities that are just about to emerge in Italy, launching broadband and other things that we just heard. And then I look at the fact, as I said earlier, Disney bid 10% less and that's exactly the amount we bid less than they did on Fox. These are super desirable assets when put together with a company like Comcast, and the fit makes us stronger. So first, as a stand-alone, I think it supports the values. Together, I think it increases the value. Time will tell. And it's -- I go back to the people who have a tremendous knowledge of the company and the road maps we all want to develop and who are stockholders themselves with probably a larger percentage of their net worth than anybody else, our -- the senior employees. And the senior employees are extremely energized and motivated that this transforms the company and gives us opportunity to build shareholder value, and we're hard at work to do that.

Well, let me kick that off. Those are all important aspects of work that's underway. Let me start with the question about Sky and opportunities for better scale. Absolutely, I mean, that's a big motivator of what will reveal itself for years and years to come, and some of it will be right away on some expenses. But the real opportunity is with north of 50 million homes, triple the footprint, innovation, purchasing, relationships, new products, where the world may head. That's what makes it so exciting, and we've always believed scale mattered. That's been true. I think that's why our results at Comcast Cable were so stellar. That's why NBCUniversal has been able to grow as much as it has, and I think Sky is a leader in its market. So that -- when you're doing something in a new market, you like to be the best. It's hard to build that when you're starting behind, and now we're fortunate to have the best products and the best leadership in the best markets. Jeremy?

Well, with all the announcements of new streaming services, we'd be remiss if we didn't look at it very carefully. Where we come out is that streaming, obviously, is going to be a part of our business but is not a substitute for what is currently a very good business in television. By the way, our shows are very popular on streaming services. The Office is often the #1 show on Netflix within a month. We're a big percentage of Hulu. Our kids' products that are made by DreamWorks Animation are very popular on Netflix. So we have a lot of shows that are currently very popular on streaming services. And we're looking at different ways that we could accelerate our business in terms of streaming. But we're doing everything with the notion that we have an existing business that's terrific, that we want to protect and nurture and continue to build. And I think time will tell. I think there's been a little bit of a rush to, "Oh, the traditional television business is over and we've got to get into streaming." Streaming, we think, is very challenging economically and we don't want to rush into anything that, in any way, could sort of take what has been a tremendous television business and make it worse.

Well, let me start. I think that we're really excited and pleased with the management team at Sky and the people that we've met and the results that they've had. While there is wonderful people at AT&T and NBCUniversal, in both cases, we made some early changes on day 1. We are delighted that Jeremy and many of the team -- the senior team, we hope and believe are all going to stay with the new company. So in that regard, there's a difference. But I think the trajectory of these businesses that excited us to want to own Sky is because there's growth, and Jeremy laid, I think, a very compelling case out as to why Sky probably was misunderstood and maybe mispriced, back to that earlier question. But they're also -- and you picked the right 2 deals. We've probably done over 100 deals over the career and the history of the company. But you picked the 2 that are really -- were transformative. Why is that? Well, in the case of AT&T Broadband, it gave us scale in the U.S., made us the #1 cable company in terms of markets, and markets you can never get back. It was now or never in those great markets. It was really John Malone's life work and Amos Hostetter's life's work. And NBCUniversal is a story, brand, and Lew Wasserman's life work and the NBC and the iconic cable channels that they bought and created, and the theme parks and Telemundo, and what we now enjoy as NBCUniversal. And in the case of Sky, really, Rupert Murdoch figured out a long time ago that television was going to transform itself and how could you be the #1 brand. And he used a different technology than we used, and those technologies are becoming less and less relevant as we look forward in an IP digital world. But he understood that customers wanted choice, they wanted the best provider and that, that was happening globally. And that allowed him to create all the content. That's the big difference. It's not -- as Jeremy said, it's not an aggregator, it's really a creator, and that is a huge difference on the go-forward economics and the growth rates, depending on how we execute. So I think it's stay tuned, but we feel as monumental a moment, at least I do, that this will open up the scale and the innovation, and I hope, in fullness of time, the revenues and the cash flow and ultimately, shareholder value that we've successfully done in moments like this. And the first thing we had to do was go into the bond markets, and incredibly successful offering, oversubscribed, and now we have the job handed to the operating team to go execute. Jeremy?

So let me just wrap up by saying thank you to everybody for giving us a little extra time, and I think it was time well spent to get a deeper understanding of Sky, why it's a great business, why it fits us so uniquely and why we are as excited as we are. I think the results for the quarter speak for themselves and we'll talk to you in 90 days.