Thanks, Marci. I'd like to start by wishing all of you well, and I hope that you are safe and settled in for what feels like a new normal, at least for the balance of this year. While none of us has a perfect crystal ball and we don't know the path this virus might take, I could really not be prouder of how our teams across Comcast Cable, NBCUniversal and Sky are together managing our business. The response has been extraordinarily fast and effective. Our products and brands continue to resonate strongly with our customers across all segments and all geographies. This, combined with the unwavering efforts of our employees, produce second quarter financials that highlight the strength and resilience of our company.
It starts with Xfinity, the core of the company, whose fantastic results continue to be fueled by our best-in-class broadband business, which experienced record low churn for yet another quarter while connects remained healthy. The consistency of these results confirm that our strategy and corresponding investments are working. We offer differentiated products and services and a fantastic customer experience, all of which we are delivering even more efficiently.
Considering that NBCU and Sky are facing certain pressures that are momentary and unique to some of their businesses, I think we are performing incredibly well. Despite theme park and theater closures and most sports having been paused, we continue to transact. And more importantly, we are innovating as we position these businesses for continued market leadership and the return to strong long-term growth.
From a broader perspective, Comcast is truly in an enviable position. We have an amazing portfolio of companies that are each successfully taking advantage of the evolving ecosystem, and together, creating complementary capability, technology platform and a global footprint. All of this is led by our extremely flexible and robust broadband network, which is the foundation of our connectivity-centric relationship with residential/commercial customers and heavily supports our other services, including video aggregation and mobile.
With NBCU and Sky, we have some of the most valuable global content, whether it's news, entertainment or sports. And we are leaning into streaming. This starts with what is now our valuable 1/3 ownership position in Hulu and is enhanced with Peacock, our own ad-supported service whose nationwide launch earlier this month exceeded our high expectations. In fact, as of today, we already have 10 million sign-ups. With these and many other drivers of growth, I am so excited about where we are headed.
While our second quarter results were better than we previously forecasted, the reality is they only represent a 90-day snapshot. In the months ahead, there's going to be a lot of noise, if you will, in the quarterly numbers, which will not be unique to Comcast. As usual, we will continue to be transparent so as to help you navigate the near-term complexities of our business. But we also want to provide a deeper understanding into what I believe is the underlying strength of our company and how we're managing each business for the long term beyond the effects of COVID.
For that reason, we have changed the format of this call and have asked Dave, Jeff and Jeremy to comment in more detail about their plans for the future, specifically how they intend to tackle both the different challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. They will then be followed by Mike, who will take you through our second quarter results. As you'll hear, we're playing offense, working together like never before and using our combined capabilities, our scale, our brands, our talent, our technology and our investment-grade balance sheet to ensure that we remain a leader in our markets and that we deliver superior long-term value for our shareholders.
With that, I'd like to start with Dave.

I just want to add one thing. This is Brian. But I think you were touching on, obviously, a critical set of subjects here. The company is really trying to lean into streaming. And we are, I think, somewhat uniquely positioned to do this in ways different. Obviously, we're a very EBITDA-focused company, and there are other ways to build new businesses and enhance our strong cash flows.
And so if you look at what you just heard, Flex is all about helping broadband, but we've been able to put Peacock as a very important part of it. Now we're going to have more streaming of films. We use NOW TV, a technology from Sky and they're already streaming relationships. So we want to remain relevant to customers so that user interface, part of the answer on Flex, allows you to stream across many properties that aren't Comcast content or NBCUniversal or Sky content. It's, we think, the best interface around. And that same team is -- part of that team is helping build Peacock with Matt Strauss and other people.
So I'm pretty excited that as the world is transitioning, broadband is the center of making a lot of that possible. And now we can bolt on a whole bunch of content and interfaces and hopefully do that in a way that customers really enjoy, and that's what's been happening so far.

Okay. And finally on that question, I'm really pleased with, first of all, Mike's leadership during this -- and the team that reports to him and many others at corporate for how well we've handled all the uncertainties. And our balance sheet strength and liquidity are -- really, really speak for themselves, and I'm very satisfied there.
I think the restructuring that you're hearing about is about the businesses, as Jeff and Jeremy both talked about. I think to reinforce how well our broadband business is performing and the cable company, we're always looking at can we reduce expenses and can we be more efficient in how we run the company. That's definitely always top of mind, but I think we have all the parts. I think we're taking advantage of this transition. Some parts of it are uncomfortable, for sure. But for the most part, our company is getting better. And I think, going to be one of the -- emerges one of the winners of the New Age. And a lot of that is giving customers more flexibility to do and see what they want. And as Jeremy just said, this is happening all over the world. And I'm really pleased with how well it's been put together. And we wanted everybody on this call to hear even more detail from the 3 operating businesses so you can see how well they're working together and how they're tackling the challenges ahead at corporate. We're helping create the environment for that to happen. I hope that answers your question.

I just want to just add that I hope you've enjoyed the format of this call, particularly at this time. We wanted to talk about not only the 90 days but really how we're running the company. I couldn't be more pleased with the team and the progress. And we're also -- things we didn't touch on were some of our social commitments. There's a lot of just quality to thought that has gone into how do you handle pandemics such as this and how do you position the company for the future and try to do the right thing in the moment.
So thanks for your support and the questions, and we're available to do follow-up. Marci, back to you.

Thanks.