Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. We had a wonderful third quarter across the entire company with 18% growth in adjusted EBITDA and 34% growth in adjusted EPS, and we generated $3.2 billion of free cash flow. 
One of our goals in the past several years has been to return to a position of offensively investing in our existing businesses, paying a growing dividend and also buying back meaningful amounts of stock. So I'm pleased to report that we have now achieved all of that in this quarter, and we are back to our desired leverage ratios. 
Our Cable division continues to be a standout, delivering over 7% revenue growth and the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit EBITDA growth of 10% fueled by our broadband business, which generated 300,000 net additions and contributed to a very healthy 255,000 net new customer relationships. Business services has emerged from the pandemic and was also a key driver of our results. And we believe this momentum will continue. 
Our success comes from our network advantage, innovative products and world-class operational capabilities, which enable us to provide an unparalleled experience. Just like in residential, we are proactively responding to the needs of our commercial customers and offering personalized solutions. 
While small business has led our growth for the last decade, we are still significantly underpenetrated in the mid-market and enterprise segments. We see a lot of potential to take share in our large addressable market, which just got even bigger post our recent acquisition of Masergy, which builds on our strong offering of technology solutions. Masergy has become a leading provider to companies worldwide and unlocks a customer segment that we don't have today, particularly U.S.-based organizations with multi-site global operations. 
Xfinity Mobile exceeded its prior record, adding 285,000 lines, the most in any quarter since launch. And we continue to evaluate ways we can accelerate this business even further as wireline and wireless connectivity services continue to converge. 
We are looking at new exciting products and packaging that highlight how we're able to provide our customers with the best and most reliable broadband wherever they are or wherever they go and help them save money at the same time. And with only 6% penetration of our 32 million broadband customers, we have a long runway. 
Taking all of this together, we have an incredibly robust broadband business, and we've been adding over 1 million broadband customers each year for the past 20-plus years. And we continue to deepen these relationships by offering a fantastic and differentiated in-home experience with the fastest modem and gateway and the greatest WiFi coverage. We plan to continue our relentless focus on aggressively developing and improving our suite of products around connectivity. 
The foundation of all of this is our network. And we are currently in the process of deploying new technology, updating key infrastructure and accelerating virtualization across our footprint so that we can deliver even further enhancements fast and at scale to millions of customers. And we will continue to evaluate every opportunity we have to expand our passings, which will bring our amazing suite of products and services to many new homes and businesses. 
All of Dave Watson and his team's superb execution is around decades of investment that has led to constant new product innovation, including this month's launch of XClass TV, an extension of our leadership in video aggregation. XClass is an innovative smart television powered by our global technology platform that brings the best of our company's entertainment operating system to consumers nationwide together with the option to use either Xfinity, Charter or other entertainment apps. 
At NBCUniversal, we continue to see great progress in each of our businesses, but I'd like to highlight our theme parks, especially Orlando, which just reported the most profitable quarter in its history despite having virtually no international guests due to COVID-related travel restraints. 
In Hollywood, we continue to see recovery, and we had a very successful and exciting opening of Universal Beijing Resort on September 20. I also look forward to COVID-related restrictions easing in Osaka, which could happen soon. 
Our Media business is also doing very well. We're benefiting from the many changes Jeff Shell and his team implemented starting in 2020 with new hires, different roles, fresh content and a more efficient operating structure. We're seeing the financial success in both our linear networks as well as Peacock, which has maintained its momentum. We have a new breakout hit with La Brea, which has been a contributor to NBC's overall audience lead this primetime season as well as the best-performing new show on Peacock. 
Sunday Night Football has returned with great momentum, which we're seeing across our platforms. And we're thrilled with the performance of our second Halloween installment, which generated more revenue in its opening weekend at the domestic box office than any other film this year with a day and date streaming release and is the one nonlive event premier in Peacock's history. 
We're also looking forward to extending our streaming platforms outside of the U.S. with Peacock launching on Sky next month and Sky Showtime in the works for mid-2022. At Sky, I want to reemphasize how well we're performing in the U.K., which continues its growth trajectory and customer relationships led by record low churn. 
We're also seeing great momentum in our broadband and mobile businesses. Earlier this month, Dana Strong and her team introduced Sky Glass in London, a premium all-in-one streaming television and multichannel subscription package that is so much more than just a stunning TV with amazing sound. It's an innovation platform that opens up a whole new world of entertainment for our customers and simplifies the experience so they can stream every channel, every show and every app in one easy-to-use interface. And already, the customer response has very much exceeded our initial expectations. 
We're also incredibly proud that Sky Glass is the first TV to be certified carbon neutral. Sky has been leading all of Comcast with its sustainability goals and is the first media company in the U.K. to commit to being net carbon zero by 2030. 
While Glass and XClass are distinct products with different monetization and distribution strategies, they extend our customer base beyond our previous capabilities. And they run off the same global technology platform. This allows us to quickly bring the best features to consumers across territories, segments and brands and on Comcast hardware and through our syndication partners. 
I'm pleased to also announce today that Apple will bring Apple TV+ and the Apple TV app to our Xfinity and Sky customers on X1, Flex, XClass, Sky Glass and Sky Q devices. And Comcast is bringing the Xfinity Stream and Sky Go apps to Apple TV devices. We're working together with our partners to deliver the best apps and experiences on our platforms. And our teams are sharing capabilities and collaborating across the company, collectively drawing on our scale and leadership in broadband, aggregation and streaming to innovate and profitably serve new and existing customers. 
Looking ahead, I am excited about the opportunities we have to both invest in our business and return capital through buybacks and dividends all while maintaining leverage around current levels. And I believe we are extremely well positioned to continue our track record of building long-term shareholder value. 
So I'm pleased to now hand it over to Mike for more detail on this strong quarter.

Thank you, Ben. Let me start that if you look at where we are today, we -- the global technology platform, we do about 5 billion entertainment streams a week on 75 million devices. So we have a huge global scale. And one of the great things that we've been working on with Dana and Dave is having a global technology platform and working together on product innovation. So to specifically talk about the connected TV, streaming TV, which is what Sky Glass and XClass are really all about, I think it's a natural evolution. So I think it's a beginning of a logical extension. 
And so I was in London for the launch of Sky Glass, and we've been working on it since the day we bought Sky, taken about 3 years to see it come to fruition. It's a really exciting product, just simplifies for the consumer so much. Dana can talk in a moment a little bit about it. It is a really breakthrough idea, I think, on how people buy it and pay for it. 
But mostly, it's an embodiment of what we do well, which is aggregation, and that we're going to find a way for consumers to get to what they want faster, personalize it and have fun along the way. And then it's a platform for innovation on a go-forward basis for where we think television may evolve. And whether it's gaming, whether it's fitness, health care, education. And so having that be a part of your relationship with our company, I think, is novel territory for us to do R&D off of in the U.S. And finally, it allows us to take it all over Europe potentially, as you say, in and out of footprint. 
So we're starting in the U.K., but we have ambitions to expand quickly to other countries. And it's great for streamers and streaming services. So our importance to the streaming universe will continue to grow. And our relationship and certainly the Apple announcement today is the latest iteration of that. In the U.S., pretty much locked in sync with our Sky team is the XClass, and Dave can talk a little bit about that. But we look at the markets, there's different opportunities, different realities with our partnership with Hisense and with Walmart, where many Americans get their televisions. 
And so we're excited to begin. And I think -- so different ends of the market perhaps. We'll look at this as learnings across the globe. And it follows right on the heels of X1, Q, Flex and the progress we've made on innovation. So I'm really excited by it, and I think it also shows the one company working well together. Let me start with Dana. Why don't you add a few thoughts on Sky Glass? And then, Dave, over to you, and then we'll get to the question on leverage with Mike.

That's the one point. I just -- this is Brian. I just want to add to Dave. I think, gave a very comprehensive and totally agree with the 2 questions that got asked, his answer. I think that, that last point I just want to underscore, which is we're -- the record low churn suggests, to me anyway, a very stable business. That's what's so great about the 32 million broadband customers that we have. We have a recurring business. So while maybe there was a pull forward, maybe there's a slowdown, time will tell as your question suggests. 
We're looking at how do we grow EBITDA, how do we grow margins, how do we maintain and offer more product connectivity, kind of the very first thing we talked about, what else can you do with broadband, what will broadband evolve to over the next 5, 10 years. So we're super focused on minute to minute, but we're also, I think Dave put in context just how good we feel and it's certainly business services, the same kind of innovation that we've been doing in residential we're doing in business services. 
And so it's not some change in market conditions that really we've all been reading about. While there may be coming and maybe there's some of that, I actually think it's personally the disruption from the pandemic, coupled with a large percentage of Americans have broadband. So the question for us going forward is how do we continue to grow the value of that broadband and obviously, therefore, grow the value to our shareholders.

Let me start. Thanks for -- you're all over the kind of sense of optimism that, at least, I think we all feel for the company, where I think we're one of the fortunate companies. We -- during the pandemic, we've talked in the past about how well I think we transition to work from home, customer care, continued productions. So as we come hopefully out of this in the U.S. and globally, where are we driving our company? And I think we ultimately grow where the consumer wants to be. And we have products and different prices that allow customers to come to our company. 
We're getting close to nearly 60 million customer relationships, I think, 57 million or 58 million global relationships. And these are $100 a month plus type relationships. And so we want to be the best leader, and that's why we're continuing the innovation. And then you add in theme parks, as you talked about, and the big events that people come to our company, whether they're advertisers or business partners. 
So I think that's all driven off a global technology platform, and that's where I think we have the real leadership. So -- and then I want to echo what Mike has said a couple of times. We feel like we're back in balance in our priorities, and that really puts us in a position to go forward to be disciplined in what we're doing, be a leader. And that's going to produce after all the many years that our company has been building these relationships around the world to produce a lot of free cash that will be returned to shareholders. But Jeff, why don't you go specifically to the Peacock and other NBC? We haven't heard from you yet. So maybe talk about the company in general.

Okay. Well, I think it's a perfect way to end the call, Phil, with your question. Let me again state that I think it was a great quarter. And one of the highlights of the quarter was returning after several years to what we have, our target leverage ratio, which Mike talked about. 
And so we sort of separate, at least I do in my mind, the borrowing from the buybacks. They're not linked the way you described. It may appear that way. And I just want to give a compliment to our treasury team, Jason Armstrong and the team. During the last 18 months, our balance sheet has now never been in a stronger position. 
We've done some long-term rollovers and extensions at historically low rates. And so you put all that together with this operating performance, and it does get us back to where we wanted to be, which will then allow us to more aggressively take advantage of what a number of us believe is a great company. And therefore, you can put your own value on it as shareholders. 
But we certainly are looking forward to buying back stock. And I think Mike described the logic well in the ratios. And all in all, a really great quarter. So thank you, team, and thanks for your support on the call to the shareholders. Marci, over to you.

Thanks, everybody.