Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. I'm really proud of the company and our results this quarter. We are reporting adjusted EBITDA growth of 6%, adjusted EPS growth of 10% and significant free cash flow while also investing in our future and returning a record high amount of capital to our shareholders. The strong financials today are a testament to our focus on driving profitable growth through innovation as well as a reflection on the professionalism of our employees. Together, I believe we are collaborating and executing at the highest levels.
I especially want to recognize and publicly thank all of our teammates in Florida as well as those who traveled to Florida over the last several weeks. They worked tirelessly to assist customers who were impacted by Hurricane Ian, even while many of these employees had their own losses. This was a devastating storm, particularly for us, as we are the primary cable operator in most of the areas where it hit, and we expect this affected about half of our traditional Florida seasonal customers.
Digging into the third quarter, our results at Cable Communications, again, underscore the impressive consistency in this business with 5% EBITDA growth and 120 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion, bringing us to 45.1%, our highest margin on record. While we are still in a challenging environment in terms of depressed move activity and increased competition from new entrants, we were pleased to see that back-to-school provided a tailwind, and we ended the third quarter with 14,000 net new broadband subscribers.
There have been 4 primary drivers of revenue growth at our Cable segment: residential broadband units, residential broadband ARPU, wireless and business services. And while we don't anticipate residential broadband units to be a significant driver for now, we expect to maintain healthy growth in the other 3, leading to continued strong financial performance at Cable for the foreseeable future.
My confidence stems from the fact that we have always been able to strike the right balance between units and profitability. We compete aggressively while also staying focused on investing in and managing the business to deliver long-term profitable growth, which is exactly what this quarter has shown. We have a distinct competitive advantage that goes beyond just fast and consistent speeds. We provide a differentiated and superior experience within the home, which is the foundation of our ARPU growth.
For example, we offer reliable WiFi coverage in every room, device control and cybersecurity features and a world-class entertainment platform as well as other complementary solutions like Xfinity Mobile that increase the value and utility of our broadband product even more. All of this is only getting better as we further improve our network, and we're making great progress.
During the quarter, we announced that we have begun to roll out multi-gig download speeds combined with up to 5 to 10x faster upload speeds, and we expect to have this available at 20% of our footprint by the end of this year and to the vast majority of our footprint by the end of 2025.
Directly on the back of this, we're completing the core technical foundation for 10G, and we're transitioning to a cloud-based virtualized network as we work towards DOCSIS 4.0, which will enable us to deliver multi-gig symmetrical speeds to customers beginning in the back half of next year.
Looking further ahead, the combination of our high-capacity network, differentiated broadband experience and our terrific MVNO in wireless puts Comcast in a winning position to offer in-home and mobile connectivity that is both robust and ubiquitous. And it doesn't involve trade-offs, which is going to become even more important as people's level of data consumption and overall expectations continue to rise over time.
On average, our broadband customers who don't subscribe to traditional video from us are already using nearly 650 gigabytes of data per month, and that's just today. We are doing a fantastic job leveraging our wireless business. We're still in the very early growth phase in penetrating this segment, and we're having a lot of success.
We added 333,000 wireless lines, the most of any quarter to date, and this morning, we announced that we now have over 5 million Xfinity Mobile lines, and we're just getting started. So summing up, we're pleased with our strong financial performance at Cable. We're encouraged by the long-term trends in demand for connectivity and our competitive advantages, and we're confident in our future growth.
At NBCUniversal, we saw some great momentum with EBITDA growth of 25% despite the tough comparison to the Tokyo Olympics last year. Our Park segment continues to be a real standout, generating the highest quarterly EBITDA on record driven by growth at each of our geographies, including Beijing, which hit profitability for the first time since the grand opening last September. We're seeing clear evidence that the investments we made throughout the pandemic continue to pay off.
We launched Super Nintendo World in Japan, the VelociCoaster in Orlando, Secret Life of Pets in Hollywood, and our drumbeat of innovation goes on. For example, Super Nintendo World will open in Hollywood early next year. We're adding another Nintendo-themed area, Donkey Kong, to Japan in 2024, and I'm especially excited for Epic Universe to open in the summer of 2025, which will transform Universal Orlando into a weeklong destination.
Studios also performed exceptionally well, resulting from a huge summer box office led by Jurassic World, Minions, Black Phone and Nope. Our leadership is driving change in the industry. Our flexible windowing strategy has enhanced the overall profitability of our Studios business, and it's also had a significant positive carryover to Peacock, which just started to benefit from our new Pay-One agreement.
At the end of the third quarter, Peacock had more than 15 million highly engaged subscribers in the U.S. On top of that 15 million, Peacock also had approximately 14 million bundled and free users totaling around 30 million monthly active accounts. Peacock has become the best streaming value in the market, providing customers with a massive premium content offering across movies, TV entertainment, sports and news in English and in Spanish. And with less than 5 minutes of ads per hour for just $5 per month, it is really a great value.
Our sports content is unmatched, with customers enjoying live coverage of the biggest leagues and events, including the NFL with Sunday Night Football, MLB, Premier League, Notre Dame, Big Ten starting in 2023 as well as the WWE; and marquee events, including Super Bowl and Olympics, French Open, U.S. Open, Tour de France, Triple Crown and later this year, the World Cup. We also provide the best of other sports with very passionate fan communities, including IndyCar, Supercross and track and field.
We're seeing a nice uplift from our next-day broadcast, which, at last, are exclusively ours. And coming up through the rest of this year and into 2023 is a strong slate of highly anticipated originals from proven creators, including The Best Man, Mrs. Davis, Poker Face and others. While it only launched a little over 2 years ago, Peacock is already an important part of our portfolio and reflects how we're running our Media business holistically.
Switching gears, the U.K. and other European markets have been adversely affected by the Ukraine conflict, as we all know, higher energy costs, higher interest rates, higher overall inflation and currency headwinds. This quarter, we took a noncash charge as a result of all of this at Sky based on this environment, which Mike will talk a bit more about.
Our Sky team is working hard amidst this changing economic backdrop that's putting pressure on the average customer in the region. We remain focused on customer retention as well as providing the best experience and value in entertainment and connectivity, which contributed to the highest quarterly customer growth since we've owned Sky, including some nice momentum in our broadband and wireless business.
We are keeping an eye on churn and acknowledge that ARPU may be affected in the future as customers deal with this unstable and inflationary environment. We are successfully managing through a variety of measures, and we remain disciplined on our cost structure. We reset the majority of our major sports rights within the last 2 years and are looking for more efficiencies in a number of areas.
So looking at the company as a whole, all of us are paying attention to economists' and other experts' view about how some of these issues in Europe may come to the U.S. And while we are certainly not immune to potential macroeconomic headwinds, I firmly believe that Comcast is in a very strong position relative to our peers and most other companies.
We are a leader in very large and highly profitable markets, and our healthy balance sheet and substantial free cash flow generation enable us to continue to invest organically in our strategic initiatives while simultaneously returning a substantial amount of capital to our shareholders. We pay nearly $5 billion in dividends per year, and we bought back $9.5 billion of our shares year-to-date through the third quarter.
We have a great business, including a fantastic team. Earlier this month, we announced that we promoted Mike Cavanagh to President. For the past 7 years, Mike has been an incredible leader, partner and friend, and we are both very focused on continuing to innovate and grow this wonderful company for all our employees, customers and guests. 
So it's my pleasure to hand it over to Mike.

Thanks, Ben. Let me just start and then kick it to Mike. Given his new job, I'm looking for him to help on those capital allocation questions quite a bit. But I think the bar is the highest it's been in terms of M&A. Obviously, cost of capital has gone up, and we think our stock is attractive and have increased the buyback as Mike just said.
We announced both in actions this quarter and in our Board authorization. So we feel really great about that opportunities to look at things, but we really like the company we've got. Mike, why don't you do that? Dave can talk about DOCSIS 4.

And just one other point to add, long term or longer term, I continue to believe broadband is so critical. It's such an important dynamic part of our society, and it's changing all the time, and people want the best. And the best is experience. It's speed, it's innovation, it's service, and that's what we're really focused on, and we've been that way. And I think it's why we have the #1 position today, and we want to retain that.

Okay. Dave, why don't you start on innovation, and I'll add at the end? I think it's a great question.

I'll just quickly add that post the pandemic, it's pretty exciting to walk through the technology center and see people back at work and the energy and buzz. But I think of ourselves as a unique media and technology company, and we're focused on this sector. We view -- the competition has changed. It includes the tech companies on the West Coast, and we have been looking to add to that scale.
And I think we made real progress in the last 12 months for things like our voice remote, which for those who have it, whether you're using it for a streaming service or for a video bundle, were to now do other things and look up your account and many other aspects of how voice is deeply embedded in all of our products on Sky Glass globally.
We now have, between Sky, the new Charter arrangement, previous deals with Cox and all of the Canadian operators, are virtually all a road map for innovation. And I think as we look forward to the company, that's what's going to keep powering what Mike was talking about, the virtuous cycle of investment and return.
So we're all mindful of the economy and the world that we live in, but we have a pretty unique company. And this is a big part of what I think will make it more unique in the future is to continue to try to innovate. So glad you asked that question.

Very fair. I think let me just start, and I'll let my colleagues join in. The way we're trying to manage the company, and we said this several years ago, which was a shift, was we saw a change coming. And we tried to think like a customer and think like the consumer. 
And we've learned -- I at least think I've tried to learn from other's successes with that mentality. And the consumers, many consumers didn't want the big video package. And so what -- we can fight that or we can try to embrace it.
And so our leadership in broadband was the first evidence of, okay, let's try to embrace it. Let's put Netflix on X1 going back several years. And more people, I think, in a Comcast market view Netflix via X1 than any other device. I think that's still relatively true. Dave, you can comment on that.
Our voice remote integrated all of Netflix's content, and along came many others. Let's just jump to Apple most recently. I think we have the best integration in the world of Apple TV+ on our consumer devices. Over on the content side at NBCUniversal, that change allowed us to create content for Netflix or Amazon or Apple, and many others.
We own 1/3 of Hulu. So when we bought the company, all of our content was committed to Hulu in the streaming -- much of our content. As we've discussed that relationship's changed, and much of it is now back on Peacock. And Peacock has only been out there for a couple of years, and super successful and a great quarter, and congratulations to all of NBCUniversal and the Peacock team for the results this quarter, in my opinion.
And we came up with a different model since we were starting at a different time and ad-centric low cost to the consumer. So again, it's back thinking from the consumer's perspective, how do we fit in and how do we do so on a profitable long-term value-creating way? And so the results you're seeing this quarter, I mean, if you look at last year, last year was our best year in EBITDA and our best year in EPS in the 60 years Comcast has been in business. And we're on pace to do better in this year than last year.
So I think we have a good model, but it starts with thinking from the customer. And so the shift in video, we got to a place where we're actually somewhat indifferent. What the consumer prefers, we want to be for the customer. And then if they're now taking our mobile product, they're getting an even better value. And if they're taking Peacock, they're getting an even continued relationship with NBC if they've changed how they're consuming. So I think we're in a very unique playing offense in a very changing world in a way that continues to yield great results for the company.