Thank you, Jason, good morning, everyone. 2018 was a successful and pivotal year for Comcast, capped off by an outstanding fourth quarter, where we grew pro forma EBITDA by 11%. For the full year, we generated record free cash flow. We're now truly a global company with our acquisition of Sky. And as you'll hear, we had many other significant achievements throughout each of our businesses. 
 
 This success is based on a few guiding principles: be leaders in the markets in which we compete, continuously improve everything so we can deliver the best products and experiences and keep building deep, highly valuable, recurring relationships with our customers. This is what allows us to have tremendous consistency and to think and compete for the long term. 
 
 Throughout this very busy year, one of the things that stands out for me is that the team did not miss a beat, enabling us to deliver exceptional operational and financial results for the fourth quarter and 2018. 
 
 So let's turn to a few of the highlights as well as some of the growth opportunities we see in the coming years. In Cable, we made a very successful transition to a connectivity-centric model, and that drove our fantastic performance in 2018. Strategy is clear: deliver the best products and experiences while improving our focus on keeping the customer at the center of everything we do. 
 
 In the fourth quarter, customer relationships increased by 258,000, and EBITDA growth of 7.3% was the best for our fourth quarter in 8 years. 
 
 For the full year, we added 1 million net new customer relationships driven by our 13th consecutive year of over 1 million broadband net adds. Our connectivity businesses, residential broadband and business services, in total, grew revenue nearly 10% in 2018. We made progress in transforming the customer experience and taking unnecessary complexity and activity out of the business. Greater than 75% of transactions are now being completed through digital touch points. In the past 12 months alone, we have reduced agent handled calls by 15 million and truck rolls by 1.5 million, all while adding 1 million new customer relationships. Altogether, this resulted in Cable EBITDA growth of 6.5%, the best for a full year in 7 years, and net cash flow growth of 13%. 
 
 Our focus on network differentiation and product innovation continued throughout the year. We rolled out gigabit speed availability to nearly all of the 58 million homes and businesses in our footprint and are redefining the in-home broadband experience for our customers with the best speed, coverage and control, which we call xFi. 
 
 In video, we are leveraging our X1 platform to be the best aggregator of aggregators, delivering the broadest selection of content. With our integration of YouTube, Netflix and, most recently, Amazon Prime Video in December, X1 is the best platform to consume live, on demand and streaming content on TV and on Xfinity stream. Xfinity Mobile, which has quickly become another important component of our bundled offerings for customers, ended 2018 with 1.2 million subscriber lines.  We're very pleased with this performance in mobile so far and the value it adds to the bundle and are on track to achieve our primary objectives, including positive stand-alone economics. 
 
 Customer satisfaction is increasing, and retention improved across all of our products in 2018, notably including the best broadband retention on record. So our Cable team is leading, and their big strategic shifts are really paying off. 
 
 Looking ahead, we hope to build on this positive momentum. We expect connectivity will, again, be the growth engine of our Cable business in 2019 and beyond with sustainable benefits to our financial results as our mix shifts more towards these margin-accretive businesses. We see lots of runway ahead, and this should help us deliver another year of healthy customer and net cash flow growth in 2019. 
 
 NBCUniversal has had an incredible run with EBITDA growth at a double-digit compound annual rate since our acquisition, and we are well positioned to succeed for years to come with scale, must-see content and, I believe, the premier management team in the media industry. NBCUniversal ended a very good year on a strong note. 
 
 Fourth quarter EBITDA increased 12%, driven by over 20% growth at our TV businesses. For the full year, TV EBITDA increased by 15% with growth across all revenue streams, reflecting successful execution of our strategy, focused on big events and must-see entertainment, news and sports content. 
 
 NBC had a notable year, finishing the 52-week broadcast season at #1 in total viewers for the first time in 16 years and #1 in adults 18 to 49 for the fifth consecutive year in prime. 
 
 MSNBC was also a real standout, reaching record viewership for the full year in its largest-ever lead over CNN. 
 
 Our Theme Parks and Film businesses were meaningful contributors to NBCUniversal's profitability as well, and Mike will take you through the details for the fourth quarter and full year. 
 Now looking to 2019 and beyond. As our 2018 results demonstrate, there is robust demand for our content across multiple platforms. The popularity of our programming is what gives us a great opportunity to create our own streaming service, as we announced last week, which we plan to launch in 2020. This service will be distinct and compelling, offering current and prior seasons, library and some original content with a light advertising load, all for free to Pay TV customers. It's a great value proposition for our consumers and provides marketers with unique, targetable digital advertising in a high-quality, premium programming. It will harness all of the things that make our company so unique. NBCUniversal's premium programming, the loved franchises and industry-leading advertising sales capabilities and Cable and Sky's broad distribution to 54 million direct customer relationships across the U.S. and Europe and top-notch IP video capabilities and infrastructure, including the now TV OTT platform, we believe that we can generate significant value with this service over time by enhancing our content monetization, strengthening the value of Pay TV, becoming a leader in targeted digital streaming advertising and expanding our reach through direct customer relationships. 
 
 At the same time, our approach to monetizing our content will remain balanced. We will continue to sponsor a broad, varied distribution environment and see this platform as being a valuable addition to this highly effective strategy. 
 In Film, we have a terrific slate in 2019, which includes the third installment in DreamWorks' How to Train Your Dragon franchise, the next chapter in Illumination's brilliant Secret Life of Pets and the return of the Fast and Furious franchise with Hobbs & Shaw. 
 
 Finally, we have some wonderful attractions opening at our theme parks in 2019 with Jurassic World in Hollywood and a pretty thrilling new Harry Potter Coaster in Orlando. 
 
 In addition, with occupancy above 90%, even as we more than doubled our on-site hotel rooms at the park over the last 5 years, we are looking forward to opening phase 1 of the 2,800-room Endless Summer Resort in Orlando in 2019. 
 
 We're confident in the long-term growth potential at our parks with an exciting road map as our partnership with Nintendo debuts at Universal Studios Japan in 2020 and we bring a brand-new, large park to Beijing the next year. 
 
 Turning to Sky, which we have viewed for years as a truly unique company that combines a direct-to-consumer business similar to Comcast Cable, with brands and content ownership economics like we have at NBCUniversal. Sky operates in significantly underpenetrated markets and has terrific long-term growth ahead of it, including the potential to expand into new markets. 
 As our teams have come together, the brand leadership, impressive customer loyalty, premier content and innovation-driven culture that attracted us to Sky in the first place have become even more apparent. The team at Sky delivered a healthy fourth quarter, its first as part of Comcast. Sky's achievements in 2018 underscore some of the reasons we are so excited about this business. Sky grew its customer base in each of its territories with 735,000 total net additions in 2018, including a record second half of the year, bringing its customer relationships to nearly 24 million. It continued to innovate and scale its best-in-class Sky Q platform and launched a new TV offering in Italy with Sky over digital terrestrial television. 
 
 Highlighting Sky's proven cross-selling abilities, fiber penetration increase and mobile customers continue to scale in the U.K. Sky's successful original programming strategy drove strong viewing with Sky originals representing 9 out of the top 10-rated shows on its wholly owned and partner entertainment channels in 2018. Sky enhanced its differentiated sports offering, securing Premier League soccer rights at a lower cost and Serie A in Italy with more exclusive games. And finally, the team is extending Sky's leadership and customer service while continuing to improve operating efficiency with its digital-first initiatives. 
 
 We are enthusiastic about Sky's organic growth prospects as well as the opportunities created by the combined company in 2019 and beyond. 
 So in summary, this was a really important year for our company, underscored by an excellent fourth quarter. Our consistent track record, which now includes 24 straight years of EBITDA growth and confidence in our outlook for continued strong and profitable growth, is what enables us to announce that we are raising our dividend by 10% for 2019. We're really just getting started on this next chapter in our company's history, and we have a lot of excitement about the future. 
 
 Over to you, Mike.

I think that's a pretty complete answer. And if there's other questions on that, we can come back to it, but I think we're uniquely positioned to do all the things Steve just described. I think as we look at Sky, part of the answer, Jessica, right off the bat is what Steve just described. The amount of media companies and potential partners that have reached out to me and to us and to Jeremy and his team since we announced Sky is surprising and overwhelmingly positive, in my opinion. Sky's position is just -- it's quite unique. So today, we focus more on sort of operations, which we did on the last earnings call. Jeremy, you may want to talk a little bit about the specifics of some of the integration work we're doing in the early days. But at the highest level, it gives the company a reach with a very healthy business that is quite enviable and desired. And that's changed the dialogue we're having with our partners and within our own company, and the first evidence of that is the global OTT that Steve just described. Jeremy, you have anything you want to add on that?

Let me just add that kudos to the X1 team. I think they launched Amazon really flawlessly at year-end, Amazon Prime Video, following up on Netflix and YouTube. We've transformed that product every year and made it better. And at the same time, we have a discipline, under Dave's team, to look for profitable video as we've made this transition. So it's this alchemy of leading with broadband now. We have way more broadband customers than we do video customers. That's a huge shift in the company, and we've managed that shift, I think, to intelligently still invest in our video business, but not chase every single subscriber all the time. And I think that balance is why you see great cash flow growth, RGU growth, customer relationship growth, lowest churn, more digital interactions, less cost and free cash flow, therefore, growing at its best clip in a number of years. So I think it's a real balanced job and led by, still, our passion around X1 and video.

Well, I don't think we have any new revelations on that last part of the question, on the 600 megahertz. But I think we're very pleased with the relationship with Verizon, big companies, there's always going to be some issue somewhere between those at one moment in time or another. But if you step back and say, "We've become a meaningful contributor to the wireless net adds in our markets. We're constantly looking to innovate the product and make sure we have the latest offerings available." Sometimes, we're successful in that. Sometimes, we're not perfect. And I think we've hit a good stride, as Mike and Dave were just talking about. So I think the strategy to become a meaningful part of some other folks' networks rather than go out and build our own, I'm very comfortable with that broad category of question. There's plenty in the detail that is always being worked on. Dave, you're closer to it. I just want to add one other point then before that is, what have we learned? We've learned that wireless can really achieve what we thought, which is to reduce churn for the customers who take all our products. And if you go back to the Uber view that we're now looking for profitable relationships and make those relationships deeper, more digital, better experience and better value, wireless checks a lot of those boxes, particularly on value, the way we're structured. It's a simple offer. There's only 2 options. Customers get it. Most of the people take By the Gig, and that is how our relationship with Verizon works. So it sets up economically to be simpatico. And I think we're on a trajectory that we believe we can get to, as we said, stand-alone economics that support the business. And we're on our way.

So let me just end the call by saying really how pleased we were with 2018, and we're off to a great start in 2019. I think just that last answer that Mike gave, we look at Sky as really unique. It's different than Cable, and it's taking all of us time to understand those differences. And the same thing, it's got a content company, and it covers the entire footprint, where it offers its product. So as it renegotiates, it's probably got different characteristics than either of our 2 businesses. But I think you're going to like what you see, and it's going to add to our capabilities worldwide. And those capabilities really do come together, I think, in the OTT announcement, just to pick that as an example, because not only will it throw out the best of our content creation capabilities, whether that's in film or television, whether that's original or recurring series, it needs broadband to get the great capabilities of that streaming service. And that's the core of where the cable company's focused, as we've discussed this morning. And that broadband had a fantastic 2018, and xFi has a road map of innovation onto itself in 2019 and beyond, which is as exciting as what we've done previously on great speed. And now we're looking at other ways. And all of this takes advantage of X1 and Q, which are the best capabilities in the world in what we do. We can always do better. We're -- we had 500 engineers meeting yesterday in our new technology center, and we've just got a real, I think, credibility in the technology space now to keep innovating. And it all comes back to what we give our customers and we see how well Sky's performance has been in customer experience, and NPS made great progress on the Cable side, taking truck rolls out and calls, as we've heard, NPS performance improvement. So all in all, that's what's giving us the confidence to raise the dividend and to start 2019 off to a great start. So thank you to the team.