Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased with our quarterly results. And let me reiterate something that perhaps has been lost in recent months. We have a unique and special company, with a terrific team and great operating momentum. These excellent second quarter results underscore all of this. We generated robust free cash flow of $4.3 billion, along with healthy EBITDA and earnings per share growth. At Cable Communications, we've talked a lot about the pivot we've made in our business towards connectivity. It is increasingly the focal point of our relationship with residential customers. It's the driving force behind our growth in business services, and it's where we're investing our capital expenditure dollars to continue to differentiate and extend our network leadership position. We delivered strong results in the second quarter that reflect this strategy, with successful execution. Cable EBITDA increased 6.5%. And cable net cash flow, which is EBITDA less total capital, improved over 16%. Fueling these results, our connectivity business, residential broadband and business services, collectively grew revenue nearly 10%. We added 182,000 net new customer relationships, and this was driven by 260,000 broadband net adds, our best second quarter in 10 years, as our focus on innovation and differentiation to speed, coverage and control with our xFi products is resonating in the market. 
In business services, we continue to see growth across small, medium and enterprise customer segments. Dave Watson and his team are doing a fantastic job, and we see substantial further opportunity. And our connectivity businesses continue to take share and grow. 
In video, the team continues to adapt to a changing marketplace. As anticipated, continuing competition from virtual MVPDs contributed to our 140,000 video customer net losses in the second quarter. We remain focused on segments that we can serve profitably as part of a broader relationship with the customer centered on a whole home experience. Our best-in-class X1 platform positions us well to do this by aggregating the best content from linear TV to third-party apps like Netflix, YouTube, Pandora and more; integrating other services like xFi and Xfinity Home; and adding features like our recent launch of Fandango voice-activated movie ticketing experience. We expect to announce more integrations with X1 in the quarters ahead. 
We're also pleased with the performance of our newest product, Xfinity Mobile. In a little over a year since launch, we've signed up over 780,000 lines, and are encouraged by the results and customer response so far, as well as early signs of the positive impact that wireless is having on our overall relationship with the customer. 
Finally, we are making progress in improving the customer experience, and opening more ways to interact with us digitally. In the second quarter, calls handled by our agents decreased by 10%, and the portion of customer interactions completed digitally increased by double digits year-over-year. Customer satisfaction is rising, and churn declined in every one of our product categories, including the lowest level for a second quarter in over 10 years in broadband. Our focus on making customer service our best product is starting to really pay dividends, and I'm proud of the great strides we've made so far. 
At NBCUniversal, EBITDA increased 4% in the second quarter, as particular strength in our Cable Networks business offset expected tough comparisons in film. Overall, the underlying trends across our businesses are very healthy, with many exciting highlights like the World Cup on Telemundo, which continued into the third quarter; Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, which is on track to be one of the top 15 highest grossing movies of all time; and the recent opening of several new attractions at our Theme Parks. Our Cable Networks and broadcast TV businesses collectively increased EBITDA by 9%. 
The power of our big event strategy and robust demand for our content is driving continued retrans and affiliate revenue momentum, growth in content licensing and solid advertising, which reflected strength at MSNBC and the World Cup in the second quarter. Telemundo set numerous records throughout the tournament, including the network's highest ratings ever during Mexico's thrilling win over Germany. Its digital presentation has also been tremendous, generating a record 130 million live streams, and making it the biggest Spanish-language live streaming sporting event in history. NBC Broadcast won the recently concluded September to May season by the widest margin for a network in 30 years, and is on track to win the full 52-week season for the fifth consecutive year. And MSNBC continued its impressive performance now solidly ahead of CNN in prime time, and closing the gap with Fox News. I'm not sure enough focus has been paid to MSNBC and the incredible progress it has made. 
Underscoring the importance and value of all this great content to advertisers, we just completed another outstanding upfront, with high single-digit pricing gains, coupled with 5% growth in volume commitments. We also achieved 25% growth in upfront digital sales, reflecting our strength strike across viewership platforms. 
Turning to Theme Parks. EBITDA is up 12% through the first half of the year. Our wonderful team continues to successfully execute a strategy with new attractions across our parks and, in the second half, will benefit from the recent openings of night parade in Japan, Kung Fu Panda in Hollywood and Fast and Furious - Supercharged in Orlando. Adding hotel rooms has also been a key driver in Orlando, and we're excited to have the Aventura Hotel opening in a couple of weeks, bringing total on-site rooms to over 6,000, which is 2.5x more when compared to 5 years ago, with still more capacity to grow. 
As you can see, we had a great first half for the year with a really strong second quarter, and showing strength across all parts of the company. 
With that, let me turn it over to Mike.

Okay. Well, thank you, Ben. Let me start, and then kick it over to Dave maybe for a little bit of his perspective, first of all, doing a great job taking this company that we built, and recognizing times are changing. And as more people rely on faster and faster broadband and more capacity, that gave us a marvelous opportunity to make investments to take the innovation machinery that our engineers and technology team have built and repurpose them partially to focus on innovation around broadband with our xFi products and our xFi brand. So the whole company understands that connectivity is same with business services. And so it starts with everyone understanding that that's the opportunity, and then trying to be best in class. I think some of our competitors are focused on other things, and that allowed for an opening for us to make these investments and see consumers be happy with the products. And so I think today's results, we are hopeful they can continue in the future. We don't have a better crystal ball than anybody else, but we're pretty confident with the momentum through the first half of the year. And this is the best second quarter, which is seasonally not the strongest quarter, that we've had in 10 years. So I think that's a great achievement. Dave?

Jessica, let me start. Our focus has been to position broadband in the core subscription, and I think the 4.7% ARPU is a good outcome that speaks to that. We had fair rate increases that impact that. Our packaging is entirely broadband-centric. And so that's a big source of revenue in how disciplined we are around -- if somebody does elect to take broadband only, we're very focused on making sure that we price that fairly. So we'll evaluate everything over time, but we're very focused on the core subscription. That's where I think the rate opportunity is.

Thank you, John. Let me just generally comment on this. And I think I'll hit some of your points, and some of them we're not prepared to address today. But in terms of scale, I think today's great results show that our company has scale, that it's working well, maybe even better than that, maybe in the number of our products with the market leader, best in class. That comes with scale. So in the case of Fox, it was a unique opportunity. And we were very disciplined in our approach to it, but we thought it was mostly about international expansion opportunity. We had regulatory believe that it was approvable in the United States. In fact, we've had conversations that were going well. But ultimately, we pulled back because we thought that we couldn't build enough shareholder value by making the price, which seems, in our judgment, to be possible to buy it at, which was increasing. So -- and that's how we've built the company. We've looked at a lot of things, thousands of transactions over 50 years. And we've done several hundred, and that we have more times than not been able to create shareholder value if we can make those acquisitions work. So we're focused on Sky now. We think it's a great business. So it fit well, good use of capital. It's also unique, but I don't want to say anymore today. And hopefully, that addressed a number of your issues.

So let me start. In terms of virtual MVPDs, I don't think we're going to have -- as I said, give you a number because we all can speculate. But I think your point, it actually is -- or even -- I would broaden it and say it's true for NBCUniversal as well. One of our strategies is to have diversification in such a way that as new technologies come, it's not all or nothing. And we're benefiting more than I think we're losing from that additional competition. If you look at the 2 businesses, to your point, clearly, broadband is growing faster, as we keep saying in recent years. Why is that? Because of video over the Internet is more reliable and more devices, 10 devices in a home and growing and more bits per consumer and more bits per home. All those are great trends for us. We'd like it all to be our bits, but it's not, that's why we've integrated the Netflixes and the future integrations in YouTube and things we've done. Over at NBCUniversal, they're able to have more distributors, and having more ways to sell individual shows to those distributors and having more packages, channels that they can sell to packagers. So I think it is a very dynamic time, and we're uniquely positioned as a company to benefit from these changes. And we don't think they're all or nothing and going to happen overnight. This has been one of the most -- maybe the single most profitable year in television's history if you add up all the various piece parts. And that's true globally, and that's true in the United States. And so our strategy of trying to have our company better positioned than maybe anybody else to take advantage of these shifts without having a bet that's so great that we could get something wrong, that's what's given us a sustainable long-term track record of creation of value for shareholders, good return. And we hope to do that in the future.

So on the CapEx side, in terms of the question, in terms of video, as Mike said, we're improving the guidance 50 to 100 basis points versus the prior guidance of 50 basis points of improvement. And this is absolutely -- it does relate to mix shift. And yes, we're continuing to invest quite a bit in our infrastructure around broadband. But there are less video customers. But we're also doing a good job with X1. We're highly penetrated with X1. So we're not going as proactively to that base. So it is video CPE that's less that is driving that.

And that's really -- remember, we're at the early stages of penetration of X1, which has crossed now 60% penetration. So as we always said, once we got to a certain point, that will ease. And that's what you're seeing, offset by good investment back in the network for broadband with line extensions and business services investment on the capital side.

So it's hard to predict or hard to say exactly what percent of marketers' budgets are going to digital, but the television market remains very, very strong. And I think some of the strength is just because, if you're trying to change a buyer's opinion, there's nothing better than a TV spot. There has been nothing created on the Internet that is as compelling in terms of changing a person's mind about a brand as a television spot, integrate show, watched by millions and millions of people. And what we're finding is the breadth of our offering, we have over 20% of all the rating points in the United States. The breadth of that offering is allowing Linda Yaccarino Our sales team to go to market and provide sort of integrated solutions for advertisers across all of those networks, and also across all of our digital properties and all of the other digital properties that Linda's selling. We have deals with Apple and AOL, BuzzFeed and FOX. So the combination, we think, is proving to be very valuable despite the fact that, obviously, people like Google and Facebook are achieving gigantic ad sales. And in terms of direct-to-consumer, I think there's a feeling right now that everybody is completely focused on Netflix. The vast majority of television viewing is not streaming. The vast majority of television viewing is not Netflix or Amazon or Hulu. The vast majority of television viewing continues to be linear television for big events, particularly for big events. Our future, I think, is selling wherever consumers are, if they're watching linear, if they're watching streaming, if they're watching any different kind of platform, cable or broadcast. And so we we're trying to position our company to make sure that all those avenues are open, and that we intelligently look at those avenues and maximize the profitability of our video business. And that's -- to me, that's the kind of strategy that leads to a successful company. And that's the path that we're on.