Thanks, Marci, and good morning, everyone. I'm really excited to report the strong second quarter results, which were highlighted by exceptional performance at Cable, delivering 11% revenue growth and a nearly 15% increase in adjusted EBITDA. This was fueled by our fantastic success in broadband. 
We added 354,000 broadband customers, an increase compared to both the same period last year and to 2019. And that drove 294,000 total customer relationship additions. These were the best broadband and customer relationship results we've had for any second quarter on record. 
Our broadband connect activity is healthy, and churn improved for the 14th quarter in a row. In fact, we hit the lowest second quarter churn rate in our company's history. Based on our first half results, combined with the strength we're seeing in current trends, we now expect total broadband net additions for 2021 to increase mid-teens relative to 2019. 
We also added 280,000 wireless subscriber lines, the highest of any quarter since launch. And Xfinity Mobile is now a stand-alone, profitable business. We got here on time, if not a bit earlier than expected. And we are experiencing the fastest sales momentum we've ever had, a testament to the changes we implemented in the back half of last year when we reprioritized wireless across our sales channels and integrated this business more fully into our core operations. And this past April, we introduced a fabulous Unlimited family plan, which we just started offering to our small business customers as well. 
So I couldn't be more pleased with Dave Watson and the team he has assembled as they have a relentless focus on connectivity, which has never been more important. They truly put the customer first, offering innovative and differentiated products and services. And pretty unique to the market, we now offer 1.2 gigs of downstream to essentially all 60 million homes and businesses in our footprint. 
The foundation of our success is our network, which we constantly evolve so that we can easily handle capacity growth, increase in subscribers and the changing usage patterns of our customers who continue to take faster speeds. Currently, there are typically 25 connected devices in the home, with 8 active at any one time, and this increases every year. That drives in-home Wi-Fi usage to 15x that of wireless. Delivering huge amount of data at consistent speeds and reducing latency is what's powering our growth. And we're doing this in a cost-efficient way.
Virtualizing our network, combined with our suite of digital tools, also allows us to continue to improve the customer experience while identifying additional cost savings. And the progress we've made is evident in our results. During the second quarter, total agent calls decreased by 10%, and total interactions were down by 7%. We also saw a 22% reduction in truck rolls, despite an over 5% increase in our customer base. 
So as I look ahead, I think about our philosophy since the early days of broadband, which has been to bet on a never-ending cycle of new technologies, devices and applications that come from Silicon Valley and new start-ups everywhere that need to take advantage of greater speeds and capacity over time. We see this transformation happening every day and continue to believe that this is ongoing for the foreseeable future.
So what does that mean for our network? Well, since October of 2020, we've been trialing gig and multi-gig symmetrical speeds over our DOCSIS infrastructure to great success. With upstream comprising today less than 10% of total broadband usage, even during a peak, we don't really have a consumer use case for this technology capability yet. But the strategy for our network is to plan ahead. We're investing in architecture that lets us go beyond where consumers are, and we can do all of this in a way that won't affect the capital intensity ratios we currently enjoy. Dave can provide more detail about the technological decisions we're making during the Q&A. 
With Cable comprising roughly 70% of our consolidated EBITDA, broadband is a top strategic priority. And I could not be more pleased with the strength of this quarter and the first half of 2021. 
Looking at other parts of our business. For the first time since the pandemic, our Theme Parks returned nicely to profitability. This was led by Orlando, where we've seen strong domestic demand in both per cap spending and in attendance, which returned to 2019 levels, somewhat faster than I thought might happen, despite virtually no international visitation. 
And in Hollywood, since restrictions have been lifted, attendance is growing week after week. We continue to see firsthand, the pent-up demand for high-quality entertainment and family fun outside of the home. And we remain incredibly bullish on our Theme Parks. 
Our Studios business is also coming back. We've returned to prepandemic television production levels, and we're really optimistic about our upcoming films, especially after the success of Fast 9, which debuted at #1 in all territories at launch, and with $600 million of worldwide box office to date, remains the biggest U.S. film launch since the pandemic began. Following Fast, we successfully released Boss Baby 2 and the latest installment of Purge. And over the July 4 weekend, we had the top 3 films at the domestic box office, the first time that's happened for any studio since 1995. We have a great slate ahead with Dear Evan Hansen in September, followed by a new Halloween in October. And we end the year with Sing 2. 
Next, let's talk about our media and production strategy, which across the entire company, is aligned around one purpose: create premium programming which we can then scale and monetize for the very best global distribution outlets. Peacock adds to what we already offer. It's a great complement to our linear brands, which are successful in their own right. And together, these platforms provide a continuous loop of content and promotion that seamlessly drive viewership across our ecosystem, offering a different access point to attract new audiences while giving existing viewers more of what they love.
We are clearly capitalizing on the strength of our media brands, having just completed the strongest advertising upfront in our history, securing double-digit increases in both volume and price across our entire portfolio. And I'm pleased to report that as of this week, Peacock has 54 million sign-ups and over 20 million monthly active accounts. This is 50% higher than our last report, driven by a number of factors: the Day and Date release of Boss Baby 2; debut of Dr. Death, our most successful original to date; and the airing of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. 
The third quarter, thus far, has been a particularly strong period, and we will work hard to manage retention and grow from here, recognizing we are unlikely to replicate such tremendous performance. But we remain optimistic with a lot of programming strength ahead of us, such as more premium originals; Monday Night Football; the Beijing Olympics; and our reimagined dynamic Pay-One window, which starting in 2022, shifts our film titles to Peacock exclusively for the first and last 4-month segments in the Pay window, with Amazon Prime and Netflix sharing rights for the 10 months in between. 
By showcasing content across multiple platforms, Universal films will constantly refresh across the streaming ecosystem. Audiences will have multiple access points with which to consume our content, and we will generate more third-party revenue while retaining the most valuable window for Peacock. So as you can see, we've successfully been able to pivot, coming up with creative ways to keep up with consumer demand and in many cases, making even more money than we did before. 
At Sky, we are pleased revenue is back to pre-COVID levels, despite the lingering impact that COVID continues to have on our pubs and clubs segment. Sky's results were led by the U.K. with revenue and EBITDA ahead of 2019, and we're seeing momentum across a number of areas. Premium TV churn is at record low levels. In streaming, we posted ARPU growth of over 20% for the fourth consecutive quarter. And in broadband, where we just introduced our 500-meg offering, we experienced improved churn relative to both 2020 and 2019 despite a 6% price increase in the quarter. In addition, Sky Mobile had the strongest second quarter activations on record with churn averaging 40% better than industry average. 
And today, we're announcing the debut of our international streaming strategy for Peacock. Later this year, we will leverage Sky's significant scale and powerful brand to include Peacock at no additional cost for its 20 million customers across Europe. The benefits of this launch are tremendous. We will unlock incremental advertising revenue, introduce the Peacock brand and content catalog via Sky's established platforms in key European markets and directly monetize our programming investments.
The decision to make Peacock the anchor tenant on Xfinity's X1 and Flex platforms for its domestic launch has been a key driver of brand awareness, scale, consumption and promotion, and we see a similar opportunity with Sky. We're utilizing all the wonderful assets of our company to create value for audiences everywhere, and we look forward to finalizing agreements with other programming and distribution partners outside of our Sky markets. 
So summing up, this was a fabulous quarter and a great first half of the year. I'm so pleased we are now in a position to buy back stock, which we will report on in Mike's section. This is a truly very special company, and I'm excited for the road ahead. 
Mike, over to you.

And Ben, this is Brian. Let me start by saying I really love the company we've got. I can't imagine really a better quarter. It's an exceptional quarter. And I believe we have much more organic growth ahead. And we have a very special, unique company, across distribution and content, working so well together. And you see that with Peacock and Sky and Peacock and Xfinity and even in our Olympics advertising. And we like -- and we are investing behind the businesses. So I don't think -- I think Mike Cavanagh has been very blunt that we don't need M&A. We have a majority broadband-centric company, and we like the mix. 
So what might that drive us to consider at least, which is any kind of partnership where we have unique special capabilities that could lead in -- globally or internationally to enhancing our streaming position. That's something you might talk to others and consider. 
But as to your scale question, I really think it would -- we have all the parts. And Jeff, why don't you comment on that in just a second and maybe with some more specifics. But if you look at the results of Peacock this quarter, again, we're probably -- we're the fastest-growing streaming service, 50% in 90 days. We have a brand that's only a year old, and it's either the #1 or #2 new brand in America that's been created. So I really think our corporate focus is, as we've said many times, was to get back in balance on capital returns.
I'm probably most pleased this quarter that we were able to get to that place, buy back stock, as Mike just talked about. So I do think we have the scale. I think we have an amazing company, and I feel fortunate with our position. 
Jeff, why don't you talk a little more about the scale?

For the observations because I would -- I share your view. It's been an extraordinary year. I'm really proud of the company, first of all, on some of our initiatives, our commitment of $1 billion over 10 years to close the digital divide and have broadband be accessible and affordable for many more people. And so I guess I'd start by saying the momentum, it's on us to keep this fabulous execution. Dave talked a lot about that focus. 
I think what kind of gets lost perhaps a little bit in broadband is not just the consumer broadband, which clearly, record second quarter. Now saying again that this year, we expect mid-teens growth from 2019. I did not expect that 6 months ago. 
So how do we keep that momentum and build on it, that comes down to great products and the network and a team and a management team. We've made a lot of changes. We've had some retirements and other things and the backfilling and moving executives, promoting executives. All that has put our team in an excellent place. We've learned how to work in a hybrid manner. And whatever comes next, I don't think this team will miss a beat. And so I thank them for their focus. 
But as I think about broadband, we really don't talk about business services enough to have a $9 billion business from 0, built literally with 0 market share and growing only 1 direction and keep expanding the definition of that market from small, to medium, to now really enterprise. And every couple of weeks, I get an e-mail that talks about some major account that we've just won for the first time, and it could lead to way more volume over time. So Bill Stemper, who has run that business really since inception and has done an exceptional job. And we're trying to do that now at Sky and expand that market. 
And then, we've talked a little bit about wireless and mobile. And we've really pivoted to being a strategic opportunity with fantastic customer satisfaction ratings, a great relationship with Verizon that enables us now to compete and compete well and to innovate and so on and on. I think keeping our focus there. 
So in the longer term, I think we have an opportunity to see the vital trend of direct-to-consumer, digitization, computing power evolving our -- the way we live, how relevant will our company remain and be and help lead that change. And I look at the tech company results, and you just see this trend accelerating. 
So what are some of the takeaways? Well, first of all, being an enabler and a critical opportunity to innovate our network to help be as relevant in the future as we are today is job one. I think digital advertising. We saw some of the results from the tech companies, and we look at our own, creating more inventory. So the strategy for Peacock for me feels really smart. We're creating more digital inventory. That's the Holy Grail of ads. That's why we're able to get a premium, and Jeff can talk about Olympics a bit. But in the big picture, we're reimagining how people consume. And that consumption is enabled by broadband and now enabled by Peacock and hope to do that in a more significant way. 
And then retaining talent and being a company where people want to work, but at all levels of the company. And that's being reimagined in our society. And we read about it every day, how people have more choices and more balance in their life. 
Figuring that out, we have a talented team that is leading us and that I really want to thank here and at this quarter and this first half of the year. And coming through the pandemic, it feels like, hopefully, there's an opportunity to be a real light even if we have a few more moments. This company is well positioned, and I just really feel that way. So thanks for giving us a chance to ask that question. Pass it to you, Jeff?

Mike, why don't you answer that?