Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. This was a great first quarter and an exciting fast start to the new year. Overall, we delivered strong EBITDA and earnings per share growth as well as robust free cash flow. As you'll hear, this includes the best quarterly EBITDA growth in over 10 years at Cable, favorable results at NBCUniversal and exceptional growth in customer relationships at both Cable and Sky. These results, combined with the continued strategic evolution of our company, bring into focus why we are so well positioned to successfully compete and grow for the long term. 
We have the leading scale platforms in the key and most attractive markets in the world. The U.S., U.K., Germany and Italy are 4 of the top 10 markets globally in terms of high-value households, representing 15% of the world's broadband and video customers, but with about 50% of the world's associated revenues. Collectively, we are #1 by a wide margin in these markets with 54 million customer relationships that generate ARPUs of over $110, with substantial margin and incredible stickiness. 
We are intensely focused on being the leaders in the markets in which we compete, and we'd achieve this by continuously improving our best-in-class products and experiences. This gives us a sustainable path to growing and deepening our customer relationships for years to come, and our over 400,000 net additions in the first quarter continues our company-wide momentum. 
Secondly, we also have leading scale in premium content. We purchase and produce $24 billion of content annually and monetize it through our entertainment, news and sports networks and across other third-party platforms. 
The first quarter was highlighted by NBCUniversal's fantastic theatrical releases. And Sky's differentiated content continues to attract strong viewership, with Sky Originals representing all of the top 5 rated shows across its owned and partnered entertainment channels. As content creation has many recent entrants, our industry-leading scale is a defining asset. 
So let's turn to some more details of the first quarter and the opportunities that lie ahead. Cable Communications delivered an outstanding quarter, including the highest quarterly EBITDA growth in over a decade, even better net cash flow growth and healthy customer relationship growth. Our efforts to improve the customer experience are driving higher customer satisfaction and taking unnecessary activity out of the business. 
Nearly 80% of customer interactions are now completed digitally. And in the first quarter, we reached our lowest service call rate, highest first call resolution rate and shortest repair times on record. These operational achievements are a huge part of the roadmap. 
As we've previously described, we pivoted the business towards our most important and differentiated product, our industry-leading broadband service, which forms the foundation of our valuable relationships with residential and business customers. Our customers' demand for speed and data usage keeps increasing. Our median broadband home now uses over 200 gigabytes of data per month, an increase of 34% year-over-year, which accelerated from the fourth quarter. 
With our consistent investment in our network, including a capital-efficient path to 10-gig speeds in the coming years, we believe we will continue to exceed customer expectations. Along with X1, Mobile, Voice and home security, we continue to develop complementary products and services to deepen these data-centric relationships. 
Most recently, we launched Flex, which adds value for broadband-only customers by integrating a wide variety of favored streaming apps and leveraging some of the best features of the X1 platform, like our voice remote and the ability to manage connected devices on the big screen. 
Overall, with lots of runway ahead on our connectivity businesses, we are confident in our outlook for continued healthy customer and net cash flow growth at Cable. 
At NBCUniversal, our first quarter performance demonstrates the power of our premier content portfolio. Adjusting for the profitable broadcast of the Super Bowl and Winter Olympics during last year's first quarter, NBCUniversal EBITDA increased by double digits. 
Film had a tremendous quarter, including the theatrical releases of DreamWorks' How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World and the thriller, Us. We are looking forward to the second Secret Life of Pets as well as Hobbs & Shaw from the Fast and Furious franchise later this year. 
At television, underlying trends remain healthy, reflecting demand for our must-see entertainment, sports and news content. NBC is on track to finish in first place among adults 18 to 49 for the 52-week season for the sixth consecutive year and has 4 out of the top 10 entertainment shows on broadcast this season, more than any other network. 
MSNBC also continues its impressive success leading CNN by more than 50% with the narrowest gap to Fox News in over 15 years in total viewership. These highlights throughout our content portfolio bode well for NBCUniversal's direct-to-consumer launch. Each company seems to be pursuing different opportunities as the streaming ecosystem evolves. And we really like our plan, which naturally leans towards the wonderful strengths across all of Comcast. 
Together, NBC and our Cable Networks have leading viewership share, and consumers love Universal's films library and many content franchises. Advertisers are eager for targeted digital advertising opportunities and the kinds of top-quality shows we produce and our ad sales capabilities and organization are the best in the industry. So our DTC service will be positioned to gain scale quickly as it will leverage the current Pay TV ecosystem, including our own tens of millions of valuable customer relationships. 
We also have scaled IP video capabilities and infrastructure, including the NOW TV OTT platform developed by Sky, which will greatly accelerate our efforts. The entire company is energized by this new initiative. 
Turning to Sky. We remain confident in our strategy of differentiation through unique content, leading to a sustained, attractive, competitive position. With a wide range of innovative products and packages, Sky is in a great position to continue to expand its addressable market, leveraging the strength of its brand. 
In the quarter, we had robust subscriber growth, adding over 100,000 net new customers. While, as expected, new proprietary sports rights deals impacted our profitability. As we begin this new chapter of our combined company, its early days, but we are finding significant areas for collaboration. 
A couple of notable examples this quarter included the expansion of AdSmart, bringing together NBCUniversal's advanced targeting solutions and Sky's addressable advertising tools in a first step towards creating a global premium video offering for advertisers. 
We also announced plans to combine key NBCUniversal and Sky assets, including some European TV channels and global content distribution businesses, which will provide better scale to accelerate growth and innovation. 
And we're also exploring launching a global NBC-Sky news channel later this year. 
So in summary, we're off to a terrific start in 2019, highlighted, in particular, by momentum in broadband and business services, which drove Cable to its fastest level of quarterly EBITDA growth in years. I'm really pleased with both our execution in the first quarter and our strategic positioning of the company for the future. We have world-class global content creation capabilities, and our growing base of over 54 million recurring customer relationships is built around the highly differentiated products and capabilities, our powerful broadband network at Comcast Cable and Sky's unique market position. 
Over to you, Mike.

Let me start then kick it over to Steve and Dave, maybe. I think that we start with the central view that streaming is going to happen, video-over-the-Internet is more friend than foe and we wish every bit was our bit, but if people consume more bits, and video clearly does that and 4K video does even more of that, that's in the sweet spot of where this company is going to grow. In terms of the cable effect for the cable company, again, we've now integrated Amazon and we've integrated Netflix and we deliver more Amazon and Netflix, I believe, to our customer homes, the #1 way to receive it in our footprint in our customer homes, and that -- it's a deep, successful, beautiful, elegant integration that the tech teams have done at both companies. And we've done that with YouTube. And you can imagine it will do that again with others as the world continues to evolve. Dave, you want to talk a little more?

On Hulu, the relationship with NBC is very much in everybody's interest to maintain. And we're -- have no new news today on it, other than it's really valuable. And we're really glad we own a large piece of it. And Steve, you want to add anything there?

Let's start with Dave.

Jeremy?

Before we jump to Steve, I just would add to that point that, probably, the difference between us and some of the others that you referenced is that's the strength of this great network and the model we've got between business services and consumers. If a customer doesn't choose to want to buy one of our video products, they're buying our broadband at a better rate than we might have had anticipated years ago. And that's where the shift that we're talking about is playing to our strength. The higher-margin, ultimately increasing revenues at the double digit that Mike talked about for the broadband business is pretty exceptional. So getting that mix right, not holding on to the wrong customers too long allows us to free up the broadband business and that's where the Flex product looks like strategically, we've now set a course for years to come that anticipates the change that is happening in the market. And that's where I want -- Dave, you're doing a great job.

Marci, I don't have that off the top of my head. We'll get back to you with whatever has been disclosed on that. We'll try to sum that up. But I think the point in making the statement, just to put it in context, is the scale of this company and the questions and the conversation that we've been having here, it just dawns on me that the steps we've taken, I feel great about it. Sitting here today, with a global world that is interconnected more than ever, technology allowing that, what's our growth? What's our strategy? And you take those top 4 geographies, that's where the best customers reside. You want to have content opportunities in those countries. And we -- the $24 billion shows -- and that's not Dave Watson buying cable service. That's our production or sports spend or purchase from making films, and you put that together, that puts us first or second biggest producer of content. You have all these new platforms that want that content. And we have the very best team making that content and now doing that in the #1 position in Europe, it makes us just that much of a greater company. And then the 54 million homes and having only 25% market share, but that's far and away bigger than anybody else. But 25% of those -- in those 4 countries, we represent the revenue and the business relationships is a fantastic position for this company. So it's the scale and it's across content and distribution that I think we were trying to highlight.

Yes, I think -- what Steve said earlier is we're going to keep our powder dry for another day to talk about more specifics than what we've already laid out. I would think -- again, the point is as we see new entrants, we're just reminding people the breadth of this company and also, I guess, our philosophy that it doesn't all have to be on one platform to be successful. There are a lot of different strategies and, particularly, when you do that on a global basis. So we go from the #1 broadcast network to, frankly, a great portfolio of cable channels. Universal having its most successful 3 years in the last 3 years, I think, or 3 of the top 4 years and having a great start to this year. Sky already said they're going to do more of their own productions. And the top 5 shows were all Sky produced. You can see some trends and draw your own conclusions. And we'll have more to talk about in the future.