Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We are off to a terrific start in 2018, with first quarter revenue growth of over 10% and healthy EBITDA, earnings per share and free cash flow. I'm really proud of these results, which reflect strength across all parts of Comcast NBCUniversal. We have such a special company with a collection of scale businesses, each executing at a high level and substantial opportunities for continued growth led by our margin-accretive segments. We have a business model that works well, and we see more and more of our peers attempting to pivot towards a similar strategy of integrating distribution and content. We think our team has done a great job of this, particularly with NBCUniversal, as you can see in today's results. This successful execution led us to make an announcement earlier this year that further strengthens the strategy with our proposal for Sky. 
This morning, we're excited to take the next logical step with a formal binding cash offer for Sky. The terms are consistent with what we already outlined in our 2.4 announcement, and Mike will provide some additional color on this later. So let me turn now to our strong first quarter results. 
Starting with Cable, our connectivity businesses, including Residential broadband and Business Services are now at a nearly $24 billion annualized revenue run rate combined, growing over 9%, with significant runway ahead. We are confident in our outlook for high-speed Internet subscribers. As the total market continues to grow, our homes and businesses passed steadily increased and our focus on product innovation and differentiation through speed, coverage and control elements enables us to continue to grow and take share. 
In Business Services, we are making nice strides in our newest segment serving enterprise customers and also continuing to gain in the small and midsize business space with superior products and an attractive value proposition. We have built an incredible organization within our company, with over 10,000 employees dedicated to our Business Services efforts and more than 3,000 of them are sales professionals helping us add new business customers every day. 
In the first quarter, we added almost 380,000 net new broadband customers, grew Residential high-speed Internet revenue by 8% and Business Services' revenues by 12%. 
Fueled by these businesses and our ongoing customer experience efforts, we are on track to increase Cable margins for the full year in 2018. 
While investing in a network to strengthen our position in our connectivity businesses remains a priority, we expect overall capital intensity to decline in Cable. 
Altogether this puts us on a path for healthy Cable EBITDA and net cash flow growth as our first quarter results demonstrate. We continue to increase customer relationships, with 273,000 net new additions balanced with healthy EBITDA growth of nearly 5% and margin expansion. Cable net cash flow, which is EBITDA less total capital spending, grew nearly 13%, which is the fastest rate of growth in 6 years. As you can see, our Cable business overall remains well positioned for the future. 
The team is also capably reacting to and managing the ongoing changes in the video competitive landscape. This includes the increasing presence of virtual MVPDs, which contributed to our net loss of 96,000 video customers in the first quarter. We remain focused on finding innovative and profitable ways to deliver the best video and most complete experience to our customers. 
We have pivoted X1 to be a whole-home platform that aggregates the best content, not just linear TV. We recently added Sling TV's international programming, joining YouTube, Netflix, Pandora, to name just a few of the partners we've already integrated. X1 also serves as a dashboard for WiFi connectivity and home automation with recent launch of xFi notifications and new voice remote commands that help manage our customers' smart home devices. The value that this seamless integration of services brings to our customers is quite apparent. X1 has quickly become the most-used platform for Netflix viewing among our customers. We're excited to deepen our relationship with Netflix with our recent announcement that Comcast will begin packaging Netflix with TV offers, creating an additional revenue source for our company. It has been about a year since we entered the wireless market with our launch of Xfinity Mobile, and we are pleased with the results so far. Our offers are clearly resonating, adding value to our customers by bundling wireless together with access to our high-speed Internet at attractive prices. 
We ended the first quarter with 577,000 customer lines and continue to enhance this offering with features like Bring your Own Device. 
In addition, last week, we announced a new operating platform partnership with Charter, the result of our continuing collaboration aimed at getting to scale more quickly through operational and cost efficiencies as we develop our respective mobile businesses, enabling both companies to better compete in a national wireless market. 
Finally, our results continue to benefit from our ongoing efforts to make interacting with us simpler and more consistent, including through more all-digital tools. 
In the first quarter, we reduced calls handled by our agents by 13% and increased the portion of customers interacting with us only digitally by about 15% year-over-year. I'm proud of the consistent progress we are making with these metrics and our room for further improvement bodes well for the future. 
Turning to NBCUniversal, we are well positioned to succeed in an evolving media landscape with our high-quality sports, news and entertainment content, fueling strong results at our TV businesses, our focus on leading franchises at Filmed Entertainment and a fantastic trajectory in our high margin Theme Park businesses. 
This strategy, again, delivered terrific results in the first quarter, with EBITDA increasing by double digits, highlighted by exceptional growth at our TV business and Theme Parks. 
Broadcasting Cable Networks collectively delivered 23% EBITDA growth underscoring the power of our big-event strategy as well as continued distribution and retrans strength. The Olympics generated over $1.1 billion of revenue at our TV businesses, and were a tremendous success. The games averaged nearly 20 million viewers in prime time over all 18 nights across Broadcast, Cable and Digital and NBC's prime time viewership was over 80% higher than ABC, CBS and Fox combined, the widest margin on record for winter games. 
I'm extremely proud of the efforts across the company from NBC's fantastic and very personalized and human coverage to the amazing Olympics dashboard on X1 that made it easier than ever to access all the moments that make it such a special event. The results within our Cable footprint highlight the benefits of the entire organization working together as ratings in X1 households for NBC and NBC Sports Net prime time coverage were 26% higher than the national average. We think of the Olympics as a technology laboratory for the future of television. 
NBC also aired the Super Bowl in the first quarter, which generated over $400 million in advertising. Notably, the broadcast of This is Us after the game was the highest rated scripted series following the Super Bowl in over a decade. 
On the back of these incredible big events, NBC is on track to finish #1 for the fifth consecutive year in demo and is #1 in total viewers for the first time in 16 years. 
We also have the fastest-growing cable network, with MSNBC and the #1 cable entertainment network with U.S.A. 
At Theme Parks, another quarter of double-digit EBITDA growth reflects continued strength from Volcano Bay in Orlando and Minion Park in Japan. And there's more to come this year with several exciting attractions debuting across our parks this spring that leverage our own intellectual property, including a Fast and Furious ride in Orlando, Kung Fu Panda in Hollywood and a Hollywood-themed night parade in Japan celebrating films including Minions and Jurassic World. 
Speaking of Filmed Entertainment, as we expected and communicated, we face a tough comparison to last year's record results. We continue to focus on our franchise strategy and are pleased with the performance of first quarter releases, including Fifty Shades Freed, which brought that series across the $1 billion mark. And we're looking forward to Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom coming to theaters in June. 
So I'm incredibly proud of the team's performance this quarter and excited about the opportunities ahead for our company. I believe today's announcement for Sky will further strengthen our successful strategy and momentum. We love our position owning content and distribution businesses that individually have a great outlook and together make each other stronger. We think Sky is an outstanding company that follows the same formula with a similar business model in new and attractive geographies. We believe Sky, when combined with Comcast NBCUniversal, will create an even stronger and more international business with an increased ability to invest in content and innovation. Much like Comcast NBCUniversal is in the U.S., innovation is at the core of Sky's culture and it has a portfolio of attractive content. A larger combined base of 52 million customers will help support the ability of a combined Comcast-Sky to invest more in original and acquired programming and technology capabilities as we strive to deliver truly differentiated customer experiences. When opportunities arise from unique timing and company-specific situations, we look to take advantage while viewing any potential transaction through the lens of both financial and offensive strategic impact. 
Financially, we evaluate opportunities against alternative uses of capital, including buying back our stock as well as accretion to free cash flow per share and ultimately, the ability to exceed the cost of capital in a reasonable time frame. 
Strategically, we are focused on where we can enhance our position through scale with complementary businesses that provide us with new capabilities, new markets and other growth opportunities. We think Sky is a great fit when judged against these criteria. 
So in closing, we like our outlook at Cable and NBCUniversal continues to grow at a faster pace than any of us originally imagined. The whole team is off to a great start this year. 
And with that, now let me turn it over to Mike for more details.

Thank you, John. Look, they're very different markets. Obviously, video and television have many similarities, but you really have to do the work and look at the competitive situation dynamic, the future potential for competition and I think the markets are just coming from different vantage points. Also, Sky has a terrific programming business, content creation business, over the top business. And so we looked at it and continue to look at it, look at their quarterly results, which they posted last week. And they also are in the broadband business in the U.K, and they made announcements that they intend to do so in Italy. So we are impressed with just the continuing momentum at the business, the ability to have a content and distribution company. It looks very similar to Comcast NBCUniversal. Mike?

Okay. Well, thank you, Craig. Let me start by saying, because there's been some commentary around this question of strategic intent, is that love our core businesses. And anybody who's viewing this as some diversion from that is not reading us properly, in my judgment. We didn't choose to put Sky in play or any other asset in play. That event happened around us. And the question is, do we take a look at it and engage? And as we've done the work and in M&A generally, as Mike just articulated and I tried to earlier, what are the reasons to do it and what are the reasons not to do it. And we look at all of that, and we don't -- we think we're disciplined, we think we have a great track record. Nobody is perfect, but I go back to NBCUniversal and say, we didn't have to do that. And at the time, there was: what's the strategic rationale and other things. In the end, you want to buy it right, you want to operate it right and you want to make a strategy and a growth trajectory for your company that's better than without it. That's how you build an organization over 50 years. And so in the question of scale and looking at the future, again, I don't think we have to do this. I don't think international is -- broadly, is a strategy. I think it is a unique asset in Sky's case that fits well within the mix of businesses we've already got, and is aligned with our existing strategy of integrating content and distribution. And a benefit is that you would get new geographies and additional scale, which gives you optionality for future things to consider, not a requirement or a necessity.

Yes. I don't think we have any news today on that. We'll -- when we're ready to talk about that, we will. But I think Dave's answer was pretty complete earlier on our view of 5G.

Yes. Well, first off on gigabit, yes, it is too early to talk about it, but we're primarily focused on just getting it rolled out, so that's the main thing. But -- and putting it in a premium position, so it's a little early to talk about customers. On the Charter...

No, we are, we absolutely are. Yes. No, it's launched and available, 90%. So the in terms of Charter, we still -- the aspect that you're talking about is still in effect and through May, but this agreement that we just talked is really for the operational partnership, and that's going to be the relationship that will carry forward. 
Okay, I just would add that I think great collaboration between ourselves and Charter, and we'll keep informing you as that goes forward, but I just want to end by saying, Dave, you're doing a great job. Steve, the team is off to a strong start in the year, and we're looking forward to a great 2018. Thank you all for your support.