Good morning, everyone. Before we get to the results, I'd like to embarrass our friend, Jason Armstrong, just for a moment, and thank you for your incredible hard work these past 6 years as Head of Investor Relations. And on behalf of everyone at Comcast, and I believe all the investors, say thanks for a great run, and we wish you terrific success in your new role as Group Chief Financial Officer of Sky. 
Also, I'd like to welcome Marci Ryvicker, who's joining to take over Investor Relations. Marci's got a talented and successful past, and welcome to Comcast.
2019 was a busy, productive and exciting year for our company, capped off by a strong fourth quarter, and we've already jumped right into 2020 with the debut of our exciting new streaming service, Peacock. As you heard last week, it's a truly differentiated approach to streaming that leverages capabilities from all across our company.
As we look to the future, I am confident that the company we have built has all the necessary components to succeed, and our guiding principles remain the same: be leaders in our markets; continuously improve our products and experiences; and build deep, highly valuable recurring customer relationships. Our world-class teams are executing and operating at a high level, all of which allows us to invest in our businesses and deliver consistent results.
The success of our strategy is demonstrated in our consolidated financial performance. We delivered another year of terrific results with growth in pro forma EBITDA of 5.9%, record free cash flow generation of $13.4 billion, growth in adjusted EPS of 14.7%, the tenth year of double-digit growth in the last 11 years. These results were driven by Cable as the team's successful pivot to a connectivity-centric strategy and investment in xFi continue to pay off.
Cable delivered broadband net additions of 1.4 million, the best in the last 12 years, finishing off with an exceptional fourth quarter, which included 442,000 net additions, a 26% increase over the prior year.
In addition, we continue to reap the benefits from our ongoing investments to improve the customer experience setting all-time best for many key metrics, including agent contact rate and first call resolution. We're increasing customer satisfaction and driving unnecessary costs out of the business. All in, this drove 1.1 million net customer relationship additions in 2019, our best year on record, as well as outstanding EBITDA growth of 7.3% and net cash flow growth of 18% for the full year. Thank you, Dave Watson and your incredible team. You're doing a phenomenal job.
At NBC, our content continues to resonate with consumers. We were the most-watched media company in the U.S. in 2019. NBC ended the 52-week season at #1 in the key demo for the sixth consecutive year, and Telemundo was #1 for the third straight year in weekday prime. Our film business grew EBITDA by double digits to $833 million, making it the third most profitable year in Universal's history, providing further evidence that our strategic slate approach is working.
At Theme Parks, we had a challenging fourth quarter, but overall, it was a solid year during a particularly competitive period, and we are looking forward to new attractions in parks to drive growth in the coming years.
In its first full year as part of Comcast, despite difficult European market conditions, Sky had a good year under Jeremy Darroch and his team, delivering healthy customer additions and 12% EBITDA growth on a constant currency basis. Our exclusive sports and award-winning original content are resonating with our customers in Europe, with viewership up year-over-year. Sky has been a great addition to Comcast and positions us to better compete in a world where global scale matters.
As I mentioned at the outset, we have all the pieces in place for long-term success. True to our guiding principles in 2020, we are leaning into investments that further improve our products and experiences across the company. First, we'll continue to strengthen our already leading position in broadband. At Cable, we are launching our fastest gateway, delivering true multi-gig speeds with unprecedented WiFi range, and we're providing our customers with added protection by offering new features like xFi Advanced Security for free. At Sky, we are building on our success in broadband in the U.K. and Cable's continued success with xFi in the U.S. to launch broadband in Italy this year. 
Second, we will focus on the emerging growth areas of streaming and content aggregation by launching Peacock and accelerating our deployment of Flex and Sky Q. Consumers are watching more and more video, driven by growth in streaming. And as we highlighted last week, we believe that Peacock, a premium ad-supported service, hits the mark for both consumers and advertisers. In this app-driven world, consumers increasingly are overwhelmed by content fragmentation and endless scrolling. So with X1 and Sky Q, we enable our customers to aggregate all their apps and linear channels on their TV and seamlessly search, access and view all their content. 
At Cable, we leveraged X1 to launch our newest service, Flex, to better serve the segment of our broadband customers that prefer streaming only. Our early results with Flex show that our customers love it. In our first month, we could not keep enough inventory in stock, and we're deploying Flex as fast as we can.
Based on the proven success we had with X1 in the United States, at Sky, we're now accelerating the deployment of Sky Q, getting to X1-like penetration levels as quickly as possible. This is good for our customers and generates very attractive financial returns.
Finally, we have some exciting new investments in our park business. This year, we will open Super Nintendo World in Japan, with launches in the U.S. to follow in the coming years. Super Nintendo World combines one-of-a-kind ride technology with iconic IP for a remarkable guest experience, and we believe it has the potential to drive substantial incremental attendance at Universal Studios Japan. 
On top of that, we are also investing for long-term growth with 2 amazing brand-new parks. We'll open Beijing in 2021, the largest park we have ever built, and have started construction on Universal's Epic Universe, a new world-class park in Orlando opening in 2023. The parks business is set up for growth for years to come.
The scale, capabilities and talent across our company enable us to successfully execute our long-term growth strategy, while also strengthening our balance sheet and returning capital to shareholders. Earlier this morning, we announced that we are raising our dividend by $0.08 for 2020, up 10% over the prior year and our 12th consecutive annual increase.
Before I hand the call over to Mike, I want to take a moment to personally recognize Steve Burke, whose contributions have been instrumental in shaping not only my career but the company that we are today. It's impossible for me to overstate what a terrific partner Steve has been. His leadership, first at Comcast Cable and later at NBCUniversal, have been a critical component of our company's growth and success. And maybe even more significantly, his impact on our culture and personal integrity have been truly defining. Steve has built a great team at NBCUniversal, led by Jeff Shell, and I know we are in good hands going forward. Thank you, Steve. 
Mike, over to you.

Well, let me begin. Thank you, Ben. I do think we have consistent growth across all parts of the business. Sky was a unique asset. And I don't want to look backwards more than just for a moment here to your question.
And I think it happened -- I'm really thrilled we bought it. I feel better about that decision today, the nature of our company. We displayed the great technical team at the Peacock Day; the ability for Cable to help with broadband; Jason going over to be CFO; the gentleman running Germany, Devesh, who was our Head of Strategy. There's -- we're a better company. And it's the -- it's a longer conversation. Happy to have it.
But I think the essence of your question, if I might, might be, well, do you feel you have to go to other countries? And what are you thinking about? And one of the points we tried to make throughout this year is that if you take the 4 countries, U.S. plus the 3 principal, U.K., Germany and Italy, where Sky principally operates, that represents 50% of the world's broadband and video revenues, and that's pretty extraordinary.
So our strategy with now 60 million or 55 million-or-so relationships and growing those relationships, and we had a great year in growing customer relationships with a terrific ARPU, north of $100, these are exceptional opportunities. So I don't want to say we won't look at other things and consider other things, but it's -- there was nothing quite like Sky. It was unique. Mike?

Jeremy?

Yes. The only thing I want to add to that is simply that I think we've shown we can get some scale. It's still early days. And that previous question about, it keeps accelerating a bit, I think we're seeing that now throughout the rest of the industry and others coming into wireless. So I think I just want to echo that point, that we have a successful beginning, and hopefully a very long runway that we're just getting started.