Thanks, Marci, and hello, everyone. 
Our financial results were very strong across the board once again this quarter. We grew second quarter consolidated revenue by 5%, adjusted EBITDA by 10% and adjusted EPS by 20%. We accomplished this while continuing to invest in our businesses and return significant capital to shareholders.  
Specifically, we bought back $3 billion worth of our stock in the quarter, bringing our total to $6 billion year-to-date. And we continue to have a healthy dividend and one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry.  
Our prudent financial management and long-term innovation-based strategy are paying off in Cable, which posted 5% growth in EBITDA and 70 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion. In fact, our EBITDA margin reached a record high of nearly 45% this quarter. 
While we've added nearly 800,000 broadband subscribers in the past 12 months, more recently, that pace has slowed. And we posted flat broadband subscriber additions in the second quarter. I'd like to dig into what we are seeing in that area. Broadband additions, of course, are basically a function of churn and connect activity. While churn remains well below 2019, connect activity was also lower than what we generally see in the second quarter.  
We believe this is primarily the result of 3 factors. The first category is move activity. As we've discussed for some time now, there's been a dramatic slowdown in moves across our footprint with the second quarter below 2019 by 12% and the lowest we've experienced since the pandemic began. Our win share of new customer acquisition opportunities remains high, but the slowdown in moves has resulted in fewer of these jump balls. And this has had the largest impact on our gross connects.  
The second category is a reversal of some pandemic trends. During the pandemic, many customers, particularly at lower income levels, sought to optimize home-based solutions by adding broadband. This presented us with significant opportunity to take more share in residential broadband. In fact, in the first year of the pandemic, we added nearly 50% or 600,000 more customers than our prior annual average growth.  
At this stage in the pandemic, those opportunities have waned as consumer behavior has begun to return to pre-pandemic patterns. And we've also seen some give back to a normalization of mobile substitution.  
In addition, during the pandemic, seasonality patterns were very different than what we had seen historically. And this really began to also normalize in this second quarter, causing more seasonal disconnects that did not occur at typical levels in the prior 2 years.  
The last bucket is increased competition. Fixed wireless is a new entrant in the marketplace. And while there are likely to be significant long-term limitations, today's excess capacity in wireless networks is creating what we believe to be a temporary opportunity targeted at value-oriented customers. We are not seeing fixed wireless have any discernible impact on our churn but its early growth appears to be another contributor to our lower connect activity. In addition, we continue to compete against fiber in an increasing percentage of our footprint.  
Notwithstanding these industry and mostly macro-related factors, we remain extremely confident. We have spent decades investing and innovating to build a business that is well positioned to succeed in the environment we're seeing. And we certainly expect a return to residential broadband subscriber additions.  
How do we plan to do that? Well, we're working hard to expand our footprint, taking advantage of growth in housing and businesses in our current markets, accelerating edge outs into new areas. And we are playing offense when it comes to government subsidies.  
Next, we will continue to aggressively compete for market share. We offer a superior product focused on innovation and differentiation. And we continue to increase the value of broadband by bundling it with mobile and Flex. And we are making great progress in our network transition to DOCSIS 4.0, which gives us a clear path to reaching multi-gigabit symmetrical speeds at scale faster and at a lower cost relative to our competitors, all within the CapEx intensity levels we have previously outlined. 
I'm also confident and frankly, more excited in our ability to drive revenue and EBITDA growth even through our existing subscriber base alone. We've had a history of generating strong and steady ARPU growth as we continue to add tremendous value and improvement to the customer experience.  Our margins are some of the highest in the industry, which highlights the stability and operating leverage of our business, the diversification of our revenue streams and the strength of our other important growth drivers at Cable. 
In particular, business services and wireless have been 2 substantial contributors to Cable's financial strength, and each still has lots of runway ahead.  
Business services had another strong quarter of revenue growth. And in just over a decade, we've grown this to nearly $10 billion in high-margin annual revenue, including the addition of almost $1 billion in the last 12 months alone.  
In wireless, we added 317,000 customers this quarter and similarly, have added over $700 million in incremental revenue in the past 12 months. And we barely scratched the surface of the opportunity here at only 8% penetration of our residential broadband customers.  
Wrapping up on Cable, we are in a unique environment with some headwinds, but move activity should return to some level of normalcy, mobile substitution will eventually stabilize. And we believe fixed wireless has inherent performance and capacity limitations that sharply limit the number of people on a network using a given amount of spectrum, which should provide a natural cap on their overall industry penetration.  
Moreover, we believe that our path to deliver multi-gigabit speeds together with the other features and functionality we offer will make our broadband experience superior to any of our competitors over the long term. In the meantime, we will maintain the discipline we've always had. And I am confident that we will strike the right balance between subscriber acquisition and long-term profitability. And we all believe we have a very bright future in this business.  
Moving to NBCUniversal. We had a very strong quarter with EBITDA growth of 20% year-over-year. Our park segment continued its momentum, generating record EBITDA for a second quarter. And this is without much contribution from Beijing, which was closed for nearly 2 months. Domestic park attendance and per caps continue to be above pre-pandemic levels. And we are moving full steam ahead in building Epic Universe. I cannot be more excited for how this park will bring new experiences to our visitors and additional runway for growth.  
NBCU Media remains a very healthy business. We just completed the highest grossing upfront in our history, a testament to our content and a superb team and the unique data and technology innovation we deliver through one platform. This year, we secured more than $7 billion in commitments, including $1 billion at Peacock, double what we did in the 2021, 2022 season, along with strong pricing.  
In Studios, our success with Jurassic World, Minions and Black Phone demonstrates that great content attracts massive audiences. In addition, we are very pleased with our new film windowing, including PVOD and an accelerated Pay-One availability on Peacock, which have expanded the audience for our films and made our studio business even more valuable.  
For Peacock, early access to premium Universal films is a proven driver of subscriber acquisition and engagement. As we discussed during our last call, Peacock had a very strong first quarter driven by a variety of extraordinary programming, including the Super Bowl and Olympics. Given the normal ebbs and flows of our content slate, we were pleased to have stayed relatively flat for the second quarter at 27 million MAAs and 13 million paid subscribers in the U.S., in line with our expectations. And we look forward to a very strong fall when next-day broadcast becomes exclusively ours from Hulu, and we'll be able to take full advantage of our Pay-One window with a number of big movies like Jurassic and Minions. We'll also have Sunday Night Football, Premier League, the World Cup and more originals.  
At Sky, we are operating well in an increasingly difficult macro environment, reporting our highest ever second quarter EBITDA. We grew revenue and EBITDA in the U.K., which is our largest European market and the primary driver of our future growth.  
Calling out a couple of highlights, we are particularly pleased with the consumer response to Glass, which resulted in Sky being the third largest ultra high-definition television selling brand in the second quarter. And we also recorded our highest ever Premier League final day viewership, taking 30% audience share. In addition, we're seeing the benefit of our disciplined approach to sports rights in both Italy and Germany, where EBITDA also improved year-over-year. 
In reflecting on the last 24 months, which has been wrought with uncertainty, we have performed extremely well and continue to make progress against key initiatives. Our Cable business has achieved some of the highest margins in the industry while also delivering healthy top line growth. At NBCUniversal and Sky, they've shown resilience and continue to recover despite unique challenges from the pandemic.  
Together, we've generated nearly $30 billion in free cash flow. We're returning a record amount of capital to shareholders, and our balance sheet is in a great place. We have also continued to invest in strategically important growth opportunities, including enhancing our world-class broadband network, scaling Xfinity Mobile, increasing our capabilities at business services, launching Peacock, completing Universal Beijing and starting construction at Epic, just to name a few.  
With substantial cash flow generation and a strong foundation for innovation, Comcast is in a wonderful position. Mike, over to you.

Thanks, Ben. I think what I was trying to say at the end of my remarks was cutting right at your point. I think we are in a fabulous place. We have kind of unprecedented cash flow and scale by our -- what we've got as one company. We're working really well together. 
We always think about whether this is the competitive right set for the company, and I feel it is. If you look at all the broad diversified growth drivers that came out here again in the second quarter, whether it's wireless net adds at a record -- near record levels or the business service growth back to high single digits, the new attendance records to your question about Theme Parks domestically. 
The last couple of years in broadband, obviously, we'll talk, I'm sure, some more here about that, but adding almost 3 million customers, going from 0 to 13 million paid subs in a couple of years at Peacock is a great achievement and the highest rated broadcast network. I think all parts of the company are really doing a great job in some interesting times. 
By the way, our treasury department went out while interest rates were low, and we've basically repriced the whole balance sheet for something on the order of 18 years average maturity at record low rates. So I feel we are able to return capital to shareholders. I think that's been the real focus, and I think we did it again this quarter. 
Our bar is, therefore, very high to -- as we look at things from that -- through that strategic lens of our cash flow and scale. So I think we feel really strong. I think we have so many diversified businesses that are each has its own game plan. And we'll talk, I'm sure, a little bit about some of them today. But the biggest ones are really well run. We've got some new leadership in a number of cases, and I'm really pleased with the company that could post 10% EBITDA growth.

Yes. Mike, you may want to jump in on this or Dave. This is Brian. The -- absolutely like the communications business that we're in, that's certainly my roots in life. And the most recent acquisition we made, we call these kind of tuck-in acquisitions, would be Masergy. And that's in the business services group, and it's off to a really good start and allows us, just like you said, more capabilities. 
I think that's probably more what our focus is, how do we look for new revenue sources and new growth avenues and through people who've either started a company or built a company have something that we can then scale faster. And that's been a good pattern. So Dave's team looks at that all the time, Mike and the business development team. So you guys want to add to that? I think it's pretty...

Thanks, everybody.