Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everyone. I'm really pleased with our strong second quarter results and the continued successful execution of our strategy. All of our businesses demonstrated significant growth, contributing to adjusted EBITDA of $8.7 billion in the quarter, an increase of 7.6%. We also delivered $0.78 of adjusted EPS in the quarter, an increase of 13% over the prior year. All in all, we generated $4.2 billion of free cash flow in the second quarter, resulting in a year-to-date total of $8.8 billion. 
The key driver of this sustained growth continues to be our market position with 55 million valuable customers in many of the world's most attractive markets, generating $111 in revenue per customer each month with high margin and strong retention. 
Across Sky and Cable, we added 456,000 new relationships this quarter and 868,000 in the first half of the year. In all the geographies in which we compete, we lead with superior products, content and technology. 
In the U.S., connectivity is the focal point of our customer relationships, enabled by our world-class network. Our connectivity businesses, again, generated nearly 10% growth in revenue and, collectively, are on track to deliver the 14th consecutive year of well over 1 million broadband net additions. 
In Europe, Sky's premium brand and exclusive content is the principal differentiation in our relationship with customers, driving net additions of 304,000 in the quarter. 
Importantly, across the company, we also have leading scale and premium content with a vast library of IP and new productions that are extremely popular across generations and geographies. 
At NBC, we're on a path to finish #1 in the U.S. for the sixth straight year in the key demographic of adults 18 to 49. 
And at Telemundo, we're #1 in Spanish language primetime. 
In Film, we are executing our strategic slate approach and look forward to the return of the hugely successful Fast and Furious franchise with the spinoff of Hobbs & Shaw later this August. 
And Sky continues to develop a strong lineup of original content, including their highly acclaimed Chernobyl, which debuted in the second quarter. On the back of this success, we launched Sky Studios to expand our production capabilities and more than double the investment in local original content. 
The popularity and scale of this premium content and advertiser's need for trusted brand safe environments drove NBCUniversal's upfront to record levels this year. Advertising is a core strength. And once again, we led the market on both volume and price. The overall portfolio volume was close to $7 billion, an increase of 10% over last year, and average price was similarly strong. 
We helped shift the marketplace to embrace all video, unifying all screens, platforms and content, breaking down the historic barriers between linear and digital, which is particularly important as we prepare to launch our ad-supported streaming service next year. To that end, we had record digital video sales, an increase of 50% over the prior year. 
So when you add the scale and strength of our customer relationships, premium content and advertising capabilities, we have a uniquely strong position to capture and profit from the growth opportunities in our markets. For example, in the streaming segment, we've already made significant moves to better serve viewers who want to consume content in and out of the home. Sky was ahead of the curve, launching NOW TV almost 7 years ago. That platform has proven to be incredibly durable and popular, evident in Sky's Q2 net additions. 
At Cable, Flex offers a new approach for our broadband customers to enjoy the most popular streaming apps on our X1 platform, including The Voice remote, without requiring a traditional linear content subscription. 
Finally, at NBCUniversal, we're making great progress on the direct-to-consumer streaming service that we announced earlier this year. We believe the strength of our assets and leadership across our businesses, combined with access to tens of millions of customers, will lower both our cost of entry and execution risk as we deliver a truly special offering. 
All in all, our strong operating and financial momentum continues. If you take a step back, there are significant competition and change in the ecosystem right now. But that said, for years, we've felt that video over the Internet is more friend than foe. We believe it plays to our strengths. We've got a great roadmap in each of our businesses and an even better outlook when you add it all together. The fastest broadband married to world-class platforms as well as highly rated, relevant content. And we are the leading company in both of those businesses that scale globally. It's our scale that allows us to evolve and continue to invest, all while maintaining momentum and driving substantial growth, and this has always been our approach. In fact, if you look over the last 10 years, just to pick one stat showing our consistency during significant other transitions in our business, we've grown adjusted EPS by double digits in 9 of those 10 years, and we're pretty close in the 10th year. Our second quarter and first half results continue this trend of robust growth, and our outlook is for more of the same. 
Over to you, Mike.

The only other thing I would add, I think that's a very complete, thorough description of the strategy and great execution by Dave and his team is this latest product that we keep referring to, Flex. Because we want to deepen the relationship with that broadband customer, and we'll have more to show and talk about in the months ahead, but in a nutshell, we see this pivot to consuming video, leads right into your second question, consuming video in other ways. And we want to make sure that, that relationship is made simple and easy and has value-add by subscribing to our broadband. And I think the team is off to a -- got some really great ideas there. But Steve, you want to answer the second questions, then Jeremy can weigh in?

Jeremy, maybe talk about Sky Studios and, a little bit, the strategy there, if you wouldn't mind to the question he made about Chernobyl.

On the other thing, look, we -- this is why we think Comcast/NBCUniversal is such a dynamic company. We -- there will be changes in one segment or another. We've been pretty consistent. Steve's been pretty vocal that cable nets will see some pressure on subscriber losses. We're benefiting from that and then selling a lot of content to streaming services. We're building our own streaming service. Our Broadband business benefits from that tremendously. And -- but that's why we have a Parks business, and we have seen great results at Broadcast division this quarter. And the Cable nets grew. So -- and that's where having more global footprint will allow us to create one production and sell it all over the world, if that's what we choose to do. So I think it's pretty much what we've anticipated. We've positioned the company and shifted our strategies accordingly. And on the margin between one division or another, there may be slightly different emphasis. But part of the uniqueness that Steve was just talking about of some of our ideas, which streaming has to really support the ecosystem as we see it and take advantage of this change that we're all living through and make it a positive on the other side. And that we've seen, as I said in my opening, time and time again. And we've managed with really great leaders to have products that have yielded many years of growth for this company and we see that for the future.

Jeremy?

Thanks. We're pretty focused on what we have right in front of us and very excited by it. What drove our appetite for Sky was -- began with Sky being in play and being put in the market and then forces you to make a decision. So there's not anything at this point that I see that the company doesn't have that we're not pleased with on a big-scale basis. 
And second, what Mike just referred to about our priority to return the balance sheet to its historic levels as quickly as possible is our #1, #2 and #3 focus. And so we're trying to execute well, which, I think, this quarter, the first half year did. 
I think, to your wireless question, we're really pleased with the wireless, Xfinity Mobile, the first several years, we've been in business. Team, around 1.5 million customers, I believe. And really, we're offering a great suite of products with value to our best broadband customers. It's got a strategic focus for how we're operating the company. And now it's beginning to have real volume and scale and getting us closer to that point where, economically, it's not a drag and it's a contributor. So I don't know why we would change direction. And things could always change, but we're pretty satisfied that we have a great product and it fits with the suite of products we offer to customers.

Okay. Well, I just would add that I think it was a good first half of the year. And I think we had a pretty robust discussion this morning, so I don't have anything to add. It was a good answer, David. Thank you.