Thank you, James. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for being with us today. Today actually marks the first for us, since Mark, Tony, James and I are all doing this call from our respective homes, and I expect many of you are listening in from your homes as well. I'm hopeful that technology will work well, but if we lose the line, the others are ready to step up. 
I want to start today by providing some initial comments on the environment in which we are operating and then move to our first quarter results. 
Amidst the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic, the health and safety of our employees and the communities in which we operate is our first priority. Wherever possible, our employees are now working from home. And for those frontline workers, who are keeping our plants in operation to support our customers and critical supply chains, we've introduced many additional safety measures in line with government and health authority guidelines. Across the communities where we operate, we are working through the Cummins Foundation to support families and children impacted by the COVID crisis. There were many challenges in these communities before COVID. There are many more now. 
We've also partnered with DuPont and 3M to address current shortages of personal protective equipment, particularly N95 respirator masks and powered air purifying respirators using our filtration technology. 
We are also deeply committed to meeting our customer needs. Our teams are working hard, leveraging both our internal capabilities and the capabilities of our global network of partners and suppliers to support our customers despite major challenges in the supply chain. 
During our 100-year history, we've encountered many unforeseen crisis. And I'm confident that we will successfully navigate this one and emerge stronger than ever. Cummins enters this period of uncertainty in a position of strength, with a very strong balance sheet, leading products, technology, diversity and strong relationships with the leading customers in our industry. We have also invested in sustained face-to-face leadership development with our top 200 leaders for over 10 years, providing us with a group of capable, collaborative and resilient leaders, who are ready to lead in this crisis. 
We entered this period from a position of financial strength as well, with $2 billion of cash and marketable securities and $1.9 billion of committed credit facilities at the end of March. This strength is due to the successful execution of our strategy over a number of years and more recent steps we took to prepare for a downturn in 2020. 
During the second half of 2019, we initiated a number of actions to reduce costs, addressing underperforming parts of our business and drive performance improvement. These actions included the restructuring actions we announced in November. Taken together, these actions will save between $250 million to $300 million in 2020 and were critical in supporting our strong performance this quarter despite a 17% revenue decline. 
We have continued to prioritize investments in new products and technologies that will help us emerge stronger, as we have in prior global downturns. 
As we entered March and the impact of COVID-19 expanded across the globe, we moved quickly to take additional actions to lower costs. In mid-April, we implemented temporary salary reductions that will save approximately $30 million per month. We have also lowered our projected capital outlays by 25% compared to 2019 and reduced discretionary spending across the company. These actions will help us maintain our strong financial position, while positioning us to deliver strong profitable growth when demand returns. 
While most of our manufacturing sites around the world are currently operating, they are doing so at reduced production levels, both due to changes in facilities, line layouts and work practices to support social distancing and employee safety, and because customer demand is weaker in almost all markets. 
We are unable to project the full impact that the pandemic and the secondary effects will have on our demand for the remainder of the year, but we are planning for weak levels of demand for some time. 
Now I'll move to a summary of our strong first quarter results and a discussion of our major end markets. Mark will then take you through more details of our first quarter financial performance and update you on the balance sheet and liquidity. 
Revenues for the first quarter of 2020 were $5 billion, a decrease of 17% compared to the first quarter of 2019. EBITDA was $846 million or 16.9% compared to $1 billion or 17.2% a year ago. The impact of lower volumes was partially offset by the benefits of restructuring, reduced warranty costs, material cost reductions and higher joint venture income. The increase in joint venture income was primarily due to recently passed tax legislation in India and technology fees associated with the development of new products to meet lower emission standards. 
Engine business revenues declined by 19% in the first quarter compared to a year ago. Lower production in North American truck markets, along with weaker demand from global construction customers, drove most of the revenue decline. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 16.9% compared to 16.5% for the same period in 2019. Cost savings related to restructuring activities and increased joint venture income more than offset the impact of lower volumes. 
Sales for our Distribution segment declined by 9% year-over-year, with lower revenues in domestic and international markets. First quarter EBITDA was $158 million or 8.7% of sales compared to 8.5% in the first quarter of 2019. EBITDA margins increased as we began to realize the benefits of our North American transformation work as well as the impact of lower variable compensation expenses and higher joint venture income. 
First quarter revenues for the Components segment declined 19%. Sales in North America declined 24%, driven by lower truck build rates, while revenues in international markets declined by 12% as a result of lower truck demand in Europe and India. EBITDA for the first quarter was $279 million or 18.6% compared to 17.5% in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA percent increased as lower warranty costs, higher joint venture income and the benefits from restructuring offset the impact of lower volumes. 
Investment in research and development decreased by 9% from elevated levels a year ago, as our Global 6 products are now in full production in India, which transitioned to the new BS VI emissions regulations in April. And Global 6 products are also ramping up in China, where a phased adoption to the new regulation should be complete by next July. 
Power Systems sales in the first quarter declined 18% year-over-year. Industrial sales declined 30% driven by continued weakness in oil and gas and mining markets. Power generation sales decreased by 8%, with lower revenues in both North America and international markets, with particular weakness in India, where the economy has slowed in recent quarters. EBITDA in the first quarter was 8.7% compared to 12.8% a year ago. The impact of lower volumes, combined with lower joint venture income in China, more than offset the impact of cost reduction actions. 
In the New Power business, EBITDA was a loss of $43 million in the first quarter, in line with our expectations. Costs associated with the development of new products and the expected slow ramp of new technology adoption are the 2 primary contributors to the EBITDA losses. 
Now I will comment on some of our key markets, starting with North America, and then I'll cover some of our largest international markets. 
Our first quarter revenues in North America declined 16% to $3.1 billion. This reduction was driven by lower industry build rates of medium- and heavy-duty trucks, continued weakness in engine sales to construction and oil and gas markets and lower demand for power generation equipment. Industry production declined 32% in the first quarter compared to a year ago and 10% sequentially, with OEMs reducing build rates due to continued low order rates and shrinking industry backlog. While OEM production was down 10% sequentially, our shipments of engines were flat. Our new X15 Efficiency Series engine, which meets 2021 greenhouse gas standards and provides improved fuel economy, is being well received by customers. We also look forward to launching the low weight X12 platform on the Freightliner Cascadia day and sleeper cab chassis, which customers can order today for delivery later this year. 
Production of medium-duty trucks decreased by 38% in the first quarter and was impacted by OEM shutdowns at the end of March. We continue to maintain our clear market share leadership in the medium-duty truck market and will start supplying medium-duty truck engines to Mack for the first time later this year. 
Total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers decreased 1% compared to a year ago and were impacted by an unplanned OEM shutdown in the last week of March. 
In domestic off-highway markets, engine sales for construction equipment decreased by 39% from the near record levels experienced a year ago but were consistent with levels of demand in the second half of 2019. Revenues for power generation equipment fell by 9% with lower demand in RV and backup power markets. Demand for engines in oil and gas markets declined by 81% due to a reduction in equipment purchases of new fracking equipment. 
Now I will turn to our major international markets. International revenues decreased by 17% in the first quarter of 2020 compared to a year ago. First quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.1 billion, a decrease of 19% and were significantly impacted by COVID-19-related shutdown. The pandemic started to impact industry production of equipment in early February, and the majority of our facilities experienced shutdowns of 4 to 6 weeks in length. All of our manufacturing facilities in China were fully operational by the end of the first quarter, and we have experienced high levels of demand since reopening as OEMs prepare for a rebound in demand. 
In the first quarter, industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China decreased by 17% compared to a year ago. Our market share was 12.4%, up slightly from the first quarter of 2019. Our share was negatively impacted by lower sales of trucks by our partner Dongfeng, which is headquartered in Hubei province. Industry sales of light-duty trucks declined by 32% in the first quarter and our market share was 8%, flat with last year. 
First quarter demand for excavators in China decreased 8% from a year ago. Our market share was 15% compared to 14% last year, driven by the strong performance of our domestic customers. While demand was lower compared to a year ago, it remains at near-record levels. 
Demand for power generation equipment in China declined by 12% in the first quarter. Sales were negatively impacted by COVID-19-related production and transportation disruptions. Demand from data center customers in China remains robust. 
First quarter revenues in China -- excuse me, in India, first quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $318 million, a reduction of 32% from the first quarter a year ago due to lower industry truck demand and weakness in power generation and construction markets. Industry truck sales in India decreased 57% compared to a very first -- very strong first quarter last year, while construction and power generation sales declined by more than 30%. Demand remains low in most end markets due to continued weak economic conditions and reduced access to credit. In addition, truck production was negatively impacted in the first quarter as a result of OEMs reducing inventory in preparation for a transition to the new BS VI emission standards. The transition to BS VI standards occurred on April 1, as scheduled. But the Indian government is allowing industry participants to sell BS IV trucks that were produced before April 1 for a limited period in recognition of the disruption caused by the national shutdown aimed at containing the coronavirus. 
The Indian government implemented some of the most stringent lockdown procedures in the world in response to COVID-19, which resulted in the closure of all of our manufacturing facilities in late March. Starting last week, a phased approach of reopening our facilities began with strict limitations on the number of employees allowed to return to work. 
Outside of China and India, we saw year-over-year revenue declines of 21% in Europe and 18% in Latin America, primarily due to lower truck production. 
Global sales of mining engines declined 48% compared to a year ago. Estimates for 2020 capital expenditures by miners continue to decline, with weaknesses especially pronounced in coal markets. Coal prices are now 50% below their late 2018 peak and near to drought prices reached in 2016. In China, the government-backed coal transportation and distribution association recently called for domestic coal producers to cut production to support prices. 
As you know, the headlines today are filled with negative reports about economic activity and rising unemployment in many countries. Data, more specific to many of our end markets, is not encouraging, and we are prepared for weak levels of demand until global economies stabilize and start to recover. Our leadership team is spending a lot of time planning ahead, running a number of scenarios and responses, including identifying opportunities to strengthen our competitive position during this time. And of course, we will continue to invest in the new products and technologies that are key to our future success. We are able to plan ahead with confidence because of the strong position we started in. 
Today, we have the highest credit ratings in our industry, fully funded pension plans and robust liquidity. 
Tony, Mark and I and all of our business unit leaders and many other members of my staff have been through several downturns while at Cummins and all were in senior leadership positions during the 2008 financial crisis. While this pandemic is clearly different than 2008, we have all experienced leading through challenging times and understand the importance of paying closer attention to economic conditions, preparing for the worst and taking thoughtful and decisive actions in periods of uncertainty. And to be clear, our actions will be aimed not only at reducing costs, but also continuing investment in our products and capabilities that will advance our competitive advantage. When demand returns, which it will, Cummins will be in a strong position to deliver the products and services that will drive our customer success and deliver even stronger financial performance for shareholders. 
Now let me turn it over to Mark.

Tim, thanks for the question. So of course, we don't know yet. Today, there's -- everybody is just grappling with what they see around them and trying to figure out how they can move from their heels to their toes really, given all the things that have changed and, again, trying to look ahead. But my observation so far is that this crisis has put people's attention even more on what are the critical investments I need to make for the future and which are the ones that I don't need to make anymore. So my suspicion, again, we'll see how it plays out, is that all the decisions about trying to sort out those things that I want to outsource and those things that I want to do myself, get sharper, move faster because -- just because there's not as much money as there was, you just have less resources to spread across more projects and you're trying to figure out what to do. But we'll have to watch it play out and see how it goes. 
From our part, Cummins is still pushing ahead with our strategy to make sure that we have the technologies that will take us into the future, the new power technologies, but also that we lead in the current power technology so that we can be partners to our customers as they decide which projects they want to do and don't want to do. We can be there to support them.

Thanks, Jamie. Appreciate your questions, and thanks for joining us. I would -- let me go first. I'll answer that question, then I can give it to Mark, back to Mark on the JV income. But I would say that -- as you said, it's good that we took action when we did. And it's positioned us well for a downturn, not for one of this severity, for sure. We were positioned for a downturn, but this is obviously broader and deeper than anything we were contemplating when we took those actions. That's why we added the salary reductions that we did and the time off that we did and we took the other actions just recently. We did all that to make sure that we lowered costs further from our restructuring levels while we try to assess how far and how long and how deep this economic impact from the virus is. And right now, as Mark mentioned, we really don't have a clear view. So we put these cost reductions in to say these will be in place while we try to get a better sense of where it's headed. And then based on that, once we get a clearer sense, then we'll take longer-term actions as necessary to respond to those. And as you guess, we're running scenarios. The usual ones, you read about Ws and Vs and Us and Ls and all those other shapes to figure out what we think about what we would do in each case. And of course, what we would do in each case would be different. If we did think we were emerging pretty quickly, we might take relatively modest actions from here and carry on. That doesn't look very likely today, but you don't know until you get closer. And we are prepared with actions that we would take more dramatically if we thought we will be in a lower sales position for an extended period of time. We've done it before, and we would know what to do.
I think also, as I said in my remarks and Mark's, Mark also reinforced that we would continue to prioritize the investments in technology that we think position ourselves for our customers and look for other things to reduce, other businesses that look like in this environment they're just not going to produce the kind of profitability we want, other activities we think we could postpone or delay, we would take actions on those until we reach the cost structure that we thought would support our revenue as we emerge from the downturn. Again, how long it will last, it's just not clear today. But we are prepared for the scenario, the range of scenarios ahead. 
I guess you also probably heard in my remarks a bias towards assuming it's going to be pretty bad, so that we don't get ahead of ourselves and spend in ways that we can't sustain because it's hard to catch up when you're behind. Better to start out ahead and stay ahead than go the other way. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. Mark, let me go to you for JV income.

I can say a few things on China, and Tony may want to jump in as well. First, the way that we're seeing it is there's been a -- the ramp-up has been fast in the sense that we were completely out for 4 to 6 weeks. And then as soon as the economy opened back up again, we saw a very steady ramp-up, and we're now producing at levels in many of our plants that was -- is higher than when -- before the crisis started, which is pretty remarkable to say. 
What we don't understand is whether end-use demand is matching production rates today. And again, there is demand for excavators. There is demand for trucks. Whether it's at levels that they're producing now is just not clear to us. So we are making sure we're monitoring truck lots and things like that to make sure they're sell-through. But I guess what we remain is cautious, David. I just think given the supply chains around the world and the fact that China is, like all the other economies, interlinked with other economies, we're cautious about whether or not this level of production can be supported by end-use demand in China. Part of that will depend on the stimulus that the Chinese government takes. And right now, that's unclear. But the more stimulus they provide, potentially, the longer it could go. The less they provide, the more it seems like it's probably -- can't be sustained for the entire year. So we're just watching, like the other places, to see. But I guess it's safe to say we remain cautious about whether it can be sustained at this level.

Yes -- I think that's -- I think that what you said was exactly where we are. We just don't think it can stay at this level, so we assume it's going to come down. To what level, though, we just don't know. And it's -- again, it's tied up in what's the stimulus that the Chinese government is going to provide in China for -- to drive demand in the country and then what happens with exports and imports and other things that affect the Chinese economy. Those are the 2 things that are still up in the air that will sort of impact the level that it settles out at.

No. They're not.

Yes.

Yes. Thanks, Steve, and thanks for your question today. So a couple of thoughts. First, as you said, we worked very hard over the years to try to rightsize the power generation side, the generator set business, to what has been clearly a changed environment in terms of demand across the world, with the notable exception being data centers, which has been pretty robust and continues to be in lots of parts of the world. The rest of the demand has diminished and competitiveness has increased across the market. So that's just been a reality we've been dealing with for some time. And we feel good about where we are there in terms of restructuring and getting the cost structure right for the business. 
Most of what we saw in terms of margin deterioration here came from the industrial side of the business. It's a terrific business, the mining business and oil and gas and other large engine business, terrific business for Cummins. It's just cyclically going down. And of course, the crisis is going to make it doubly worse. So that was -- we saw that deterioration. It was a big impact. And we are trying to figure out how to get the business rightsized for when we come out of this downturn and make sure that we're positioned from a cost structure point of view right for that. But we do believe that business will return strongly, and we think it will be a good business long run for Cummins. And at this stage, we think the generator set business is also structured right to be able to perform long run for the company. Tony has been working really closely with our -- the leader of that business, Norbert Nusterer, to get that business to where we feel confident in its long-run future and its ability to return for the company. So Tony, I don't know if you want to add any comments there.

Ross, thanks so much for that question, and thanks for joining the call today. It is sort of -- I've been pondering that question pretty much every day now since the crisis started. It does link to Tim's question. How are OEMs thinking about their future and what they want to spend money on? And then what happens with the technology and the environmental thrust when nations and customers are threatened with economic viability? And one obvious point is that it does feel like people are going to be more cautious about making -- taking technology and capital risks associated with adopting new technologies. Just from a consumer point of view, from an OEM point of view, how much do I want to commit to a technology where the price is much higher, the capital risk of resale is much higher. I think that is definitely the case. How long that will last is unclear. 
What doesn't seem to be changing that much though is government's view that over the long run, CO2 and global warming is still a gigantic threat and needs to be addressed. So what I'm hypothesizing today is that the role of regulation will increase versus the role of technology. And what I mean by that is technology still has to be driven to provide customers with good products, but the driver for substituting one technology for the other might switch from the fact that I just prefer it to regulation is driving it. This was likely anyway, but it seems like it's going to grow more likely now given the economic crisis, because the capital just won't be there to take more chances and I do think the economics of the new technologies are just not in place with such cheap oil. So right now, we still think investing in the technologies is critical because we do believe the regulations will be there to drive people to lower CO2 products, and so we need to be ready. But we do think that the regs are going to play a bigger role than maybe even just economic trade-off. 
I was interested to see the announcement in Europe about Daimler and Volvo joining forces on fuel cell because it does reinforce one of the things that we've been seeing in our own technology development. It's that large-scale batteries for EVs and commercial over-the-road trucks, long-range trucks don't look like -- don't look as promising as maybe they once did and fuel cells maybe look more promising. And I think that's evidence that those large truck makers think this could be a more likely winning technology. We've made a significant investment in that technology over the last couple of years through the acquisition of Hydrogenics and are growing more confident with the long run viability of that technology. It's going to take a while, but it does look like a better solution than batteries for at least large energy and large long-range used vehicles.

Tony, do you want to take that one?

Yes. Thank you, Joe, for that question. So not -- probably won't surprise you that it's in line with the strategy that we've been following for several years. We do believe that if we continue to invest in technologies that are critical to outperforming in our core business and in the diesel and natural gas engines and the components that support that, we can offer customers better fuel economy, better cost, et cetera, and we can play an increasing role in that industry as some customers decide that's not where they want to put their scarce investment dollars. So that will continue to be a focus for us, both the investment and the opportunities associated with helping partner with customer [indiscernible] those products for them. And then the few -- an area that we're looking at is how do we expand our footprint in and around the engine. You've seen us do our transmission joint venture with Eaton. We'll continue to look in those areas and up and down the engine range to say are there areas where the businesses that are -- where those businesses are not successful and they'll be better, or even better if we own them. So we will continue to look for acquisitions and partnerships as we have before. I think today is not the day for an acquisition or partnership, but just recognizing that when disruptions like this happen, new opportunities get created that weren't true before the disruption. And so we'll just be having our eyes open. We know where we want to be and if we can get the right investment, we would. 
And then I guess, lastly, just making sure that we have our new product portfolio tuned into where the opportunities are. What I mean by that is a little bit back to the conversation we had earlier. We have batteries, fuel cells, electrified powertrains, hybrids and making sure that we don't just launch and go, but think through where are the opportunities biggest first. So we launched our electrification businesses in buses, city buses, school buses. We've now moved over to terminal tractors and things that work at the port because there's a lot more activity there. Making sure that we continue to examine that portfolio, spend our money where the opportunities are going to happen first, so that we can position ourselves in a lead, that's both in terms of application but also in terms of region of the world. So we're just continuing to scan those strategic opportunities and make investments on purpose in the places where we think we can gain advantage. Again, our perspective is that some of the things that we wanted to do were not affordable or not right for shareholders back during the last 3 or 4 years may become so as a result of this disruption.

Thank you.