Thank you, Tom. Good morning. I'm excited to join you this morning in this new capacity as President and CEO for Cummins.
In July, we announced that Tom would end his term as CEO effective August 1. It is a bittersweet moment for me as he's been one of the most significant influences in my career and leadership. Tom has been an incredible leader for this company and a true partner and coach to me. Because of his leadership, we are in a strong position to navigate what comes next and execute our Destination Zero strategy. Tom and I share a common vision for Cummins and the role that our company plays empowering a more prosperous world. I feel deeply honored and proud to serve as the new CEO of Cummins, the first woman and just the seventh CEO of this great company. My life and leadership have prepared me for this role at this moment during the critical period for Cummins and our planet. A focus on purpose, people and impact has shaped my career and will influence how I lead. I look forward to working with all of you as we move forward. 
I'll start with a summary of our second quarter financial results. Then I will discuss our sales and end market trends by region. And I will finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2022. Mark will then take you through more details of both our second quarter financial performance and our forecast for the year.
Before getting into the detail on our performance, I wanted to take a moment to highlight a few major events from the second quarter. The company achieved significant milestones related to 2 previously announced acquisitions: Jacobs Vehicle Systems, or JVS, and Meritor. In April, Cummins completed the acquisition of JVS, adding engine braking, cylinder deactivation, start-stop control and thermal management technologies, which are key components to meeting current and future emissions regulations. On May 26, Meritor's shareholders voted in favor of the Cummins acquisition bid, further validating the potential of what Cummins and Meritor can achieve together. The companies are working together to complete the acquisition this week as we have received all regulatory approvals to close the transaction. 
During the second quarter, Cummins announced collaborations with Daimler Truck, North America and Scania to deliver fuel cell electric powertrains for heavy-duty truck applications and with Komatsu on development of zero-emission haulage equipment, including hydrogen fuel cell solutions for large mining haul truck applications. Cummins, Chevron and Walmart also share plans to integrate Cummins X15N natural gas engines, powered by renewable natural gas into Walmart's heavy-duty truck fleet. 
These customer collaborations are significant steps in alignment with our Destination Zero strategy to evolve our company, our products and our customers' products to the technologies needed for a decarbonized world. This strategy, which represents a significant growth opportunity for Cummins, includes reducing carbon emissions now by making improvements in engine-based solutions that are broadly available today while rapidly advancing the 0 emissions technologies of the future. 
We continue to focus on our people and their development as a strategic advantage for the company. In the second quarter, the company posted its first human capital management report, detailing our commitment to creating and maintaining a dynamic and exciting work environment for our employees. 
Now I will comment on the overall company performance for the second quarter of 2022 and cover some of our key markets, starting with North America before moving on to our largest international markets. Demand for our products remained strong across all of our key markets and regions, with the notable exception of China, resulting in record revenues in the second quarter. Revenues for the second quarter of 2022 were $6.6 billion, an increase of 8% compared to the second quarter of 2021. EBITDA was $1.1 billion or 16% compared to $974 million or 15.9% a year ago. Second quarter results included costs of $29 million related to the preparations for the separation of the Filtration business. 
As discussed previously, we recorded a charge of $158 million in the first quarter related to the indefinite suspension of our operations in Russia. In the second quarter, received certain inventory and other expense amounts reserved previously and incurred some small additional charges, resulting in a net recovery of $47 million. Adjusting for these items, EBITDA was $1 billion or 15.7% of sales. My comments moving forward will exclude the financial impact of the suspension of our Russia operations and the costs associated with the separation of our Filtration business. 
EBITDA percentage declined in the second quarter as strength in sales and increased gross margin were offset by a 31% drop in joint venture income from the second quarter of 2021, driven primarily by the slowdown in China markets. Research and development expenses also increased slightly in the second quarter of 2022 as we continued to invest in products and technologies that will create advantage in the future, particularly in the engine and new power segment. Gross margin percentage improved compared to second quarter of 2021 as the benefit of pricing and higher volumes exceeded the manufacturing, logistics and materials cost increases during the quarter. This pricing only partially offset the impact of elevated supply chain and other inflationary costs that we carried through from 2021 and experienced in the first half of 2022.
Our second quarter revenues in North America grew 15% to $4 billion, driven by improved pricing, higher volumes and higher aftermarket demand. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks in the second quarter was 62,000 units, up 9% from 2021 levels, while our heavy-duty unit sales were 26,000, up 12% from 2021. Industry production of medium-duty trucks was 30,000 units in the second quarter of 2022, an increase of 5% from the 2021 levels, while our unit sales were 27,000, up 21% from 2021. We shipped 38,000 engines to [indiscernible] for the use on the Ram pickups in the second quarter of 2022, down 9% from 2021 levels due to supply chain issues, which temporarily limited truck production. Engine sales to construction customers in North America increased by 9% as other companies maintained strong capital spending. 
Power Systems North America sales were flat compared to 2021 as strength in aftermarket offset lower volumes. Demand remains high in North America markets for Power Systems, but revenues for North America power generation declined by 3% as supply chain constraints limited our production for both U.S. military and mobile power applications. Our international revenues decreased by 2% in the second quarter of 2022 compared to a year ago. Second quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.2 billion, a decrease of 43% due to lower sales in the on-highway and construction markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China was 173,000 units, a decrease of 70% from 2021. Last year's numbers were strong, supported by a prebuy ahead of NS VI. But weaker new vehicle demand and economic impacts from shutdowns as the country is responding to a COVID-19 resurgence have pushed the market to the lowest level since 2007. 
Our sales and units, including joint ventures, were 25,000, a decrease of 70% despite the very difficult environment in China. We did see growth in some of our power systems markets, particularly mining and oil and gas. The light-duty market in China decreased 38% from 2021 levels to 380,000 units. While our units sold, including joint ventures, were 23,000, a decrease of 40%. Industry demand for excavators in the second quarter was 66,000 units, a decrease of 32% from 2021 levels. The decrease was driven by declining demand within the property market and the COVID-19 impact on infrastructure demand. Our units sold were 9,900 units, a decrease of 41%. Sales of power generation equipment in China decreased 5% in the second quarter due to the economic impacts of the COVID-19 resurgence. 
Second quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were a record $594 million, an increase of 51% from the second quarter a year ago. Industry truck production increased by 131%, while our shipments increased 78%, lagging the industry production due to lower growth in the heavy commercial vehicle segment. The high level of growth in the second quarter is coming off a very low base when India was experiencing a COVID-19 peak in 2021. Demand for power generation and construction equipment increased in the second quarter as economic activity continued to improve. In Brazil, our revenue increased 7%, driven by improved demand in most end markets. 
Now let me provide our outlook for 2022, including some comments on individual regions and end markets. Based on our current forecast, we are maintaining full year 2022 revenue guidance of up 8% versus last year. This guidance reflects stronger performance in North America and a weaker market outlook in China as well as the indefinite suspension of our operations in Russia. We are forecasting higher demand in global oil and gas and power generation markets and expect aftermarket revenues to increase compared with 2021.
We are maintaining our forecast for heavy-duty trucks in North America to be 250,000 units to 260,000 units in 2022, a 10% to 15% increase over a year ago. The supply chain constraints our industry is experiencing continue to limit our collective ability to fully meet strong end customer demand. In North America medium-duty truck market, we are continuing to project the market size to be 120,000 to 130,000 units, a 5% to 10% increase from 2021. We are now projecting our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be flat compared to 2021, an update to our previous guidance down 5%.
In China, we are now projecting total revenue, including joint ventures, to decrease 20% to 25% in 2022, an update to our previous guidance of down 10%. We now project a 50% reduction in the heavy and medium-duty truck demand and a 15% reduction in demand for the light-duty truck market compared to a 40% decline and a 12% reduction, respectively, in our previous guidance. Industry sales of excavators in China are expected to decline 30% from record levels in 2021, consistent with our prior guidance. 
Despite the difficult economic and market environment in China, we have significantly improved our presence and profitability in the region compared to private -- prior cycles and are well positioned for continued outgrowth across our end markets in the region. As an illustration from 2019 to 2022, the demand for heavy and medium-duty trucks is projected to be down 40%, while across the same period, we are forecasting an increase in earnings from joint ventures in China. 
As we look ahead, industry volume of NF VI product will increase through 2022 as the new regulations are implemented more broadly. Our technological expertise and emissions experience positions us well to continue to outgrow the market and support our partners through this transition. We also continue to ramp production and expand our presence in automated manual transmissions as our market share increases and the heavy-duty market is increasingly adopting this technology. In India, we project total revenue, including joint ventures to increase 15% in 2022, an improvement from our previous guidance of up 10%. We expect industry demand for trucks to increase approximately 30% in 2022. 
We continue to project most major global high horsepower markets will improve in 2022. Sales of mining engines are expected to be flat in 2022 compared to the prior year, consistent with previous guidance. Demand for new oil and gas engines is expected to increase by 120%, an update from our previous guidance of up 95%. Strong demand in the U.S. and other oil and gas markets have fueled this improved outlook. 
Revenue in global power generation markets are expected to increase 5%, driven by increases in nonresidential construction, consistent with our prior guidance. We are now projecting aftermarket sales to increase 15% to 20% from 2021, an improvement from our previous estimate of up 15%. This is driven by parts demand within our North America On-Highway business as well as global Power Systems markets. 
In New Power, we continue to expect full year sales to be approximately $200 million. We have a growing pipeline of electrolyzers, which we expect to convert to backlog and be delivered over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. Additionally, we will continue to accelerate our collaboration with OEMs on both electrified power and fuel cells for applications in 2022 as highlighted by the announcements I noted previously. 
We are maintaining our full year 2022 EBITDA guidance of approximately 15.5%, excluding the impacts of the indefinite suspension of our operations in Russia, the costs associated with preparing for the expected separation of our filtration business and the expected costs associated with the pending acquisition of Meritor. We expect to deliver the strong profitability despite the supply chain constraints and rising inflationary costs that we are experiencing.
During the quarter, we returned $240 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, consistent with our plan to return approximately 50% of operating cash flow to shareholders for the year. Strong execution resulted in record sales in the quarter despite very difficult operating environment. The ongoing supply chain constraints and rising costs throughout the industry, continued COVID-19-related impacts and the effect of the conflict in Ukraine all present challenges to operating our business. 
I am grateful for the commitment of our employees across the organization who have worked tirelessly to overcome these challenges. Their efforts resulted in a strong quarter, enabling us to support our customers while generating solid returns. 
Cummins is in an excellent position to continue to execute our Destination Zero strategy, invest in the products and technologies that will fund future growth and drive advantage for our customers. We will accomplish this while generating strong financial results and meeting our commitment to return cash to shareholders. It's an exciting time to become CEO. 
Thank you for joining us today. Now let me turn it over to Mark.

Thanks, Jerry.

Great. Thanks, Jerry. Yes, we continue to experience an environment where supply chain is limiting our production in most of our markets. And as you've seen, the team here has worked really hard to navigate that and continue to deliver as much product as we can to our customers who are also experiencing issues. 
Some of those issues have lessened. We continue however to experience constraints, in particular, in the electronics space, microprocessors and other electronic components. We've seen improvement in our premium freight and also are closely monitoring what's going on with the standard freight rates. So while we have some improvement off the peak, we're still running at high levels as we continue to navigate disruptions caused by a combination of supply constraints and COVID-related disruptions.

Yes. Great, great. Thanks, Tom. As Mark and Tom have said, we're in a cyclical business. We have a strong team that understands how to navigate and manage over the cycles and use the cycles to strengthen the business and emerge stronger. And this is not a typical cycle because, coming out of the COVID-19 -- early part of COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen really strong demand that has been constrained by supply chain constraints across the industry. And we have been unable to meet our collective customer demand in these markets outside of China. That have been strong now for 18 months. You see that showing up in very high aftermarket demand as well as customers have been using these products heavily and had higher parts demand as they worked to keep them running. 
So despite the fact that we do see some decrease in spot rates, some reduction off of really high indicators, when I talk to customers and look at some of these backlogs and freight activity, it's still very strong. And they still would like us to supply more than we're able to. So the conversations are all focused on where are we at with supply constraints and can we ship more to them. We continue to monitor those overall indicators. At this point, end customer demand is strong. Aftermarket demand is strong. Used truck prices continue to be elevated. And also recall, with higher fuel prices, these more fuel-efficient, next-generation products are attractive to customers. And so we'll continue to stay close to it and monitor what happens. But right now, we see supply being the constraint through this year outside of China.

Thank you, Jamie. Appreciate the question. And as you noted, Tom and I have developed the Destination Zero strategy together. I've been a member of the Cummins leadership team now for more than 7 years as Chief Technical Officer, leading the Components business, Chief Operating Officer, and now CEO. So the strategy, the focus of the company going forward remains the same. The commitment to all of our stakeholders to deliver strong results, to really create strategic advantage to our people will continue. 
I think the big difference is just that, as we continue to operate in this evolving environment, paying attention to how markets are evolving, technologies are evolving, integration of Meritor, major new company, I'm going to be thinking a lot about strategic execution, and what does that mean for different parts of our business as our strategy evolves and paying attention to a more dynamic environment. And that's one of the reasons why I've kept the President role in addition to CEO is to stay close to the businesses as we focus not only on continuing to refine that strategy, but really driving strategic execution and delivering results. 
As it relates to next year, we'll, of course, talk later more about next year. You've heard us say we see supply being the limiting factor through this year. Backlog is strong. China is down, and will improve, right? There's a lot of opportunity to improve. And Cummins is very well positioned. Our products are performing very well. The customer demand for that product is strong. We have new partnership opportunities in the core business and in New Power. And we'll continue to invest in products that will position the company for the future and manage through the cycles as they come.

Yes. Good question. So obviously, we've moved forward with our JBS acquisition and Meritor will complete this week. We're continuing to make these key investments in the future. And we are still in the process on the separation of our Filtration business as we've disclosed previously and monitoring the environment as that continues.

Yes, yes. Great question. So we did -- we delivered the highest revenue in the second quarter to date from our New Power business at $42 million and made a lot of progress across all parts of the business. So you saw announcements of new partnerships on fuel cells, both on and off-highway, where we think long term the market will move. Continuing to make progress and having lots of conversations on the electrolyzers and demonstrating the capability of our PEM electrolyzer solutions there. And we believe, as we demonstrate some of those larger installations of PEM electrolyzer, that the market's going to increasingly move towards that solution and that we're well positioned competitively. 
The market is lumpy at this point. And a lot of our focus is on building up capacity and scale to meet the demand. And so we will -- Amy and I will continue to be talking about what are those key milestones that we see in the market and in our scale-up activity and how that's evolving. We still feel very optimistic. And with this energy challenge that we see in the global world, expect that the focus and interest in green hydrogen will continue to grow. 
And lastly, with the Meritor acquisition, that's another key component that we think positions us well in the electric powertrain. And we'll be building on the business that we have and very complementary to our existing New Power business and electrified powertrain. So overall, well positioned for the future with New Power.

Yes. Great. So we're hopeful that the Inflation Reduction Act will get passed. It has many key provisions that we think are important for advancing lower carbon solutions, and it fits well with our Destination Zero strategy. It's really critical that there's investment to build out infrastructure and to make these technologies more affordable as they scale in advance. So we are -- have been active and advocating for some of the key energy provisions in that act, and we'll continue to do that as our Congress considers it.

Yes. What happens with China COVID lockdowns is one of the big questions that we debate a lot. At this point, they continue to have this dynamic lockdown strategy. And we've continued to see some smaller scale lockdowns that have been happening and operating and kind of closed loop, closed circle environments within that from a business perspective. So I don't see when and how they completely evolve out of that. We're prepared to continue to operate in that type of environment. However, we do think that, that market is going to come back. It's a large market. It's an important market for us to be a part of because of its size. And we are committed to continuing to invest in the products and joint ventures that we have there, while also ensuring from a global supply chain perspective that we have resiliency in our supply chain so that we can navigate through COVID, weather disruptions and other constraints.

Yes. No. It's a great question. And within that, Inflation Reduction Act, as you noted, there is incentive for hydrogen production, which is significant, as well as incentives for other clean vehicles and clean fuels. It's important to note that there's also incentive for things like biodiesel and renewable natural gas within that. So a lot of things that will help drive advantage. 
We have had active conversations in recent years in Europe and growing conversations in the U.S. The Bipartisan Infrastructure bill also put some significant investment in hydrogen infrastructure. And so we believe that this will continue to add to that and are really focused on scaling up our product and production to meet the demand that we think will be there. So it's hard for me to mention specifically to you right now. As I said, we'll continue to talk about what we see as the key milestones in that business, growing revenue and growing our return from the electrolyzer business over time.

Yes. So you've seen us increasing our investments, in particular in both New Power and Engine business, as we invest in the technologies and electrolyzers in New Power and also these next-generation fuel-agnostic platforms and engine business. We have the scale advantage globally to do that. Those are investments that we will continue to make. And we're also looking at driving efficiency and improvement in parts of our business that can adjust with the cycle. And so we'll continue to deliver on our financial commitments and strong returns through the ups and downs as we invest in those key areas for our future.