Thank you, James. Good morning. I'll start with a summary of our second quarter results and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2019. Mark will then take you through more details of our second quarter financial performance and our forecast for the full year.
Revenues for the second quarter of 2019 were a record $6.2 billion, an increase of 1% compared to the second quarter of 2018. EBITDA was a record $1.1 billion or 17% compared to $897 million or 14.6% a year ago. Lower campaign costs, positive pricing and lower material costs more than offset our increased investments in research and engineering, the impact of tariffs and lower joint venture income in China. 
Engine business revenues were flat in the second quarter compared to a year ago. Revenues in North America increased by 7%, driven by higher industry production of heavy- and medium-duty trucks as well as continued strong demand in construction markets.  International revenues declined by 15%, primarily as a result of lower demand in Chinese light-duty truck and construction markets. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 15.4% compared to 13.4% for the same period in 2018. Lower campaign costs, improved pricing and lower material costs more than offset lower joint venture income, increased investment in research and engineering and the negative impact of tariffs.
Sales for our Distribution segment grew by 2% year-over-year, driven by higher demand for power generation equipment in North America. Second quarter EBITDA was a record $172 million or 8.5% of sales compared to 7.3% in the second quarter of 2018. EBITDA margins benefited from higher volumes and positive pricing.
Second quarter revenues for the Components segment declined by 2%. Sales in North America increased 5%, driven by higher truck build rates, while revenues in international markets declined by 12% as a result of lower truck demand in Europe, China and India. EBITDA for the second quarter was $297 million or 16.1% compared to 12.6% in the same quarter a year ago. The increase in EBITDA margins was primarily due to lower campaign costs and the benefit of material cost reduction programs, which more than offset increased development -- increased investment in the development of new products aimed at emission standards in China and India. 
We are currently selling a limited number of National Standard VI products for specific urban applications in China such as sanitation vehicles, and we'll ramp up production in 2020 and again in 2021 when all medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles are scheduled to comply with NS VI standards. In India, we'll begin producing new products later this year as we prepare for a transition to the Bharat Stage VI standard in April 2020.
Power Systems sales in the second quarter declined by 3%. Demand in industrial markets declined 11% due to lower sales of oil and gas and mining engines, while sales of power generation products were flat. Power generation sales increased 12% in North America, driven by continued strength in the data center markets, offset by 11% decline in international markets, mainly in Europe and the Middle East. Foreign currency movements negatively impacted sales by 2%. EBITDA in the second quarter was 14.4% compared to 14.9% a year ago. The decrease in EBITDA was due largely to lower joint venture income in China, where we experienced a decline in demand for standby generator sets.
In the Electrified Power business, EBITDA was a loss of $33 million in the second quarter, in line with our expectations as we invest in the development of new products for commercial launch beginning in the fourth quarter of this year. 
Now I will comment on the performance in some of our key markets for the second quarter of 2019, starting with North America, and then I'll cover some of our largest international markets.
Our second quarter revenues in North America grew 7% to a record $3.9 billion, driven by higher industry build rates of medium- and heavy-duty trucks, continued growth in the sales of construction equipment and increased sales of power generation equipment to data center customers. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks grew 19% in the second quarter of 2019 compared to a year ago, and 4% compared to the first quarter of this year, supported by a strong but declining industry backlog. Our market share through June was 35% compared to 33% a year ago, representing our highest market share in 5 years and reflecting the strong performance of our products in the eyes of our customers. 
Production of medium-duty trucks increased 14% in the second quarter. A growing U.S. economy, coupled with high levels of consumer spending, low unemployment and low interest rates, continues to drive demand for medium-duty trucks. Our market share in the medium-duty truck market was 78% through June compared to 80% a year ago.
Total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers increased 20% compared to a year ago as we increased production of a new engine for Ram 2500 and 3500 pickup trucks. Year-to-date shipments for pickup truck customers have increased 6%. 
Engine demand for construction equipment in North America increased 10% in the second quarter and remains at historically high levels, supported by nonresidential construction and infrastructure spending. 
Revenues for power generation grew by 12% due to higher demand in data center markets, partially offset by lower sales to recreational vehicle OEMs. Demand for engines in oil and gas markets declined by 91% due to a sharp reduction in purchases of new fracking equipment.
Our international revenues grew -- decreased by 6% in the second quarter of 2019 compared to a year ago. Second quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.5 billion, an increase of 3% over the prior year. Higher power generation equipment sales to data center customers and engine sales to oil and gas markets were partially offset by lower demand in on-highway and construction markets. 
Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China decreased by 9% compared to a year ago even though the market was positively impacted by a prebuy of natural gas engines, ahead of the move to NS VI standards in July. We estimate that the impact of this prebuy was approximately 20,000 units, increasing market size by 5% in the quarter. Our market share improved to 12.8% this quarter from 10.9% a year ago as we increased our share at Foton. We expect further improvement in our market share in subsequent quarters due to further share expansion at our OEMs and a shift in the market towards over-the-road trucks versus construction-related dump trucks.
Industry sales of light-duty trucks declined by 9% in the second quarter and our engine market share was 8%, which is 1% higher than a year ago. This increase was driven by our new joint venture with JAC, which launched in late 2018. In the second quarter, the light-duty market was impacted by increased enforcement of loading regulations, significantly reducing both second quarter industry demand and our projections for the remainder of the year. Some truck models that have historically been registered as light-duty trucks are now to be classified as medium-duty trucks, which limits access to urban areas and requires additional licensing for drivers.
Second quarter demand for excavators in China increased 4% from a year ago. Our market share increased from 15.3% to 15.6%, driven by the strong performance of our local partners. Demand for power generation equipment was down 3% in the second quarter, with lower demand for standby power partially offset by growth in data center markets.
Second quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $516 million, a reduction of 1% from the second quarter a year ago, with lower industry truck production and the impact of a weaker rupee, partially offset by increased demand for power generation equipment. Industry truck sales decreased 21% year-over-year, in line with our expectations, with lower demand driven by the timing of elections as well as challenges in the truck financing industry.
Within the truck market, we saw a more severe decline in heavy-duty applications, where we have the highest share. 
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2019 and then comment on individual regions and end markets. We now expect company revenues to be flat for the year, which is at the low end of our prior guidance range. We are maintaining our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North America at 300,000 units, up 5% compared to 2018. The industry backlog declined this quarter to below 200,000 units from its peak of over 300,000 units 8 months ago while inventory is elevated at 80,000 units. Our guidance assumes lower industry production of trucks in the fourth quarter, driven both by fewer workdays as well as reduced build rates. We expect our [ market share ] to be at the high end of our prior forecast of 32% to 34%. 
The combination of the increased capacity of fleets and lower freight demand has resulted in lower utilization of available equipment in the industry. Because of this reduced utilization, we've seen lower demand in our parts and remanufacturing business. We expect parts demand to continue to be relatively weak through the end of the year as dealers begin to reduce parts inventory in anticipation of lower market activity. 
In the medium-duty truck market, we are maintaining our forecast for industry production of 140,000 units, up 6% year-over-year, and we expect our market share to be in the range of 74% to 76%, unchanged from prior guidance. We expect our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be flat for 2019 compared to a very strong 2018 and unchanged from our expectations 3 months ago. 
In China, we now expect domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be down 2% in 2019. We are maintaining our outlook for medium- and heavy-duty truck demand at 1.2 million units, representing a 10% decline from last year.
In the light-duty truck market, we now expect a 12% reduction in demand compared to our prior guidance of 7% down. This decline is driven by the more stringent enforcement of overloading regulations I discussed earlier. We expect our market share in the medium- and heavy-duty market to be in the range of 13% to 14%, and in light-duty, we expect our share to be 8% to 9%, both in line with our prior guidance. 
We now expect industry sales of excavators to be flat with the record levels achieved in 2018. This compares to our prior guidance of down 10% and is driven by increased exports of excavators to developing countries, primarily in Southeast Asia.
In India, we now project revenue, including joint ventures, to be down 5% compared to our prior guidance of flat. We anticipate industry demand for trucks to be 17% lower than the record levels experienced in 2018 and compared to our prior guidance of down 5%. Truck demand is being negatively impacted by the continuing high cost and low availability of credit in India's shadow banking system, which has been under pressure due to defaults by nonbank lenders. We continue to expect power generation and construction to grow 5% to 10% due to continued infrastructure investment.
In Brazil, we are now projecting truck production to increase 2% in 2019, down from 13% 3 months ago. Economic growth has not accelerated in Brazil as much as we had anticipated this year, with GDP growth now projected at 1%. Lower economic growth has resulted in lower demand growth in truck, construction and power generation markets compared to 3 months ago. We now project our revenues in Brazil to be down 10% compared to our prior projection of flat.
We continue to expect our global high-horsepower engine shipments to be down 5% this year. We project demand for oil and gas engines will decline 40%, which is unchanged from our prior guidance. However, we now anticipate sales in North America will decline by 75% compared to our 60% down expectation 3 months ago, with lower demand for new equipment in the Permian Basin as well as reduced demand for engine rebuilds. This deterioration in our outlook for North America is offset by increased sales to China.
The demand for mining engines has moderated over the last 3 months as commodity prices have fallen and capital budgets have been cut. We now expect mining engine sales to be down 5%, lower than our prior guidance of up 5%. 
Demand for power generation equipment was flat in the second quarter, and we expect demand to remain at second quarter levels through the remainder of the year. We expect revenue to be flat for the full year, with growth in data center markets and increased military revenue offset by lower sales of generator sets to the RV market, lower demand in backup power applications in China and a drop in large prime power applications in Europe.
In summary, we are now expecting revenues to be flat for the year, at the low end of our previous guidance, driven by lower demand in international truck markets, moderating aftermarket demand in North America and the negative impact of a stronger U.S. dollar. 
We are maintaining our EBITDA guidance of 16.25% to 16.75% of sales as lower joint venture income and the impact of lower volumes will be offset by lower material and other costs.
During the quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend by 15%, the 10th consecutive year of annual dividend increases. We continue to project returning 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders for the year. 
In June, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the majority of shares of fuel cell systems provider Hydrogenics Corporation, for $290 million. This agreement is still subject to Hydrogenics shareholder approval as well as other customary closing conditions.
Strong execution across all of our businesses resulted in record revenues being translated into record EBITDA and operating cash flow in the first half of the year. As we move into the second half of 2019, our guidance projects that revenues will decline from second quarter levels as several of our end markets experience lower levels of industry production. The company is well positioned as we move through this period to repeat our track record of increasing cycle over cycle earnings and returning significant cash to shareholders. We will continue to invest in technology to ensure the future success of our stakeholders, while reviewing areas for additional cost reduction and efficiency gains, as we have in prior cycles. 
Now let me turn it over to Mark.

Thank you, Mark. As you'll remember, we announced on April 29 and then discussed in our first quarter earnings call that we'd initiated an internal review of our emissions certification and compliance processes for our pickup truck applications as a result of conversations with the EPA and the California Air Resources Board. Our review continues, and we are proactively working closely with the EPA and CARB and other agencies to address their questions.
During conversations with the EPA and CARB about the effectiveness of our 2019 pickup truck applications, the agencies raised concerns that certain aspects of our emission systems may reduce the effectiveness of our emissions control systems and did not fully comply with the requirements for certification. As a result, our internal review has been largely focused on the agencies' concerns. We are working closely with the agencies to enhance our emission systems, to improve the effectiveness of our pickup truck applications and to fully address the agencies' requirements and meet the expectations of our customers. Consistent with the values and the history of the company, which include a strong commitment to compliance, we will work with regulators and other agencies to address the issues identified in our internal review and develop future technologies that will advance our industry.
It's too early to conclude on any changes that we will make to our processes and organization as a result of our internal review. It's also too soon to know what the response of the regulators will be to our review or to determine any potential financial consequences. 
Now let me give it back to James to open for Q&A.

And with regard to next year, I will just make a few general comments, Jamie, and of course, we'll be very detailed when we get to the Analyst Day about what we're seeing. But broadly speaking, as you know, many of our markets are either at or near cyclical peaks in our view, which means that inevitably we will start to see some of these markets decline. We don't know the exact quarter. We've done a fairly detailed projection for the U.S. truck market because there's a lot of data, and it's easier to do. But even that has some variance depending on who in the industry you ask. Most of the other markets have more variance as to when people think they fall, but many of them will inevitably fall, at least to some degree. So we are prepared for 2020, and even into 2021, for markets to be relatively lower cyclically, at least many of our major ones. And we are prepared in the following sense: we are already managing our cost to make sure that our capacity levels and cost levels will be at the right place when it's time and making sure that we're the first to be ready and the first to react. And so a lot of our focus is on ensuring that we are prepared from a cost structure point of view for that cyclical downtrend. That's how we ensure that in the next downturn we have better margins than the prior downturn. 
The second thing is that our products are performing incredibly well. That's why you see many of our market share projections sort of tipping towards the higher end of our estimations for the year, it's because we think our products are performing very well. We think that serves us well in downturns because a few points of market share can make up for some cyclical downturn. So we will continue to emphasize the quality and performance of our products, and we will continue to launch new products. So that when we're in a downturn, our competitors will see us continue to go from strength to strength because in downturns is where we also think we can gain market share and commitment from customers.
Also, we will be seeing some gain, hopefully, from the BS VI and NS VI. We have been investing significantly in engines and components for those launches, and we think we will be ready. We feel ready now, and we think our products will outperform competitors'. And we think that will give us a chance to step up our market positions in both India and China which, we think, will be lasting positions. So those are just some of the puts and takes. Again, not all markets will fall at the same time. We have a very global market, and as you know, not all of the cycles are the same. But we are just prepared for cyclical downturns and are turning into this mode that says, while it's lower we're going to make sure our cost structure is right and we're going to gain share from competitors and continue to launch new products in a way that positions us better for the fall -- the next upturn.

Yes. What Mark is saying is more than half will go through OEM dealer channels versus our own channel. And that's on the truck side. As you said, the adjustments in parts, they're kind of hard to predict this time because they're relatively small adjustments in the grand scheme of parts inventories, but they can have an effect on a quarter. And we see this every downturn. There's some adjustment. And frankly, we're not that good at predicting which quarter it is. So we are now kind of -- we were surprised that it was now, but it was. And I think what Rich is saying is that every time we see this, we see it every downturn, it tends not to be lasting very long. Parts is a very stable business, our services business is -- so we don't expect it to keep going down. We expect it to level off and then we expect to see it continue to increase in future quarters. So we're just trying to be prudent that it seems inevitable in a downturn that dealers will adjust some inventories. And we saw a little bit of that in this second quarter, and we expect to see a little bit more of it as we go in second half of the year. But we'll see what happens. Like you said, everybody is going to have different circumstances depending on where they're holding inventories, how much they're holding and all that kind of thing. I think we should just expect variability. But it's inevitable if you just look over the cycle, that parts inventories drop some in the downturn and then they rise up again as things start to rise.

Well, most of the truck markets are at or near peak. Brazil is a notable exception because it's kind of running along the bottom. But most of the others. So India is already on the way down. China look like it's on the way down. Heavy duty, you talked about. Medium duty is holding strong, but it's been up for a while. So it just -- and Europe is the one we, we're not sure about, but even that showed a little weakness in this last quarter. It's hard to say exactly how much -- what that means. But we've heard some rumblings out of Europe, that some of the truck makers are getting concerned. So it's sort of hard to find a truck market that doesn't feel peak-ish, if not already headed down the other side. 
It looks to us like mining is a little bit of a different story. It doesn't look like it's at peak, but it's definitely leveled off. I mean, there's just nothing else to say about that. Now whether it's going to turn back up again or just sort of steadily grow, we're not sure. Kind of our view is that it's going to have a slow growth from here for a little bit longer, but there's no question that compared to a year ago, it's leveled off. And so that doesn't look like it's got a whole bunch more left in it. 
And then I'd say construction markets, U.S. construction market is still strong, but at some point, after the truck market, it feels like the construction market has to also tail down. And we already think China has got to start tailing done because China has been up for a while, and unless they continue to stimulate the market, it's likely to head down. 
India has got some -- the government has continued to invest and stimulate there, and we think they probably still will. So India might hold up a little longer on the construction side. But again, that's some of them. But you remember that cartoon, Ann, we show where we kind of put all the markets up there, we'll bring that to the Analyst Day, and we'll kind of put all the markets on there. But suffice it to say that, as we look at that, there is more kind of up and around the top of that little hill than there are at the bottom on their way up. So we're just being realistic about what that means for revenues in 2020.

Sure. It's early days in that joint venture, but we're really pleased with our conversations. It's a terrific company. And it's not a company that we had done a lot of business with until we started having conversations with them. Although we've always been impressed with them from afar, we kind of feel like at least in the off-highway market where we see each other, they are the one -- the engine that we think is actually competitive to ours, and we think highly of them. So anyway, we've had terrific conversations, but we are early days as to kind of what the market share opportunity. But here's how we're thinking about it together, is that the 2 companies are both spending a lot of investment -- putting a lot of investment into the various technologies that will occupy the commercial industrial equipment space. So think about not only diesel but natural gas and hybrid and electrification and fuel cells and start to think about what that means. Then they also have a truck business, which also has to do autonomous, safety, other integration of their vehicle. So they are thinking about all the investments they need to make in that, all the investments they need to make in power train, and coming up and thinking that tips us over, a company our size. But they need to be leading. There's no room for laggards. There's not going to be any second place there. I mean they're the strongest truck company in Japan. They have a terrific market share in Southeast Asia. And they're the second largest diesel engine maker with us. So what we're going to try to do is figure out how we can make sense and rationalize these investments in these various technologies. And it's my sense that they would like to figure out a way to do that so that Cummins can do a lot of the investments in the power train, and they can focus more investment on the truck. And if they can do that in a way that allows them to ensure supply, make sure they're leading, utilize the technology and assets they have, I think that's going to be a solution that they like. But there's a lot of conversations got to have about how you do that. And the reason we think this is really a great opportunity for both companies is, if we can figure this out, I think a lot of other OEMs around the world would like to figure out something similar. All of us are stuck with the same problem of a lot of investment in new technology for essentially the same markets at essentially the same size, which looks like an equation that again tips most of us over unless we can figure out some solutions to either add content and/or find new ways to rationalize investment. So I think it's a really important set of work that we're doing that could be indicative of how some of the other industry discussions go.

And the bright spot, Adam, has been this China side. One of the things we've always been worried about is how big is the data center market relative to the total because we've kind of been looking at it as a U.S. and maybe European phenomenon. But now we're starting to see developing countries, especially China, build out data centers. And because of our position in that market, at kind of the premium end of the market, we've been actually been able to develop quite good share. And our team in China has done a terrific job ensuring that as these data center markets start to build out, that Cummins is the player that they look to. So I think again that's  a big reason why you are seeing continued strength in data centers is that although it's just one segment of the market, we're seeing it build globally. So I think that's steadied out the growth and kept it robust for longer.

Thanks, Alex. Just a couple of qualitative points, and I'll let Rich add if he has more. If you're in China, they call this the blue plate issue because you get a blue plate if you're a light-duty. And what this means is you have easier driver licensing requirements. It's closer to a car license. And you can access the very inner parts of the city. You can imagine why that would be: smaller vehicles, lighter vehicles, less congestion, et cetera. And the rules were already in place. It's just that they didn't enforce them quite as tightly in every city. And so now what they've done is they just picked a day, and all of a sudden enforcement started. To say that it had a disruption in the market would be an understatement. When I was in China recently, there wasn't a single OEM that didn't complain about this because it just all of a sudden happened, and it created absolute havoc in the market. 
I'm wondering, in part, if there'll be some sort of compromise proposal to kind of rationalize this a little bit because it really takes a lot of vehicles that were previously being sold and used in cities and bring them outside the city. And again, it's not just the fact that you have to spend more money to get more licenses; it's that you can't actually get into all the spots. So that is a significant change. And the ones that can get in have to be very lightly loaded. And so now your freight moving capacity has just reduced significantly. So anyway, there's a bunch of that going on. To say there's only so much you can figure out about that in China and how fast that's going to move as you know from your experience, but my sense is there's quite a bit of consternation and there are some potential outcome where things get compromised or rationalized. 
Whether or not this demand moves to medium-duty is another question. My feeling is that there's not a lot of movement there because really this is the part that takes the final -- this is the final mile delivery stuff. And most of the larger cities anyway have restrictions on vehicle size doing that final mile delivery. So a medium -- a bigger medium-duty truck is not really going to solve your problem, and they maybe don't need so many more of those. But could be, there could be some substitution. I think the biggest impact for us was we got this new JAC JV. We've got Foton going. And they're both going gangbusters with great products and great trucks. And so it just kind of came to a screeching halt for a second while this thing is getting rationalized. We think we still have a great lineup in either case. It's just that it had a pretty abrupt hit in the second quarter.

Here's the situation. As you know, each of the OEMs has a number of businesses in another number of segments that they're trying to make sure that they're competitive in. They use domestic engines in some of those segments, and they use joint venture engines with us in other segments. And then a fair bit of those for export. They always have to have multiple partnerships to cover themselves, not to mention there are a number of government programs where they need to have domestic engine supply to comply with it. We're now -- after many, many years there, we're now getting more used to this kind of thing, where we think we've got the engine thing good to go and then all of a sudden there's another partner in. But again, all in all, we still feel very good about our partnership with Foton. And Rich, I know, has spent some recent time with them, so I want to let Rich comment, too, on the Foton partnership.

I think -- thanks for that, Noah. I do think those are just -- those regs -- by the way, those are tough and draconian. There isn't a single OEM that is feeling nonplussed about those. But here's what I'd say is that they are just -- they are emblematic of what we're going to see across the world. And especially now that regulators have in their sight some of these new technologies, which look like they have lower -- at least local emissions and the potential to potentially be economically viable, things like of course electrified powertrains or hybrids or fuel cells, et cetera. Once they have those in their sights and they think they can be economically viable, they are going to shove regulations harder for obvious reasons. And Europe is, of course, one of them. But we'll see them inevitably in the U.S. and elsewhere. 
So we think that the -- and that's kind of linked back to my conversation when Jerry asked me about Isuzu. I think all of our customers and Cummins are all seeing significant investments required in powertrains, powertrain components and systems and as well as in vehicles in order to be competitive and at the front end of their markets. Everybody has a good view of what kind those might be, but the amount of investment, the number of models that have to be covered, the different regulations that they're going to have to meet in cities, countries, regions, it looks daunting. So what we think is that, that's the space where Cummins has historically been most successful. When that's the, kind of the technology challenge in front of us, we've made a bunch of investments, as you know, in EV, in hybrid, in diesel, in natural gas, and if we can complete this transaction with Hydrogenics, we'll also have the beginnings of fuel cell offerings. So our intent is to have the powertrain of choice for each of these providers and including providing components in those technologies for them to integrate their own systems. So we think -- again, we will be at the forefront of technology. So we are talking to every European manufacturer about the role they'd like us to play in their system, and everyone has a different view about that. We're clear that they are the system provider, and we are there to support them technically. And we think, as you said, whenever there is technology change, whenever regulations are challenging, that's a tailwind to Cummins because that's essentially where we make -- that's what we differentiate on, that's where our meals are made. So we will invest. We will lead there. We will ensure that we are ready when they are ready to use us. And again, a lot of people are wringing their hands, figuring out how they're going to meet all these requirements, and we are just -- we show up every day and say we're ready to help, let us know where you want us to help.

It seems to me, too, although I'm sure there'll be plenty of others that also see that. So we will show up with others there, too, but I agree with you that it looks like an opportunity to us. We just don't want to get our cart in front of the horse. It's up to our OEMs to announce what they think. But we will be pushing hard to help those OEMs meet that standard with technology and components that we have.