Thank you, Jack, and good morning, everybody. 
Before I jump into our results, though, I do want to welcome Chris Clulow to our Investor Relations function. So yes, he is our Corporate Controller, but he is replacing Jack as the Head of the Investor Relations function soon. 
And so Chris has been with the company for 18 years. He's gained valuable leadership experience and roles across the finance organization. During his career journey, Chris has served as the Controller of the Engine and Components businesses while also playing a key role in development and strategy. 
Chris has served as the Corporate Controller for the last 5 years and has a deep understanding of our business and our financial performance. He'll be a terrific addition to the Investor Relations team and will continue Jack's efforts to improve communications with investors, to make sure that you have the insights and understanding you need of our business and our financial condition and to work with our managers across the company to ensure that they understand what investors expect of us. 
I'm grateful to Jack for his contributions to Investor Relations and excited for him about his new opportunity serving as the finance leader for our Filtration business. Thank you, Jack, and welcome, Chris. 
Now I'll start with a summary of our fourth quarter and full year results and our market trends by region, and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2022. Chris will then take you through more details of our fourth quarter and full year financial performance as well as our forecast for this year. 
Strong economic recovery, combined with high demand for our products, resulted in record full-year revenues in 2021. On the other hand, our industry continues to experience significant supply chain constraints, driving elevated manufacturing, logistics and material costs and resulting in margins below our expectations, particularly in the fourth quarter. We've taken a number of actions to significantly improve our margins in 2022 and expect to generate strong incrementals through increased pricing as well as surcharges, combined with cost reduction initiatives in our supply chain and operations. 
Having effectively managed through a challenging 2021, we expect improved performance in 2022 and are well positioned to invest in future growth while continuing to return cash to shareholders. 
The decarbonization of our economy is critical to our way of life and our industry and -- excuse me, and all of us and it will -- and our industry will play a key role in the effort to decarbonize our economy. 
Fortunately, decarbonization is also a growth opportunity for Cummins. We are confident in our ability to play a leading role in bringing lower carbon technologies to the commercial and industrial markets globally and to generate strong returns due to the unique capabilities that Cummins has built over many years. 
Specifically, we're a leader in key technologies for 0 tail pipe emissions in commercial and industrial applications and are investing further to strengthen our position. We're also a leader in the transition technologies that will be needed in our industry for many, many years. Technologies that lower carbon emissions, while still offering customers economic solutions and hard-to-abate applications. 
We also have existing relationships with leading OEMs and customers around the globe and are continually forming new partnerships with market leaders in a variety of industries. These relationships bring us visibility to opportunities and product plans. They drive economies of scale and production and service, and they provide the trust of those making key purchase decisions. 
We have a deep knowledge of our end markets and applications, each of which has unique technical and performance service -- and service demands. We know how to adapt existing and new technologies into our products -- into products, excuse me, that customers can actually use and operate economically. 
We are building a combination of businesses that have both the capability to serve the industry and the agility necessary to quickly pivot our product offerings depending on changes in regulations or infrastructure, advancements in technology and end-user preference. 
We have invested significantly to attract and build the best talent and to create an environment for innovation and long-term success that will increase shareholder value. 
As a result of the successful execution of our strategy over many years, we are also in a very strong financial position, which allows us to make the sustained investments required to transition our industry to a 0 carbon future, while navigating economic cycles and returning excess cash to shareholders. We're excited to tell you more about our long-term strategy during our Analyst Day later this month. 
Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2021 were $5.9 billion, which is flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 as increased demand in many of our international markets was offset by a decline in North American sales as our customers work to clear their production backlog. EBITDA was $705 million or 12.1% compared to $837 million or 14.4% a year ago. EBITDA decreased as a percentage of sales due to the elevated material and supply chain costs we continue to experience. These impacts were partially offset by lower product coverage costs. 
For the full year, Cummins sales were $24 billion, up 21% year-over-year and a record for our company. Our EBITDA margins were $3.5 billion or 14.7% of sales compared to $3.1 billion or 15.7% of sales in 2020. Higher supply chain and material expenses, as well as higher compensation expenses, more than offset the benefits of higher volume, higher joint venture income and lower product coverage expense compared to 2020.  
Now I'll cover the full year trends across our key markets, beginning with North America before moving to our international regions. Our revenues in North America increased 17% in 2021, primarily due to higher demand across on-highway markets. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks increased 228,000 units, up 26% from 2020 levels, while our heavy-duty unit sales were 85,000, an increase of 37% from 2020. 
The market size for medium-duty trucks was 115,000 units in 2021, an increase of 12% from 2020 levels, while our unit sales were 94,000, an increase of 21% from 2020. We shipped 159,000 engines to Chrysler for use in their Ram pickups in 2021, an increase of 27% from the previous year. 
Engine sales to construction customers in North America increased by 50% as nonresidential construction spending increased and rental companies increased capital spending. 
Engine shipments to high-horsepower markets in North America increased by 13% from last year, with higher demand from agriculture, rail and mining segments, partially offset by decreased shipments to defense and marine customers. Power generation revenues increased 6% year-over-year, driven by higher demand for standby applications, again resulting from higher nonresidential construction spending. 
Our international revenues increased 27% in 2021 with higher demand in all markets. Full year revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $7.5 billion, up 8% compared to 2020. The increased revenue was driven by record demand in the truck, construction and data center markets, particularly in the first half of the year. 
Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China was 1.6 million units, a decrease of 11%, driven by a decline in production in the second half of the year following a significant prebuy period, ahead of broad NS VI implementation in July. Our units sold, including joint ventures, were 249,000 units, a decline of 13%. 
The light-duty market in China decreased 4% from 2020 levels to 2.1 million units. While our units sold, including joint ventures, were 150,000 units, a decrease of 21% as new regulations drove demand for smaller displacement engines. 
Industry demand for excavators set another record of 342,000 units in 2021, an increase of 4% from 2020 levels. Our units sold were 56,000 units, an increase of 5%. 
In our Power Systems markets, power generation sales in China increased 48% compared to 2020, driven by growth in key markets such as infrastructure, health care and mobile power applications, driven by the power shortage in the country. Industrial engine sales increased 18% from 2020, primarily driven by strong mining demand. Full year revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $2 billion, up 68%. Industry truck production increased by 76% in 2021. Demand for construction equipment increased by 55%, and power generation revenues increased 38% as the broader economy in India recovered off a very low base in 2020.  In Brazil, our revenues increased 46%, driven by higher demand in most end markets. 
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2022 and then comment on individual regions and end markets. We are forecasting total company revenues for 2022 to increase 6% compared to 2021, driven by an increase in heavy-duty and medium-duty truck production in North America, Europe and India, offset by China, where we expect demand to moderate after a strong year in 2021. 
We expect demand for construction equipment to increase in North America and Europe and decline in China from record levels experienced in 2021. 
We are forecasting higher demand in global mining, oil and gas and power generation markets and expect aftermarket revenues to increase by 10% compared to 2021. 
Industry production for heavy-duty trucks in North America is projected to be 250,000 to 260,000 units in 2022, a 10% to 15% increase year-over-year. In the medium-duty truck market, we expect the market size to be 120,000 units or between 120,000 and 130,000 units, a 5% to 10% increase from 2021. 
We expect our deliveries in North America to continue to outpace the market as the engine partnerships we announced last year continue to phase in. Our shipments for pickup trucks in North America are expected to be down 5% compared to last year. 
In China, we project total revenue, including joint ventures, to decrease 10% in 2021. We project a 30% reduction in heavy- and medium-duty truck demand and a 5% reduction in demand in the light-duty truck market. Industry sales of excavators in China are expected to decline 30% from last year's record levels. 
Despite the projected decline in China, we remain well positioned for continued outgrowth across our end markets in the region. Industry volumes of NS VI product will increase in 2022 as the new regulations are implemented more broadly. We first launched engines to meet standards similar to NS VI in the United States 10 years ago, and we have leveraged our knowledge in powertrain technologies along with China local customer and market requirements to develop a range of products for the Chinese markets that we expect to be highly competitive and well accepted by end users. 
We continue to ramp production, expand our presence in automated manual transmissions and have launched new natural gas platform, which will play an increasingly important role as the region moves towards a lower emissions future. Finally, we continue to build momentum in the new power space, adding partnerships and in-country capabilities to establish a leadership position as the market develops. 
In India, we project total revenue, including joint ventures, to increase 10% in 2021. We expect industry demand for trucks to increase 20% this year. We project our major global high-horsepower markets will improve in 2022. Sales of mining engines are expected to increase by 10% in 2022 with greater demand following continued strength in commodity prices. Demand for new oil and gas engines is expected to increase by 25% this year, albeit off a very low base, primarily driven by increased demand in North America. Revenues in global power generation markets are expected to increase 5%, driven by increases in nonresidential construction spending. 
In New Power, we expect full year sales to be approximately $200 million. We have a growing pipeline of electrolyzers, which we expect to convert to backlog and be delivered over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. We will continue to deliver fuel cell systems for use in the European rail market and other adjacent markets as adoption gains momentum. We also expect to continue to provide fuel cells for truck applications this year as more end users try out the new technology. 
We are continually innovating across our broad portfolio of power solutions, from diesel and natural gas to hydrogen and other low carbon fuels to fuel cells and battery electric options. We plan to provide our customers with the right technical solution for their application at the right time and to continue to be the leader in power for commercial and industrial equipment. 
We expect supply chain constraints to continue to impact our industry during the first half of 2022, driving inflation and elevated costs. We will continue to place a strong focus on managing costs and cash flow and are well positioned to generate attractive incremental margins as constraints ease across our markets. 
In summary, we expect full year sales growth of 6% and EBITDA to be approximately 15.5% of sales. We are projecting EBITDA as a percent of sales to increase versus 2021, primarily due to strong truck production in North America, increased pricing and surcharges and the easing of supply chain costs. We anticipate profitability will be at the low end of our guidance range in the first half of 2022 as the industry continues to manage through supply constraints that are limiting production and adding incremental costs. We anticipate these costs will ease throughout the year, driving stronger performance in the second half of the year. 
Now let me turn it over to Chris, who will discuss our financial results in more detail.

Yes, I can now, Jerry.

Yes. And Jerry, we will provide updated figures across the globe at the Analyst Day. So let me just make a couple of brief remarks about that and just I'll hold the details for then. 
There is significant pent-up demand in China. Our Sinopec venture is just getting started. We've got a lot of work left to do. We do have a project with them, but there is significant pent-up demand. We do believe as soon as we get the operations rolling, we will be able to significantly increase our backlog in China. We do have a project, as I mentioned, working with them, but I think there's a lot more to come where that started. 
But let me let Amy Davis update you more fully at the Analyst Day. She's got a lot more to say about that.

And there's no question, Jerry, that we think supply chain costs -- or supply chain constraints are still terrible. I mean just to call it like it is. I mean Jen and I have been talking about this, that there's labor shortages. Suppliers are struggling. Freight is struggling. I mean, everything -- it's not better in January than it was in December. It's bad. .
And we are getting -- our plants are getting better at operating in those environments. That doesn't mean it's great, but it's still really terrible. But that -- so that's one thing. 
And also, we do expect things to just ease across the year, not to get overwhelmingly better in the first months or to be fixed. We are taking a pretty conservative view about that, but that they will start to ease. So as Mark said, our Q1 will have a lot of the benefits and then the costs won't ease as quickly. And then our Q4 in 2022, we expect more of those costs to ease and still to have those benefits. So that's just the simple trajectory was built like that.

But Jamie, you know the math. The math is simple. We're taking the market. We expect to be strong or stronger than the market. As you said, we'll have the price in there. And then we just -- so North America truck and Components revenue will follow that exactly. So there's no change in any of that math. So you are right to say that's a strong -- that's the stronger part of the growth guide. And then some of the other markets are less so. .
But again, we can go through those details with you after the call. But the math works, that we aren't expecting any negatives there. As Mark said, our view is we picked a spot in the forecast for North America, where there's no question, the range could be higher if supply constraints weren't there, especially in the first half. But I think it's still a strong market.

Yes. Jamie, I don't know if you were asking if that's continuing into 2022. Most of that is cleared in Q4. I mean, there's still some around, but most is gone in Q4. So that's not impacting our revenue guide for 2022. It did impact our revenue in Q4 though.

And you asked about margin mix. And our view across our engine range is that there's unlikely to be sustained differences in margin mix based on fuel. In the past, margin mix was positive for natural gas but they were relatively low volume and higher priced. As we increase the volume of those and are able to drive down cost, I think we'll be able to drive competitive pricing and drive up market position with them. And my expectation is margins will level out across different fuel types. But in the past, it has been -- the margin of natural gas has been higher than diesel. And I think it's more because of its niche product, if it was a niche product, for a large -- to a large degree.

And you asked about 2023, and we don't -- we really haven't taken a good look at when we think we'll return. As Jen said, the market was overproducing, no question about it, in the first half of '21. And so there's both the fact that the economy is a little weaker, plus absorbing all this extra inventory to do. Whether that takes 12 months to do or 18 months to do, we're just not sure. But we will continue to report on that and see what we think. 
There's not -- the underlying fundamentals are good. As Jen said, our market position is good. We're getting more content, all that seems fine. We're just trying to understand the market dynamics about when economic growth starts to pick up and absorbs the trucks that they put in the inventory ahead of NS VI.

David, the only other thing I'd point you to is, remember, at the same time that we're driving these margins, we're also investing more in our New Power and other engineering categories, primarily in New Power. So we are building a brand-new business. And I think the opportunity for the company is huge, as you heard me talk about. But if you just look at our core business margins, they're even stronger than you might think just by looking at the overall number. 
So again, our confidence level is high in our ability to drive margins higher in 2023, assuming we can continue to benefit from the kind of demand we have now. And as Mark said, the reason we have confidence in the 2022 margins is because we don't know exactly how supply chain costs are going to go. We've built a reasonably conservative scenario. And if it's worth, we will raise prices again. Just that simple.

We will talk about that in some depth at the Analyst Day, and we will show kind of what we think the trajectory is where investments sort of peak and returns start to come the other way because, of course, eventually, we'd like to see the breakeven and margins start to come the other way in New Power, and we do expect that to happen. So let us go through that trajectory. 
But again, there's no question that for the next couple of years, our investments will be increasing and the question is when it turns back the other way. So let us take you through that. And I think my own view is that you and other investors will recognize that we are creating a significant opportunity at a reasonably affordable investment level relative to our competition.

Yes. Tim -- if I just step back, Tim. Obviously, it's not the perfect time to travel, but it would be worth it in -- later when you have a chance, to visit some of the distributors. So Tracy and her North American leader, Jenny Bush, have done an amazing job transforming that business. 
Just whatever a number of years ago was all independent. We created joint ventures. We bought all the distributors, but they were still independent. Each one was a separate company, its own pricing, its own -- it's now a national distribution organization with business level. So Power Gen is one organization across North America with sales, service and support linked to customers across the entire North American region. It's a remarkable transformation. The cost levels and inventories are -- levels are lower. 
As Jen said, the struggle they've had this year to deliver their double-digit margin is we can't give many parts. They can sell as many parts as we can give them. We just can't give them enough. And to say that they are disappointed with that would be an understatement. They are screaming about that pretty regularly. 
And we are -- one of the things we're trying to do and part of our 2022 work is to reduce backlog in the parts organization, which, of course, helps our customers through service as well, but it also will help our margins. So -- but the transformation has just been remarkable. And I think if you get a chance to just see it and to see the operational changes, it is a great, great piece of work. So we are excited about what we're going to see in terms of margins once we get the parts flowing through the distribution business.

And Tim, I think the reason you hear different things from different people is because each of us has dealt with our challenges last year differently. You heard Jamie's question about red-tag trucks. So if you're a truck maker and you had a bunch of trucks sitting there, you now have lowered production rates and you are steadying your production more so your revenue forecast is a little lower. But you are able to stabilize and maybe that feels actually better to you in terms of how your production rates go, not to mention not holding all this extra inventory. .
And in our case, we, of course, did not do that. We were able to ship and keep them running. So to us, the basic production challenges look the same in January, they looked in December and they did in November. 
I do agree with what Jen said. She's shown me the data about absenteeism and things, and there's no question Omicron has driven up our own absenteeism as well as that of our suppliers. 
But if I step back though, chip supply is still a disaster. I mean it just moves around. Lately, my -- the biggest thing I'm hearing about is anti-lock brakes, which, as you know, don't affect us. But essentially every one of our customers and car companies are all suffering from analog break chip shortages. So there just aren't enough chips. 
And so that's why I predict continued challenges. Even if we have a little bit of reprieve from and there isn't a replacement derivative for Omicron in the next several months, that will steady out labor supply. But make no mistake, chips will be right behind it. 
So I just think we'll just continue to work through these challenges and that all of us, our customers, ourselves, our suppliers are all getting a little bit better at dealing with the variability and steadying out our production, that's helping us. Meanwhile, we're dealing with inflation on freight and other costs. So that's what we've tried to show in that balancing of costs and benefits for our margin next year.

And you guys, just remember for context that most of the engines used by that division are larger engines, above 19 liters. So the production supply chain is different than it is for the 15 liter and below. That's what Mark is talking about. So yes, there are still chips required. There are a different set of chips. And so they just had fewer constraints on and the volumes are lower. .
But if you look at the freight content of those engines and gen sets, it's much higher. They're bigger, heavier more -- and so as containers got short, shipping rates went up, the impact on that division is much larger than it is on the others as a percentage of cost. And of course, labor shortages affect everybody. 
But they -- for the heavy-duty and mid-range engines, that was just another in the pile after chips and everything else for high horsepower, it's just really hitting now. 
So we do see them improving, by the way. It's just that everything is pushed back a couple of quarters relative to what we're seeing in our larger volume heavy duty and medium duty. That's all.

Same -- yes, same pricing strategy, just a little bit slower on the cost improvement.

Thank you.