Thanks, Jack, and good morning, everybody. I'll start with a summary of our second quarter financial results and our market trends by region and then finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2021. Mark will then take you through more details of both our second quarter financial performance and our forecast for this year. Demand remained strong in the second quarter as the global economy continued to improve, driving strong sales growth across most businesses and regions and resulting in solid profitability. We are encouraged by economic trends across a number of our key end markets, which point to strong demand for the remainder of this year and extending into 2022. 
In North America, freight activity continues to grow, leading to elevated spot and contract rates and driving fleet profitability and a rising backlog of truck orders. Leading indicators for nonresidential construction continue to improve. And the fiscal support for investment in capital projects is robust, led by North America and Europe. Iron ore, copper and thermal coal prices also remain high, supporting a positive outlook for mining. Cummins is well positioned to benefit as these markets gain momentum due to our leading global position across a number of end markets, and we continue to see demand for our products outpace our competition. 
Before getting into our results, I want to take a moment to highlight a number of partnerships and strategic milestones in the evolution of our next-generation technologies. In May, we formed a partnership with Iberdrola, a leading global producer of renewable power to accelerate the global growth of business opportunities in the electrolyzer market and especially in Europe with a focus on the Iberian Peninsula. The alliance will help position Cummins as a leading supplier of electrolyzer systems for large-scale projects in Europe. As part of our alliance, Cummins will be the electrolyzer supplier for a 230-megawatt project for a leading fertilizer producer that will serve as a benchmark for large PEM scale electrolysis globally. 
We signed a joint venture with Sinopec Enze Fund in June, which will accelerate the affordability and availability of green hydrogen in China through development of hydrogen-generation projects and increasing manufacturing capacity of electrolyzers and other key products in the green hydrogen supply chain. As one of the largest hydrogen suppliers in China, Sinopec's annual hydrogen production reaches 3.5 million tonnes, accounting for 14% of total -- China's total hydrogen production. China's embrace of green hydrogen is great for the planet. And Cummins and Sinopec joining together to realize the potential of green hydrogen is a huge leap forward for scaling our innovative PEM electrolyzer systems. 
We recently announced a strategic collaboration with Chevron to develop commercially viable business opportunities in hydrogen and other alternative energy sources. The MOU provides the framework for Chevron and Cummins to initially collaborate on 4 main objectives: first, advancing public policy that promotes hydrogen as a decarbonizing solution for transportation and industry; building market demand for commercial vehicles and industrial applications powered by hydrogen; developing infrastructure to support the use of hydrogen for industry and fuel cell vehicles; and fourth, exploring opportunities to leverage Cummins' electrolyzer and fuel cell technologies at one or more of Chevron's domestic refineries.
The partnership with Chevron allows us to scale low-carbon fuel delivery and build hydrogen corridors for use by fuel cell vehicles. In addition, we can work with Chevron to decarbonize parts of their operations using our green hydrogen technology. Finally, last week, Cummins announced the signing of an MOU with Air Products to work together to begin the transition of Air Products' heavy-duty tractor fleet to zero emissions vehicles in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Cummins will provide hydrogen fuel cell electric powertrains integrated into selective -- selected OEM partners' heavy-duty trucks for use by Air Products. The project will take a phased approach to transition Air Products' fleet to hydrogen fuel cell electric powertrains, starting with 5 demonstration units to be delivered in Europe and North America by the end of next year.  
Following successful demonstration, the project includes ramp-ups, which were -- was a total of 2,000 trucks to be delivered by the middle of the decade. This represents among the largest orders for fuel cell vehicles to date, and we will be working with a partner that has deep expertise in the generation, transportation and use of hydrogen.  
We've now deployed more than 2,000 fuel cells and 600 electrolyzers around the world as we continue the development of our hydrogen business. In addition to accelerating our revenue momentum via these important strategic ownerships, we are also building out our electrolyzer capacity, targeting the regions which we expect to be at the forefront of green hydrogen production and commercial adoption. 
Site selection search within the Guadalajara area of Castilla-La Mancha in Spain is currently underway for Cummins' new approximately $60 million PEM electrolyzer manufacturing plant that will house system assembly and testing for approximately 500 megawatts per year of electrolyzer reduction and will be scalable to more than 1 gigawatt per year. Cummins NZ, the JV we signed in conjunction with Sinopec, will be located in Foshan, Guangdong province in China. The JV will initially invest $47 million to locate a manufacturing plant to produce PEM electrolyzers. 
The plant will open with a manufacturing capacity of 500 megawatts of electrolyzers per year but will also be scalable to more than 1 gigawatt per year. These investments, in addition to our build-outs underway at our current facilities in Belgium and Canada, will position us to have nearly 2 gigawatts of capacity by the middle of the decade with the flexibility to scale up as demand accelerates.  
In the battery electric space, we continue to produce and sell fully electric powertrains in first-mover markets such as transit, school bus and yard spotters. Cummins is collaborating with PepsiCo's Frito-Lay on a battery electric demonstration truck for a pickup and delivery application that has been running daily routes since last November. This truck will be showcased at the upcoming North American Council for freight efficiencies electric truck demonstration. 
We are well positioned with our deep market expertise in electric powertrain technology and are continuously evaluating how we can adapt and improve to meet customer demand and market trends as the technology matures. This includes next-generation battery electric systems to balance the durability needs of our customers while focusing on delivering products at a compelling price point. We are also continuing to explore new partnerships to enhance our capabilities, improve our cost position and drive more volume and scale into the business.  
In addition to these important milestones for our New Power business, we are investing in our Engine and Components businesses to develop advanced diesel and alternative fuel products, which will be critical to meeting customer and regulatory requirements in the coming years. We announced the signing of an LOI to acquire a 50% equity interest in Momentum Fuel Technologies.  The joint venture between Rush Enterprises and Cummins will produce Cummins-branded natural gas fuel delivery systems for the commercial vehicle market in North America, combining the strength of Momentum Fuel Technologies' compressed natural gas fuel delivery systems, Cummins' powertrain expertise and the engineering and support infrastructure of both companies. 
We have seen increasing interest over last year and expect natural gas powertrains to become an increasingly popular choice for end users due to both a compelling total cost of ownership as well as the environmental benefit of such powertrains, especially when utilizing renewable natural gas sources.  
We also began testing of a hydrogen-fueled internal combustion engine for heavy-duty truck applications, building on Cummins' existing technology leadership in gaseous fuel applications and powertrain leadership to create a new power solution to help customers meet the energy environmental needs of the future. The hydrogen engine program can potentially expand the technology options available to achieve a more sustainable transport sector, complementing our capabilities in hydrogen fuel cell, battery electric and renewable gas powertrains.  
We are committed to bringing customers the right solution at the right time. Doing so requires us to maintain a broad portfolio of power solutions to meet our diverse customers' needs and to minimize total carbon emissions throughout the energy transition.  
Now I'll comment on the overall company performance for the second quarter of 2021 and cover some of our key markets, starting with North America before moving on to our largest international markets. Revenues for the second quarter of 2021 were $6.1 billion, an increase of 59% compared to the second quarter of 2020. EBITDA was $974 million or 15.9% compared to $549 million or 14.3% a year ago. EBITDA increased as a result of stronger global demand and higher joint venture income, partly offset by significantly higher premium freight and other costs associated with supply chain disruptions in addition to higher compensation costs. 
Our global markets experienced an unprecedented shock from the impact of COVID-19 during the second quarter of last year. And while we have been encouraged by the ongoing recovery across all of our global markets, our industry continues to experience significant constraints across the supply chain, leading to an extended period of inefficiencies and higher costs. Despite these supply chain impacts though, we are continuing to deliver strong financial performance while supporting our customers. The ability to supply our customers remains our key focus now. And while we are optimistic that the supply chain constraints will ease with time, they are likely to persist through the end of the year.  
Our second quarter revenues in North America grew 74% to $3.5 billion, driven by high -- higher industry build rates across all on-highway markets. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks in the second quarter was 67,000 units, an increase of 180% from 2020 levels. While our heavy-duty unit sales were 23,000, an increase of 217% from 2020. Industry production of medium-duty trucks was 29,000 units in the second quarter of 2021, an increase of 94% from 2020 levels while  our unit sales were 22,000 units, an increase of 85% from 2020. We shipped 42,000 engines to Stellantis for use in their Ram pickups in the second quarter of 2021, an increase of 272% from 2020 levels. Revenues for power generation grew by 48% due to higher demand in recreational vehicle, standby power and data center markets.  
Our international revenues increased by 42% in the second quarter of 2021 compared to a year ago. Second quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $2.1 billion, an increase of 8% due to higher sales in power generation and mining markets. We also experienced a higher penetration rate with our joint venture partners in the heavy and medium-duty on-highway markets as they prepare for broader implementation of NS VI in July of this year. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China was 566,000 units, a decrease of 4% but still well above replacement, driven by continued prebuy of NS V trucks, ahead of the broader implementation of the new NS VI standards in July of this year. Our sales in units, including joint ventures, were 85,000 units, a decrease of 5% versus the second quarter of 2020.  
The light-duty market in China decreased 8% from 2020 levels to 614,000 units, while our units sold, including joint ventures, were 38,000, a decrease of 28%, driven by supply chain constraints, particularly in these lighter displacement vehicles. Industry demand for excavators in the second quarter was 97,000 units, a decrease of 5% from very high 2020 levels. Our units sold were 16,800 units, a decrease of 7%.  
The demand for power generation equipment in China increased 47% in the second quarter, driven by growth in data center markets and other standby power markets. We continue to hold a leading market position in the data center segment, driven by strong end-user relationships and a compelling product offering in that space.  
Second quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $392 million, an increase of 219% from the second quarter of 2020 despite experiencing a terrible second wave of COVID-19 during this period. Industry truck production increased by 468% while our shipments increased 535% as our joint venture partner continued to gain share. Demand for power generation and construction equipment rebounded strongly in the second quarter compared to a very low base a year ago. We remain encouraged by the continued economic recovery, driven by anticipated government infrastructure spending.  
In Brazil, our revenues increased 175%, driven by increased demand in most end markets.  
Now let me quickly cover our outlook for 2021. Based on our current forecast, we are maintaining full year 2021 revenue guidance of up 20% to 24% versus last year. EBITDA is still expected to be in the range of 15.5% to 16%. And the company expects to return 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders in 2021 in the form of dividend and share repurchases. And summing up the quarter, strong demand across many of our key markets drove continued sales growth in the second quarter and resulted in solid profitability. We have secured important new partnerships in our New Power segment. At the same time, we continue to invest in bringing new technologies to customers, outgrowing our end markets and providing strong cash returns to our shareholders.  
Before passing it over to Mark, I want to take a moment to highlight an important announcement we included in our earnings press release this morning regarding our exploration of our strategic alternatives for the Filtration business. Cummins Filtration is a premier filtration platform and a technology leader specializing in filtration products used in heavy-, medium-duty and light-duty trucks, industrial equipment and power generation systems. The business generated revenues of approximately $1.2 billion in 2020 and remains well positioned for continued growth, sustained margin performance and strong free cash flow generation. 
Cummins Filtration has a strong global footprint with leading positions in North America, India and China and a significant presence in other key markets supported by long-standing local partnerships. We are exploring a range of options to unlock significant shareholder value, including the separation of Filtration into a stand-alone company with a dedicated management team, who are well positioned to drive the business forward and diversify its business, leveraging its strong technology portfolio and footprint. The execution of this exploration process is dependent upon business and market conditions, of course, along with a number of other factors and considerations. 
And any costs associated with the evaluation of these alternatives for the Filtration business has been excluded from our financial outlook. We plan to share a lot more about this and other elements of our strategy during our Analyst Day on February 23. Our purpose in delaying this event from November this year until spring is to be able to hold it in person, and we will provide more details as we get closer to the February 23 date.  
Thank you for your time today, and let me turn it over to Mark.

Thanks, Jamie. So let me start with your Filtration question first. The answer is that the profitability of Filtration is pretty much in line with the Components business. The segment and the business are very similar. And the strategic logic is simple. It's a great business, by the way, very profitable, great cash flow, a terrific leadership team. And we've done a lot of improvement in that business over the last few years, which has really improved its financial performance as well as its operating performance. 
And so we're -- we feel like it's operating on all cylinders, really, just for an engine analogy there. But the challenge is that looking forward, the opportunities to grow shareholder value look primarily to us in diversification. The number of technology innovations for the truck business or for our end markets look like they're limited in front of us. Whereas the opportunities to take that technology platform and global footprint to other filtration segments look significant. And when we think about using our shareholders' capital to invest in those other segments, the logic isn't as clear. 
What is clear, though, that the company has come to a size and performance level now where we think it can stand on its own or it could be part of a big -- another bigger company that plans more diversification in other end markets. We are looking at all those options. We're exploring everything from a sale to a spin to a -- to some other kind of strategic option. What we want to do most of all, though, is realize value for common shareholders. We know that when we're the best owner and can make the most of the assets, we're going to do that. 
And when we're no longer the best owner, then we need to confront that, too. And that's what we're trying to do here is just create value for shareholders and be direct about it. Again, it's -- the business is doing great. The management team is outstanding. We're really proud of the achievements of that business. We just think it can operate separately from us more effectively going forward. 
Then with regard to New Power, and thanks for your comments on the strategic milestones, we have achieved a lot already. And we are exploring organic/inorganic partnership options all the time. It is such a fast-moving area. There's so much development to do in infrastructure. Just the product technology, the availability of fuel, there's so much to do to decarbonize the automotive industry, no less all the other commercial industrial industries that we're in, that there's no lack of potential partnerships and opportunities. 
We are, though, scanning always for inorganic options, too. As you know, some of the valuations were elevated to a point where they were really just almost silly. But that said, that isn't always true now. And we are always scanning for acquisitions that we think can position us strategically more -- better position us from a scale point of view. And you heard me mention that in our battery electric section that there is a scale advantage to be gained both in hydrogen and electric. If we can get enough volume on some of those products, we can drive down costs significantly. That depends in part on whether the technology is viable in the application or not. And that's why we're doing so much focus on what are the first-mover markets and where can we actually get scale. And then if we can do that and an acquisition can help, we'll do it.

We haven't reported bookings from electrolyzer markets. What I can do, though, is take that in as something you'd like to see and start to see if we can publish those, that data. 
But we have not been doing that, so I can't really answer your question on bookings for the quarter. But what I can say is that, as I mentioned in my announcement, that the project that we've got planned with Iberdrola in Spain for the fertilizer will be the largest of its kind. And so we are seeing significant ramp-up already, especially in Europe. That's where, in Europe, there's the combination of low-cost renewable power, combined with European money supporting projects that decarbonize industrial uses of hydrogen, is really driving -- is the primary driver of demand. And we see some of that now beginning to form in China, same idea, decarbonizing industrial uses of hydrogen. 
So there's already big consumers of hydrogen. They already -- people already buy a lot, but it's produced using natural gas through SMR. And this supply chain, this green hydrogen supply chain takes renewable power through a PEM electrolyzer like ours and then turns it -- makes the hydrogen low carbon or zero carbon. And that's kind of the biggest drive for electrolyzers today.

Yes. Our -- we think the business model is going to be very similar. These are not retrofit vehicles. These are vehicles which will be built for purpose to have fuel cell electric vehicle powertrains. As you guessed, the big development area there is to have electric infrastructure in the truck already. And then when you -- then you can put the fuel cell in and take advantage of the electric powertrain or the electric infrastructure in the truck. 
And that's still under development. Most of the trucks that we put out now, the electric infrastructure is either a prototype version or is -- has not been fully productionized yet. And I'd say our early versions will still be that. But truck makers are electrifying vehicles at a reasonably rapid rate, at least for -- in relatively small volumes. So we expect those platforms to improve over time. And we will be forming partnerships with OEMs to deliver those trucks. And my view is that the reason you haven't seen more partnerships already is there just isn't very much demand. So -- and everyone is trying to figure out what to do with their scarce engineering resources. 
Do I use them on developing advanced diesel, natural gas, renewable natural gas, electric, fuel cell electric? And since I can't do all at once, which ones do I do first, second and third? So we believe that truck makers will be ready to work with us on fuel cell vehicles when there's demand. So that's why we're excited about an end-user like Air Products, high-quality company, knows hydrogen really well, wants to make their fleet fuel cells. So I think that's going to increase truck makers' interest in trying to figure out how to fulfill this order.

Maybe just to say one more word about that. I think like a lot of companies, the continued outbreaks of COVID around the world and now the delta variant just keep throwing more curveballs into the system because we see labor shortages, we see other things. And so some of these costs, as Jen mentioned, we'd expected it to go from $100 million in the first quarter to $30 million in the second quarter and then be gone. And so now we're about talking almost hundred -- almost $300 million for the year. So that just -- I want to be clear. That's a big hit to what we really generally expected. 
The thing, I guess, I wanted to highlight is that our company continues to earn good margins despite that by finding other ways to do it. We've been able to price in the aftermarket, and we still have a big opportunity going forward in that. We're -- as Jen said, we'll be able to add material cost adjustments to our -- contractually as we move forward, roll forward in the quarter. And just the sheer effort by our teams to get products out at the least cost as we can, I think -- and in fact, so therefore, we get revenue up, which includes -- which improves our incremental margins in the plant. 
And so I guess we're kind of running up and down the escalator, if you will, and doing a decent job of it. And so as those things start to get better and even in the markets where we're still seeing disruptions, our supply base gets better at operating under the same lousy conditions if they stay stable. Even stable lousy is better than changing all the time. So all of them are doing better, and so we are seeing improvement. It's just wherever the new flare up is, is where we're seeing the cost being driven.

Yes. It's a good question. As a Chinese policy prognosticator, I would be, of course, fired immediately. But I'll just say this, that I believe, based on my conversations with government officials, that they are concerned about where the economy is and are going to continue to try to figure out ways to boost economic activity, especially given what's happening internationally to demand. So I do think it's entirely possible. We'll see government responses to try to keep business moving during this time. And to your point, that might offset some of what we see as sort of structural issues like the changing of the emission standards and the price increases of trucks. 
We don't -- the signals aren't evident to us yet, but that doesn't mean it won't happen. And we've been talking about this all year. Like we called this wrong before. We've said China is going to fall off a lot and then it hasn't. And we said the reverse. China is going to grow a lot, and then it fell off some. So what we think is that generally speaking, with this emissions change, prices are going to go up. 
People bought a lot of trucks last year -- second half of last year, first half of this year. So we see diminishing demand -- and not just trucks, also excavators. We see diminishing demand as the most likely expectation, and we are beginning to see signs of that. And so even if the policy started to change now, I think we'd still see some demand drops in at least the third quarter and the fourth quarter until those things start to take effect.

Yes, Ross.

Yes. It's a great question, Ross. The answer is it depends on if I give you the answer from a CEO of a 100-year-old engine company or from a new start-up. The CEO of an old engine company says, we don't have the orders in hand yet because I think of orders as actual orders. But to your point, though, we project that the sum of these partnerships and where we see this decarbonizing of industries using hydrogen already will take our demand significantly over our estimate we gave at the Hydrogen Day. 
Again, the orders are in hand. They depend on European money and all these things, all of which has been promised, but it's not all done, right? So -- and the same thing in China. There's projected policy investments that will encourage green hydrogen, but the orders aren't there yet. So that's why when you ask like, do you have orders in hand? The engine guy says, no. But if you ask me as the CEO of New Power, I'd say, I feel really good about it and I think we're going to exceed our target significantly.

Let us hold on our 2022 guidance until we get there. But basically, what we think the revenue guidance is going to be driven by most is this electrolyzer demand. This is the thing that's kind of going the fastest. Everything else is moving. You know that. These are moving. Fuel cell trucks are moving just as I said. But to your point, those are all being driven by costs coming down, infrastructure being built, all of which takes a long time. The electrolyzer demand is the thing that's right in front of us. 
So if we can get the projects locked down, all the European money subsidies in place, as you heard from my remarks, we are building the capacity to produce these units. What that means with regard to the quarters of 2022, we have some work yet to do to do that. I'd like to tell you, yes, but I think we need to do the work, and we need to see some of these projects locked down before we say to ourselves, it's exactly this quarter and that quarter. So give us some time to work that, but I understand the question well, and we'll definitely give you visibility to that as we get it.

Yes. That is definitely a longer conversation about each technology area where we're leading and where we're not, which would be significantly  disputed by other competitors in the industry, I'm sure, Rob. Let's just -- let me say it this way. I think that we have a position in the market, which has been built over a long time, where we understand the applications as well or better than anybody in the industry. We understand the technical ways in which the applications demand power from the powertrain. That gives us a significant advantage in developing whatever powertrain ends up winning because we understand what it actually has to do. 
Second thing I'd say is that we've invested significantly in both hydrogen fuel cells and battery electric fuel powertrains, meaning that we have as much experience, technology, investment as anybody in the industry, not in straight battery cells or that kind of thing but in the application of those units to commercial vehicles. So we're not behind anybody who is in commercial industrial end markets. So I believe that we have -- we are well positioned. But I also think the industry is moving quickly. 
As I said in my remarks, where the strategic advantage will be gained will depend not only on the product development, but on where the infrastructure is, where -- what the cost of electricity is versus the cost of hydrogen, a whole bunch of other factors that require us and other industry participants to be pretty nimble about how you think about what products are going to win and how advantage is going to be created. So that's why I think it's important for us to say, we like these investments, we feel like we're at the forefront of all of them. But we also need to keep thinking about where the puck is moving to and make sure we're thinking about how to get advantage. 
That's a little bit why you heard my comments on investing in low-carbon engine technologies. Because right now, we can produce hybrid diesel engines and hybrid and natural gas engines at significantly lower cost than either BEV or fuel cell powertrains that are significant improvements in both carbon and criteria pollutants. That's worth a lot to either, depending on whether you're an EPA or a regulator or you're a customer, I know how to use those. They're a lot cheaper. I understand how to fuel them and operate them. And meanwhile, they still significantly -- their positive impact on the environment. So that's why I think we're trying to make sure that we stay at the forefront of all these and not just plop down a bet in one big pile on one place because I think that's not a winning strategy in this market.

Yes. Yes, Rob, thanks for that. It's a great question. Our view is that the tail end of diesel will be a lot longer than people expected. And that's not because we have some -- we sit around and hope for the preservation of diesel. It's because the diesel market is so complicated. There's so many applications, 100 years of applications. And it's not like the cars where there's just one application. There's hundreds and -- or thousands. And each one of them has unique demands and scale is very difficult to achieve in some of these. And so we see the demand for diesel lasting a long time. 
And that's why this investment in both helping customers that are trying to move out of diesel as well as trying to think through how do we invest in those technologies to decarbonize through renewable natural gas or hydrogen, ICE engines or hybrids or other things, is a good investment because it allows these applications to move down the carbon curve, have less carbon out, lower criteria pollutants in an engineering way that's going to drive -- and cost way that's going to drive utilization. And people are going to actually use it and not just delay purchases. So we think both for regulators and for customers, that's a good investment. And that curve is likely to last a long time. 
And the answer about how long is, unfortunately, for people that want a simple answer, it depends on how -- it's complicated. It will last a really long time if you mean all of them. If you mean like the one truck application at the largest volume, that might happen sooner than the last unusual kind of truck that's a very small volume. But the accumulation of all those curves of all those applications means diesel is around a long time. And so -- and these new applications, the lower carbon ones are going to be introduced starting now and all the way through the 2030s.