Thank you, Jack, and good morning, everybody. If that voice sounded different to you, it's because it was. That was Jack Kienzler, not James Hopkins. And I want to welcome Jack to the Investor Relations function into this quarterly earnings call. Jack is not new to Cummins. He has been with the company since 2014. He has worked in finance. He has worked in strategy. He has a great understanding of our business and our financial performance. He will be a terrific addition to the Investor Relations team. And he will, I think, continue James' efforts to not only improve communication with investors, but make sure that you have the insights and understanding you need of our business and financial performance. James also worked with managers across the company to make sure that we understood what you as investors need from us. And for that, I'm very grateful. James is now working in the engine business and strategy, and I know he'll do a terrific job. So thanks to James. 
Before I go through the summary of our fourth quarter and full year results, I want to take a moment to acknowledge and thank our employees for the sacrifices they've made over the course of 2020. In the second quarter, we faced the most severe decline in quarterly sales in our history, followed by a rapid recovery in demand and supported by a supply chain that was severely impacted by the pandemic. Our employees have worked tirelessly to navigate the many challenges caused by COVID-19 across the globe in order to support our customers and operate with financial discipline. I can't thank them enough for their commitment, their agility and their resilience. 
Now I'll summarize our fourth quarter and full year results and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2021. Mark will then take you through more details of both our fourth quarter financial performance and our forecast for this year. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we recorded restructuring charges totaling $119 million pretax or $90 million after tax. In order to provide clarity on operational performance, I'm excluding any references to those charges from my comments. 
Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2020 were $5.8 billion, an increase of 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019 driven primarily by increased demand in Chinese truck and construction markets. EBITDA was $837 million or 14.4% compared to $682 million or 12.2% a year ago. EBITDA percent increased due to higher revenue, stronger joint venture income and benefits from restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2019 partially offset by higher product coverage costs. Fourth quarter EBITDA included $36 million of reorganization and facility closure costs associated with actions taken to improve future performance primarily in our distribution business. 
For the full year, Cummins sales were $19.8 billion, down 16% year-over-year. Our EBITDA margins were $3.1 billion or 15.7% of sales compared to $3.7 billion or 15.8% of sales in 2019. In our Engine business, sales decreased by 20% in 2020. Lower demand in most of our major regions and markets was partially offset by record levels of demand in the on-highway and construction segment in China. EBITDA was 15.4% compared to 14.6% in 2019 as the benefits of higher joint venture income, restructuring and temporary salary reductions more than offset the impact of lower volumes. 
Sales for our distribution business decreased by 12% in 2020 driven by lower demand for engines and power generation equipment in addition to lower utilization of our products across many of our regions, driving lower aftermarket demand. Full year EBITDA increased to 9.3% compared to 8.6% in 2019 driven by the realization of benefits of our transformation activities, especially in North America and other cost reduction actions. 
Full year revenues for the Components segment declined by 13% due to lower truck production in North America and Europe. This more than offset increases in revenue associated with new products designed to meet Bharat Stage VI emissions regulations in India and record levels of truck demand in China. EBITDA was 16.0% compared to 16.2% in 2019. The decrease in EBITDA percent was primarily due to lower volumes, which more than offset the benefits of restructuring actions, temporary salary reductions and lower warranty expense. 
Power Systems sales decreased by 19% in 2020. Sales of our power generation equipment declined by 14% as lower demand for standby power generation equipment in North America, India and Asia more than offset continued strong demand in data center markets, especially in China. Demand for engines and industrial applications declined by 26% due to lower demand in oil and gas and mining markets. EBITDA was 9.4% compared to 11.7% in 2019. The decrease in EBITDA was primarily driven by lower volumes, which more than offset the benefits of prior restructuring actions and temporary salary reductions. 
In our New Power business, revenues increased by 89% to $72 million primarily driven by electrolyzer demand. Full year New Power EBITDA was a loss of $172 million, in line with our forecast, as we continued to invest in new products and technologies ahead of widespread market adoption. 
And before I move on to some of our key markets, I'd like to take a moment to provide an update on the progress we made in New Power in 2020. First, we delivered a 20-megawatt PEM electrolyzer system to generate green hydrogen in Becancour, Quebec, making it the largest operation of its kind in the world. The Cummins electrolyzer system is installed on an Air Liquide hydrogen production facility and began commercial operation late last year. The Cummins PEM electrolyzer can produce over 3,000 tons of hydrogen annually using hydropower. In addition to the Becancour installation, we delivered 4 megawatts of electrolyzers to 9 additional customers in 2020. 
We provided fuel cell modules to ASKO, Norway's largest grocery wholesaler, that were integrated into 4 Scania trucks. The fuel cell electric truck pilot is the first of its kind as ASKO aims to reduce its energy use by 20% and ultimately become a self-sufficient provider of clean energy using 100% renewable fuel. Cummins also supplied fuel cells for FAUN, a leader in waste collection vehicles and sweepers in Europe for their electric refuse truck program. Cummins is also the largest supplier of fuel cells for the rail industry. And we are using experience from rail applications in our design for other heavy-duty transportation applications to provide best-in-class solutions. 
In the battery electric market, we delivered 147 fully electric powertrains to BlueBird in 2020 for use in the school bus market and 19 powertrains to GILLIG for use in the transit bus market. Our products are now powering over 250 school buses, which are actively in service today in addition to transit buses operating in municipalities around North America. Finally, we formed the NPROXX joint venture in 2020 to provide customers with high-pressure tank and storage solutions in hydrogen and natural gas markets. 
We have a strong portfolio of distinctive platforms and are continuing to invest in key technology areas for the future. We are targeting our focus and investment at the markets where commercial opportunities exist today or will emerge in the near or medium term. The experience we are gaining in the field is providing us opportunities to continuously improve our products and leverage prior investments into new applications. In addition to the technical experience we are accumulating, our sales and service channel, customer relationships and global footprint will position us well when broader commercialization of fuel cell electric powertrains and battery electric powertrains take place. 
Now I will comment on some of our key markets in 2020, starting with North America, and then I'll comment on some of our largest international markets. Our revenues in North America decreased 21% in 2020 primarily due to lower demand across our segments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Industrial production of heavy-duty trucks declined to 187,000 units, a decrease of 39% from 2019 levels, while our heavy-duty unit sales declined to 63,000, a decrease of 36% from 2019. We began shipments of our X12 engine to Freightliner for use in their Cascadia day and sleeper cab models in 2020. 
In addition to sales in various location -- applications, our entry into the regional haul market with the low weight X12 engine will further support our leading market share in this segment. The market size for medium-duty trucks was 101,000 units in 2020, a decline of 28% from 2019 levels, while our unit sales were 78,000, a decline of 32% from 2019. We shipped 125,000 engines to Chrysler for use in their RAM pickups in 2020, a decline of 14% from 2019 levels. 
Engine sales to construction customers in North America decreased by 42% as nonresidential construction spending decline and rental companies cut capital spending. Engine shipments to high horsepower markets in North America decreased by 11% from last year, with lower demand from oil and gas and mining segments partially offset by increased shipments to marine and defense customers. Power generation revenues decreased by 13% year-over-year driven by lower demand for standby applications resulting from lower nonresidential construction spending. 
Our international revenues declined 7% in 2020, with weaker demand in most markets more than offsetting a record year in China. Full year revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $6.9 billion, up 25%. The increased revenue was driven by record demand in the truck, construction and data center markets. Industry demand for medium and heavy-duty trucks in China was 1.8 million units, an increase of 35% driven by increased incentives to scrap older trucks and the increase in government stimulus following the easing of COVID-19 restrictions. Our units sold, including joint ventures, were 286,000, an increase of 47%. 
The light-duty truck market in China increased 17% from 2019 levels to 2.2 million units, while our units sold, including joint ventures, were 189,000 units, an increase of 24%. Industry demand for excavators set another record of 328,000 units in 2020, an increase of 39% from 2019 levels. Our units sold were 53,000 units, an increase of 58% as our domestic partners gained market share. 
In our Power Systems markets, demand for power generation equipment in China increased 8% compared to 2019 driven by growth in key markets such as data center, infrastructure and health care. Industrial engine sales declined 34% from 2019 levels primarily driven by weakness in oil and gas and mining markets. 
Full year revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $1.2 billion, down 26%. Industry truck production declined by 54% in 2020. Demand for construction equipment dropped 28%. And power generation revenue declined 40% in 2020. Our components business was the one major bright spot, with revenue up 17% as a result of new products designed to meet both the Bharat Stage VI emissions regulations introduced in April in addition to new customer wins. In Brazil, our revenues declined 11% by weak -- driven by weaker demand in most end markets. 
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2021 and then comment on individual regions and end markets. We are forecasting total company revenues for 2021 to increase 8% to 12% compared to 2020 driven by an increase in heavy-duty and medium-duty truck production in North America, Europe and India, offset by China, where we expect demand to moderate after a record year in 2020 particular in the second half of the year. We expect demand for construction equipment to increase in North America and Europe and decline in China from record levels experienced last year. We are forecasting higher demand in global mining, oil and gas and power generation markets and expect aftermarket revenues to increase by 10% compared with 2020. Industry production for heavy-duty trucks in North America is projected to be 245,000 to 265,000 units in 2021, a 30% to 40% increase year-over-year. In the medium-duty truck market, we expect the market size to be 120,000 to 130,000 units, a 20% to 30% increase from last year. 
This year, we will begin selling engines to Isuzu for use in the medium-duty truck markets. We have been working with Isuzu on multiple collaboration initiatives since 2019, including the delivery of next-generation low-emission products and are excited to take our partnership to the next level. We have delivered some initial units which are being incorporated into vehicles in North America now and plan to begin serial production in the second quarter of 2021. 
In 2023, we expect to supply engines to Isuzu for truck applications in Japan and Southeast Asia. Our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America are expected to be up 5% compared to 2020. In China, we expect domestic -- we are projecting domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be down 20% in 2021. We currently project a 30% reduction in heavy- and medium-duty truck demand and a 5% to 10% reduction in demand for the light-duty truck market. We expect demand to be heavily weighted towards the first half of the year, particularly in the first quarter, and primarily driven by prebuy ahead of the broad NS VI implementation in July and OEM efforts to increase inventory levels to mitigate supply chain constraints. 
Industry volumes of NS VI product will increase in 2021 as the new regulations are implemented more broadly across China from July onwards. We first launched engines to meet standards similar to NS VI in the United States 10 years ago and have leveraged our knowledge in powertrain technologies to develop a range of products for Chinese markets that we expect to be well received by end users. Industry sales of excavators in China are expected to decline 20% from last year's record levels. We also expect demand the first half of the year for excavators to be stronger than the second half driven by infrastructure projects and a strong housing market, which is expected to decline in the second half of the year as the government stimulus tightens. 
In India, we project total revenue, including joint ventures, to increase 25% in 2020. We expect industry demand for trucks to increase 20% in 2021. The new emission standards in China and India will result in significantly more content for each Cummins engine we sell. For example, we expect to increase sales of after-treatment systems by over $250 million in 2021. We project our major global high horsepower markets will improve in 2021. Sales of mining engines are expected to increase by 10% to 15% in 2021 with greater demand following a recovery in commodity prices. Demand for new oil and gas engines is expected to increase by 55% in 2021, albeit off a very low base primarily driven by increased fracking activity in North America. Demand in global power generation markets is expected to increase 5% driven by continued growth in data center markets and strong RV market in North America. 
In New Power, we expect full year sales to be between $110 million and $130 million. We have a backlog of approximately 65 megawatts in electrolyzers, which we expect to be delivered over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. We will continue to deliver fuel cell systems for use in the European rail market. We also expect to provide modest volumes of fuel cells for truck applications in 2021 as some fleets try out the new technology. 
We are continually innovating across our broad portfolio of power solutions from diesel and natural gas to fuel cells, hybrid and fully electric options. We plan to provide our customers with the right technical solution for their application at the right time and to continue to be a leader in power for commercial and industrial equipment. While current indicators point to improving demand in a number of key regions and markets in 2021, significant uncertainty remains, requiring continued strong focus on managing costs and cash flow as our markets continue to recover around the world. We are still operating under a pandemic with extreme safety measures in place and our suppliers and customers are doing the same. This is presenting challenges to global supply chains as our industry responds to rising demand across multiple end markets. 
Having effectively managed through an extremely challenging 2020, Cummins is in a strong position to keep investing in future growth and continuing to return cash to shareholders. In summary, we expect full year sales growth of 8% to 12% and EBITDA to be in the range of 15% to 15.5% of sales. The benefits of higher volumes and ongoing cost reduction activities will be partially offset by lower joint venture earnings, investment in new products and some additional costs with supply chain inefficiencies and the year-over-year impact of restoring full salaries following temporary salary reductions between April and September last year. 
Now let me turn it over to Mark, who will focus on our financial results and discuss them in more detail. Mark?

Jamie, just one thing to add on China. I think you hit on the key point. The first half to second half is going to be really different. And so it's really going to be hard to tell whether our assumption is conservative or not in the first half. We'll just see. It just seems like the number of trucks and excavators being produced, it just seems like a lot for us relative to the economy's ability to absorb it. Again, that's just from history and experience, and we'll see. I mean last year was just an enormous production build. And as Mark said, OEMs are cautious about the same thing, but nobody has a firm grasp on it. And then there's the emissions change in the middle, which also seems like a good impact thing. So we're using our experience and history here to make this call. We did the same thing in 2020 and got it wrong. It ended up being strong all year. So we'll see. But the first half is likely to be good. And then we'll know a lot more as we get through the end of the second quarter about how the second half is going to go. 
Let me let Tony talk a little bit about the supply chain. There's a lot to say about that. And Tony has got a lot of details about what we're doing to try to work through with our customers and our suppliers on supply chain issues.

But Jamie, if you step back from it, there's no question that supply chain constraints are impacting everybody's view of what the production is going to be. So OEMs, suppliers like us, first tier and then second tier, everybody knows that there's supply chain limits. It's just -- it's hard for us to see as -- because our customers are driving our demand, how much they're weighing in their own limitations versus what they see customers ordering and things. But it just -- as every conversation, supply chain comes up. So I just assume it's having some impact. But we are expecting to be able to fulfill our customers' needs, as Tony said, throughout the year. It's just hand-to-mouth every day.

Thanks for that, Ann, I appreciate the question. The Hydrogen Forward alliance is really just trying to make sure that those of us that are investing in the industry are making it clear to policymakers and other potential participants what the opportunity is with hydrogen. Because I do think, if you just check in with people's imagination about what a low-carbon future can look like, I think everybody from government, regulators to my kids understand what battery cars might mean and all that, and they get it. I think the role that hydrogen is going to play in larger energy use, more energy dense demand, it's just not as clear. And I think we need to be more proactive in helping people understand what it can mean to our entire energy system, and of course, what it can mean to equipment that we might supply. 
So we decided that since a lot of us have been investing a lot of time and energy in that and see the opportunity, we better start telling people about it. So that, of course, includes Biden administration and regulators, but it also includes general public. And I think a bunch of industry participants or people who could be participants, understanding what investments might make sense. That's the goal of that initiative. And I agree with exactly what you said that Europe has moved much faster to understand the role that hydrogen can play both in energy storage, cleaning up a high carbon industries, steel making and others as well as potentially in transportation like trucks and trains. And I think the U.S. really does lag there. And part of it is, what I said, is just the understanding of regulators and others is not as good. 
But part of it is also because we kind of went into a different phase, I guess, over the last 5 -- 4 or 5 years where we weren't really doing much for energy planning. I see that changing. We've already had several conversations with members of the Biden administration or transition people about trying to put together a more comprehensive energy strategy that -- for a low-carbon future. So I'm optimistic that not only will we have a more comprehensive plan, but that hydrogen will play a role in it. And we're trying, of course, to impact that. We do believe that for the kind of commercial industrial applications that we are involved with anyway, that hydrogen-based technologies, can have a big role, so -- which is why we're investing in it.

And we'll try to give more visibility to what those look like in the future. Again, as you heard from Jack, the rail side, we know what the orders are. We just don't know the rate and pace by which they're going to be able to take them. It's still a pretty low scale operation, both on Alstom's side and ours. So we're working through all that. But we'll give more visibility as we understand. I get why you -- why it might be interesting to those that are watching the industry. So we'll see what we can do to provide more guidance there.

Yes. It's a good question, Noah. We will continue to invest significantly in R&D, both in our core businesses and our New Power businesses. As we talked about, maybe it was last year -- beginning of last year, we expected R&D to -- over time, to increase some over what we were experiencing when we really just had one technology to invest in. So as a percent of sales, we expect to continue to drive up R&D to some degree because we just -- now we're investing both for a low carbon future and the existing products at the same time. And so there are significant investments for both low emissions diesel products across the world. Those are in components and in engines. 
We've now got new regulations in California to meet, plus we've got all those New Power technologies. So we have a lot to invest in. So you should expect R&D costs to come back to normal after 2020. And in fact, to continue to grow as a percent of sales. Although, again, some are shown in the new power business, some in the engine business. So they're mixed around. But as a total matter, we are investing more in R&D.

It's a great question. And of course, you know that, as we've said, we are having conversations with lots of different customers, partners about this, and have been for some time. And I've been thinking that the year it has -- that they need to make decisions was the year I'm in for the last several years. It's a complicated conversation for all involved, both because there's a lot of strategic choices for the customer about where they want to invest and where they don't. There's employees and facilities and other decisions to make. So it's a complicated set of decisions. We are talking to a number of customers and do expect some of them to choose to invest in other technologies other than diesel in the coming years. 
And so -- and we think we're positioned well. We'll see. But we think we're positioned well to win some of that business, but we are continuing those conversations. And again, I'm -- I expect some more to come this year, but than I expected more last year, too. So we'll just see where it goes. And -- but we are having conversations with lots of people. And as you said, with Isuzu, it's a really -- it's a meaningful step in that partnership. That's a good example. We've been -- we've actually had a collaboration with them for several years now. It's been very meaningful conversations. But it's complicated for them to figure out how to navigate this, and this is an important and meaningful step for them, and I think is a beginning of a lot of things we can do together. And I believe that other customers are in the same spot.

Yes. It's a great question. And of course, we're all interested in this question because I think you know, our strategy as a supplier to the industry is to maintain leadership irrespective of technology. And we're investing in the key technologies that we think take us from diesel today through hybrid, through other fuels, all the way up to low and 0 carbon -- tailpipe carbon technologies. And our intent is to invest in the technologies and with the customers that we think are going to win. So we end up -- we're leading today, and we end up leading then, in those new technologies. There's a lot to play for in that, but that's what we're -- that's our strategy. That's what we're aiming for. 
And the challenge now on the BEV, or battery electric vehicle, or even fuel cell technologies is that the -- they're not in the money in trucks. So when you try to put a truck into production or into operation, you're going to be out of the money at the start. And so they're mostly regulatory driven or some other subsidy driven, which means that it's not really a straight technology and performance kind of discussion. And so right now, market share is bouncing all over the place and -- because there's a lot of different players that can offer a system. That system is unlikely to be competitive long run. And even the systems we offer are not -- do not return if you compare them to a diesel system today. 
So market share is really, really difficult to say right now because the basis of competition is not technology and performance and cost. It's a whole bunch of other things. But that said, we are intending to win as many partners and as many products as we can, so we can get, a, practice and learning on the technology; and b, help customers understand how they might be able to turn these technologies into winners over time. So we are competing, don't get me wrong, but it's just the basis of competition is not the normal performance cost trade-off we're used to with diesel.