Jamie, it's Jennifer. I'll give an answer, and then Mark can talk about some of the numbers. As you know, we saw a growing material and supplier inflation over the course of '21. And as we talked about a quarter ago, we took action in earning this year to increase pricing in [ unprecedented ] aftermarket and also add some surcharges in response to that. And so we continue to see that cost pressure growing, material cost, supplier inflation and logistics costs and also impacting the efficiency of our operation. 
We were able to recover some of that with the pricing actions that we took in Q1, and those went in place over the course of the quarter as we work through our backlog and new pricing went into place. And we are continuing to monitor those cost pressures and take additional pricing actions over the course of the year. So I think to answer your question about go forward, it really depends on what we see over time with material costs and logistics costs, which have just continued to grow at this point in the market. 
From a Russia business perspective, as Tom alluded to, we were able to -- we see strong underlying demand. And so we've been able to repurpose some of the material that we do have in place into other markets and continue to maintain our revenue guidance and given the strong underlying demand in oil and gas and other markets and offset the impact of Russia from a supply perspective, we're really watching Tier 2 and Tier 3s impact on us at a Tier 1 level, is not a big risk of monitoring what's going on in some of the underlying material that comes out of Russia like palladium and neon gas. And so at this point, we don't anticipate significant impacts, but it's something we're paying attention to.

Yes. So we're excited to complete the transaction with Jacobs a few weeks ago. We've now integrated that business into our Components business. And as you recall, we're --  one of the big reasons for doing that acquisition was the opportunity for engine braking and variable valve timing as a part of our component technology going forward. And so we're excited to have that as part of the Components business. You'll see us starting to talk about that as a part of Components business and partnering with Cummins Engine business for future platforms as well as other customers to meet their needs with that technology. So off and running and excited to have it as a part of the Cummins team.

Yes. I think we don't expect a return to the levels we saw a year ago in China. However, we feel like we're at a low point now, as you said, because of inventory burn off, because of COVID lockdowns and the overall economic situation in China. And so we do expect improvement to a more normal level at some point. I think -- again, COVID is a big question mark. Will there be any stimulus? We haven't seen that yet, right? I think those are great questions that could positively impact that. 
And then we are well positioned with our NS VI product as the market does come back to a normal level with increased Component's content, and we think a really strong product in the market that will perform well against the competition. So as China does come back, I think it will be positive for us in Components and Engine business.