Thank you, James, and good morning. Third quarter continued a period of high demand volatility across our end markets. 3 months ago, we experienced the largest sales decline in the company's history. We've now followed that with the largest sequential increase in sales in the company's history. Even with the dramatic increase, however, sales remained below last year's levels.
While we have seen increased demand around most of our end markets over the last 3 months, we continue to see differences in recovery rates, both by market and by region, and we expect these differences to continue. Our employees have done a remarkable job of supporting our customers through this period while maintaining a safe work environment. 
In the third quarter, our supply chain organization continued to support near record levels of truck production in China as well as ramping up production to meet significantly increased demand in the North American heavy-duty truck and pickup market. 
Our engineering group has continued to successfully launched new products during this period. Over the last 6 months, we introduced an entire range of Bharat Stage VI products in India and portions of our National Standard VI portfolio in China. We also recently announced our full product lineup to meet EPA 2021 regulations in North America. While nearly everything about the way we have worked -- we work has changed due to COVID-19, the commitment and capability of our employees has remained intact. 
Now I'll move to a summary of our third quarter results and a discussion of our major end markets. Mark will then take you through more details of our third quarter financial performance and update you on our balance sheet and liquidity. Revenues for the third quarter of 2020 were $5.1 billion, a decrease of 11% compared to the third quarter of 2019. EBITDA was $876 million or 17.1% compared to $958 million or 16.6% a year ago. The impact of lower volumes and higher variable compensation costs was offset by the benefits of restructuring, temporary salary reductions, reduced warranty costs and higher joint venture income. The increase in joint venture income was primarily due to continued strong levels of demand in China.
Engine business revenues declined by 13% in the third quarter compared to a year ago. Lower production in North American truck markets drove most of the revenue decline. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 18.1% compared to 14.1% for the same period in 2019. Cost savings related to restructuring activities and salary reductions as well as increased joint venture income partially offset the impact of lower volumes. Third quarter results also benefited from a VAT recovery in Brazil. 
Sales for our Distribution segment declined by 14% year-over-year with lower revenues in domestic and international markets. Third quarter EBITDA was $182 million or 10.6% of sales compared to 9.3% in the third quarter of 2019. EBITDA margins increased as we realize more of the benefits of our transformation work in North America. 
Third quarter revenues for the Components segment declined 7%. Sales in North America declined 24% driven by lower truck build rates, while revenues in international markets increased by 26% driven by higher truck demand in China. EBITDA for the third quarter was $261 million or 16.9% compared to 17.3% in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA percent decreased as the impact of lower volumes was partially offset by the benefits of restructuring and temporary salary reductions.
Power Systems sales in the third quarter declined 13% year-over-year. Industrial sales declined 21% driven by continued weakness in oil and gas and mining markets. Power generation sales decreased by 7% with lower revenues in both North America and international markets. EBITDA in the third quarter was 10.3% or $101 million compared to 14% a year ago. The impact of lower volumes more than offset the benefits of cost reduction actions. 
In the New Power business, sales of $18 million were double those from a year ago. EBITDA was a loss of $40 million, in line with our expectations. 
Now I will comment on some of our key regions and markets, starting with North America, and then I'll cover some of our largest international markets. Our third quarter revenues in North America declined 18% to $3 billion but increased by 49% sequentially. Compared to last year, we experienced lower demand in both on and off-highway markets as well as within our parts and service business. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks declined 35% in the third quarter compared to a year ago but rose 119% sequentially. Year-to-date, our market share is 33% driven by the continued strong performance of our products in the field. Production of medium-duty trucks decreased by 33% in the third quarter compared to a year ago but increased 76% from second quarter levels. We continue to maintain our clear market share leadership in the medium-duty truck market with over 80% of new trucks powered by Cummins powertrains in 2020. 
Total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers increased 4% compared to a year ago and included a catch-up in production by our OEM partner after an extended second quarter shutdown. Demand in domestic bus markets remained weak in the third quarter with sales down 24% driven by lower demand from both transit and school bus customers.
In domestic off-highway markets, engine sales for construction equipment decreased by 47% driven by lower demand by rental fleets who went through a significant replenishment cycle in 2018 and 2019. Revenues for power generation equipment fell by 7% with lower demand in backup power markets. Demand for engines in oil and gas markets declined by 80%. 
Now I'll turn to our international markets. International revenues were flat in the third quarter of 2020 compared to a year ago. Third quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.7 billion, an increase of 46% compared to a year ago driven by continued strong demand in both truck and construction markets. In the third quarter, industry demand for medium and heavy-duty trucks in China increased by 74% compared to a year ago. While demand declined sequentially, which is normal in the third quarter for China, total industry production was the highest on record for any third quarter. Demand continues to be driven by improved levels of freight activity and government policies supporting the scrapping of old NS3 trucks. 
Our market share was 17% in the quarter, up from 16% in the third quarter of 2019 driven by increased truck market share of our partner, Foton, along with higher utilization of our engine in Foton trucks, which now stands at over 80%. Industry sales of light-duty trucks increased by 49% in the third quarter, and our market share was 9%, up from 7% last year. Our increased market share was driven by improved truck market share at Foton as well as increased use of our engines at JAC. 
While new NS VI regulations come into effect for all markets in China next July, there are certain cities and applications where these regulations are already in place. 12 of our NS VI engine models are now in production, including our entire light-duty portfolio as well as our leading 6.7- and 12-liter products. We have shipped over 50,000 NS VI-compliant units so far in 2020 and are seeing strong acceptance of our new engines. In addition, we are now selling our automated manual transmissions into the Chinese market and are on track to sell over 1,000 Endurant AMTs by the end of the year. 
Third quarter demand for excavators in China increased by 57% from a year ago. The central government is encouraging increased levels of borrowing by local municipalities to support investment in infrastructure and housing projects. So far this year, over $500 billion in local government loans have been issued, targeting infrastructure projects and resulting in increased excavator demand. Our market share was 16% this quarter compared to 15% a year ago driven by the strong performance of our domestic OEM customers. 
Demand for power generation equipment in China was flat compared to a year ago with increased demand from data center customers, offset by weaker demand for standby power. 
Third quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $295 million, a reduction of 14% from the third quarter a year ago. Industry truck sales in India decreased 47%, while power generation sales declined by 45%. While demand in India remains at very low levels, we did see industry truck sales more than triple compared to second quarter levels. While credit availability remains tight, certain segments of the truck market, especially those tied to construction, are seeing a recovery in demand driven by government stimulus for infrastructure. Cummins is well positioned to benefit from our recovery in Indian markets, both because of our leading market position as well as the incremental content we have on engines that meet BS VI on-highway emission standards, which became effective in April. 
Outside of India and China, we saw year-over-year revenue declines of 8% in Europe and 15% in Latin America, primarily due to lower truck production, compared to the second quarter sales -- compared to second quarter sales increased by 25% in Europe and increased by 102% in Latin America as OEMs resume truck production in both regions. 
Global sales of mining engines declined 39% compared to a year ago. Demand remains stable among copper and iron ore miners, while sales related to coal mining remain low. 
I also wanted to discuss our aftermarket revenues during this quarter. Sales of parts declined by 12% in our Engine business and 14% in our Power Systems business. 
Parts sales remain depressed in our Power Systems business due to low demand in oil and gas markets as well as lower rebuild activity in mining markets. In our Engine business, parts sales were down 12% year-over-year but increased 20% sequentially. Compared to last year, we are seeing weaker demand in bus markets and the parts for older-model trucks. Parts demand for current on-highway truck engines are flat with last year. 
While demand increased from second quarter levels across most of our end markets, we remain cautious about future demand increases due to the continued spread of COVID-19 in most countries outside of Asia. And while we are encouraged by continued strong demand in China and improving fundamentals in North American truck markets, industry backlogs remain at modest levels. We currently expect consolidated company revenues in the fourth quarter to be similar to third quarter levels with higher demand in North American truck markets and continued improvement in aftermarket sales, partially offset by lower demand in China. We continue to expect that the pace of market recovery will differ from region to region and may change based on government actions, both to control the spread of COVID-19 or to stimulate their economies and build business and consumer confidence. 
We continue working hard to support our end users and build our -- build strong OEM relationships during this period. In August, we announced the extension of our medium and heavy-duty truck engine partnership with Navistar. Cummins will continue to supply engines for Navistar's medium and heavy-duty trucks as well as for bus applications through the end of 2026, extending our 80-year relationship with Navistar. 
Through the development and introduction of new products, we continue to reduce the emissions levels of our products while increasing fuel economy. This includes the launch of our full product lineup for 2021 EPA regulations in North America, NS VI regulations in China and BS VI regulations in India. We are encouraged by the performance and market acceptance of these products that are already in the field. 
We also continue to focus on supporting our customers in their transition to carbon-neutral technologies. Our revenues doubled in our New Power segment this quarter, and we are excited to share more about how we expect our hydrogen production and fuel cell business to develop at Cummins Hydrogen Day on November 16. We hope you all will be able to attend this virtual event. 
Now let me turn it over to Mark to discuss our financial performance this quarter, including our record operating cash flow. Mark?

Yes, Steve.

Yes. it's Tom. I mean just to make sure I get the -- you get the math right. So our view is that we are already in double digits while facing -- yes, we had some cost -- temporary cost measures that helped, but we had way more headwinds with regard to both sales and then parts and service decline. So our view is that we are on our plan despite pretty heavy headwinds. So we are not only feeling good about where we are, but we're more confident than ever that we're going to be in double-digit margins from now forward. 
So again, there -- you can imagine some scenarios with COVID that would make us so you might have a quarter or 2 that weren't. But broadly speaking, our view is the restructuring step has gotten better than we expected. So we -- as Tony said, that was our target, and we feel like we're ahead of target. 
So that's just -- on the cash side, I'll let Mark fill in some more, but I mean broadly speaking, we've definitely acted conservatively from a balance sheet this year to protect ourselves against the worst potential outcomes, economic outcomes from the pandemic. So we shored up the balance sheet with our debt offering, low-cost financing. 
Our cash flow has improved dramatically. So we feel good about the position the company is in and expect, barring some significant change in economic conditions, to return to our cash flow plans that we've been operating under for many years. So our plan is to go back to returning as a normalized level half of our cash flow in dividends and share buybacks. We still have to take all that stuff to the Board. We have to finish our planning work for next year. There's a lot of work left to do. And of course, there's still a pandemic. So we'll keep watching and paying attention. But right now, as we see it, that's where we're headed. Mark, I don't know what you would add.

Tony?

I think -- it's Tom. I can step in on that. I mean, for sure, in the second quarter, we were on pause a little bit, making sure that our balance sheet was shored up, that with all the potential outcomes, we took a pause. But things -- as I mentioned to Jamie's question, I think things have begun to normalize, at least economically, to a place where we feel pretty secure in our balance sheet. And we're looking at restarting our cash flow return, and we will -- of course, we have continued actively looking at the strategic areas where acquisitions would be interesting to us. 
You probably recall from our previous calls or Investor Day that we kind of start with strategy first, acquisition second. So we think through what are the areas that we'd like to expand in, and we've talked about those before. But they're all the areas where we feel like our competitive advantages, the things that we bring in terms of technology, global footprint, supply chain, that sort of thing help us move forward. And then, of course, our new technology areas, the acquisitions like we did with Hydrogenics and the battery companies, those were to add new capabilities. So we're continuing to look in those same areas. 
I think maybe the one comment I would make is that I expected, given the disruption, for valuations to be lower today. So I was -- as you -- kind of like the basis of your question, I expected maybe disruption would cause valuations to drop out a little bit. That's actually not happened so much. It doesn't mean that it won't happen, but -- and it's maybe because of the private equity dollars are so large. But I would say as we look around using a disciplined method to look at what acquisition would mean for our company, I still see acquisition prices relatively lofty. 
So we'll continue to look, and we're continuing to talk to people and look for the right thing. But we will just -- we'll remain disciplined and look for the right things at the right price. And if we find it, we'll act. And if we don't, we'll return more cash to shareholders, just like we planned.

Jerry, here's the thing. I would say that every customer that we're talking to is doing exactly the pencil sharpening calculations that you talked about. It's a really different environment than it was 10 or 15 years ago where the calculations were maybe the opposite about how to backward integrate more. Mostly what I hear is maybe backward integrate less. But that said, there's no deal till there's a deal, right? 
So again, I can't really preannounce or suggest anyone who's going to go because they're tough -- they're difficult decisions for them to figure out what they want to continue and what they don't. I feel very optimistic that we'll play an increasing role with our major customers on selling them more diesel engines, providing them more components technology in the future than the past. So I expect market share increase in the future based on the fact that they will decide that their money is best spent elsewhere.
Exactly where and when, again, I just -- I can't get ahead of my customers on those conversations, but we're talking with everybody about it. We're excited about it. And they have a lot of strategic considerations to make as do we, so these conversations are complicated and take time. But anyway, there you are. We're in it, for sure, and we're -- and I'm confident that we will win increased share.

And Jerry, as Tony says, we are encouraged by the truck market. I mean, as you guys have said to us, the -- all of our customers are projecting stronger volumes, which is great for us. So I guess we're always cautious because that's how we live. But nonetheless, we are encouraged by their comments, and they're very close to the market. They're watching their fleet customers and what they're ordering, and we're hearing good things from the fleets, too. So yes, we are very encouraged. 
In China, while we expect seasonal demand, we don't expect a gigantic drop-off. We just expect seasonal demand, normal. It's just the thing is flying so high now that -- again, we just remain cautious. So just don't hear from us discouragement. We are -- the markets are going well, and we're surprised and pleased by how strong they are, and we're encouraged by those. We're just trying to make sure that we balance our enthusiasm with the cautious attitude that's appropriate for a global pandemic.

David, this is Tom. As you kind of think through the model, the numbers for this year are so high in the truck market. This is what Mark's saying that, right now, it's just hard for us to do that, the winning of one or the other because we know what the content is. We know who we've won the share with. We even have forecast for how we think it converts over to NS VI and what growth we see in transmissions. 
The challenge is just what's the overall market going to be. And we were wrong this year. I mean just to say it straight out, we had pretty balanced assumptions about how well this year would be, and we've been wrong every single quarter on the low side. It's been better than every single quarter. So that's why we're just a little gun-shy about doing the overall balance for you. We will do it, of course, when we get done with fourth quarter earnings. But I just would say that we're hopeful that we can offset a downturn with a lot of these other content pieces, but it just depends on how big the slope down is.

You're right, David. It is an open question, and I appreciate your comments, and I do acknowledge that I have been calling it down more than it has been. So I'll just take that one and accept it. That hasn't been right. And so anyway, I think it's a good point you raise.

Yes. And we hope the volume being higher in the North America truck market is net positive towards incremental margins, too. It's a good market for us. And we're operating at a reasonably efficient level, especially given all the challenges with COVID. We're operating at a good level on North American truck market, so we're hopeful that, that also helps us some.

And Ross, maybe just stepping back, I would just say that from a mining point of view, I don't think we see it as a structurally challenged market. Well, it's challenged in the following sense. There tends to be over shots and under shots a lot in the market. You know that well, and you know a lot of mining companies overshot by a lot in the last cycle and really got knocked back hard. And so needless to say, they're all being careful not overshooting now, which has meant that equipment buying has been more muted, even in good markets, than it was in the previous cycle. So our expectation of the cycle was that it wasn't going to be as good as the last one. I'm sure enough it hasn't been at all. 
And of course, just general economic demand being dampened, confidence in future demand being dampened by the pandemic has meant that mining is indeed slow. And I think it really won't get a lot stronger until there's confidence built in global economic growth, which means the end of the pandemic. I mean really, I just don't see a way that it changes. 
Energy is a whole another conversation, and energy has a lot more structural challenge to it, but I'm not the right one to answer it. As you say, we have a participation there, not a huge one. And so I think it's better for someone else to comment on that, but it looks more structurally challenged to me than some of the other markets.

And let me add my thanks to James. I really appreciate your attention. I'm sorry that I did not invite my dog to this quarterly call. I'll try to include her on future calls, but it was nice to have a noise-free call. Thank you very much for your attention. Bye-bye.