Thank you, Mark. Good morning. I'll start with a summary of our first quarter results and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2018. Pat will then take you through more details of both our first quarter financial performance and our forecast for the full year. 
Revenues for the first quarter of 2018 were $5.6 billion, an increase of 21% compared to the first quarter of 2017. EBITDA was $700 million or 12.6% compared to $705 million or 15.4% a year ago. During the first quarter, the company recorded a pretax charge of $187 million for the expected cost of a product campaign. The charge was shared between the Engine and Components segments. This voluntary campaign is part of a proactive plan to address the performance of an aftertreatment component in certain on-highway products produced between 2010 and 2015 in North America. 
We disclosed in our third quarter 2017 earnings release that we identified an issue caused by the degradation in performance of this aftertreatment component and that further analysis was required to understand the extent of the problem and the appropriate remedy. The product campaign recorded in the first quarter represents the next step in our process to proactively address this aftertreatment degradation issue. We are working collaboratively with the regulatory agencies, and we will need to get agreement from the agencies to finalize our action plans, and only then will we know the full cost and timing to resolve the problem. 
The charge of $187 million reflects our best estimate of the cost of implementing our proposed plan. We have also estimated a range of additional costs should the regulatory agencies ask us to replace more aftertreatment hardware than our proposed plan, which we believe to be between $0 and $400 million in the worst case. It's important to note that this issue does not affect our current products, which are performing very well, and our market share remains strong. 
Excluding the charge for the campaign, EBITDA for the first quarter was $887 million or 15.9%, reflecting an incremental margin of 19%. Strong operating performance in our manufacturing plants, positive pricing and the benefits of material cost-reduction initiatives all contributed to the improved performance. 
Engine business revenues improved by 21% in the first quarter compared to a year ago. Increased production and strong market share in North America truck markets and strong demand from global construction customers, especially in China and North America, drove most of the growth. EBITDA for the quarter was 11.7% compared to 13.5% for the same period in 2017 due to $93 million of costs recorded in the quarter for the product campaign. Excluding the campaign, EBITDA was 15.5%, reflecting an incremental margin of 25% year-over-year. Improved pricing, strong performance from our manufacturing plants and lower operating expense as a percent of sales drove the margin expansion. 
Sales for the Distribution segment grew by 13% year-over-year, driven by higher demand for new engines, parts and service in off-highway markets. First quarter EBITDA was 6.6% compared to 7.9% in the first quarter of 2017. EBITDA percent declined due to lower earnings in Africa and the Middle East as a result of weak demand and currency volatility and a lower mix of part sales in North America. We do expect EBITDA to improve in dollars and as a percent of sales in the second quarter as a result of stronger part sales, targeted price increases and cost-control measures. 
First quarter revenues for the Components segment rose by 30%. Sales in North America increased 35%, and revenues in international markets grew by 25% as a result of rising market demand, strong market share and the success of new products aimed at lowering emissions. Sales of the Eaton Cummins Automated Transmission business contributed 9% to segment growth. 
EBITDA for the first quarter was 12.9% compared to 16.1% in the same quarter a year ago and declined due to a charge of $94 million related to the product campaign. Excluding the campaign charge, EBITDA was 18.3%, reflecting an incremental margin of 26%. The improved margins resulted from strong operational performance and the benefits of material cost-reduction programs. 
Power Systems sales in the first quarter grew 22% year-over-year, driven primarily by an increase in engine and part sales to mining and oil and gas customers. Sales of power generation products improved year-over-year for the third straight year -- third straight quarter, excuse me. EBITDA in the first quarter was 13.2% compared to 9.6% a year ago, resulting in an incremental margin of 30%. The benefits of stronger volumes, cost-reduction programs, better execution on power generation projects and stronger joint venture earnings in China all contributed to the margin expansion. 
In the first quarter, we reported results of our Electrified Powertrain business for the first time. EBITDA was a loss of $10 million for the first quarter, and losses will increase in subsequent quarters this year as we accelerate our investments in new product programs. 
Now I will comment on the performance in some of our key markets for the first quarter of 2018, starting with North America. Our revenues in North America grew 22% in the first quarter, primarily due to higher levels of truck production; growth in sales of construction equipment; and increased demand for engines for mining, oil and gas and power generation customers. 
Industry production of North American heavy-duty trucks grew 44% in the first quarter of 2018 while sales of our heavy-duty engines increased 48%. Our market share through February was 34%, up 2% from last year. Production of medium-duty trucks improved 9% in the first quarter while our engine shipments grew 26%. Our market share in the medium-duty truck market was 82% through February, up 70 -- from 75% a year ago. Total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers decreased 22% compared to a year ago due to a short-term adjustment in production by one of our OEM customers. 
Engine sales for construction equipment in North America increased 47% in the first quarter, reflecting increased customer confidence. Sales from engine shipments to high-horsepower markets in North America rose 79% compared to a year ago, driven by higher demand from oil and gas and mining customers. Revenues for power generation grew by 6% due to higher demand in the data center and recreational vehicle markets. 
Our international revenues increased by 20% in the first quarter of 2018 compared to a year ago. First quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.2 billion, a decrease of 3% due to lower sales in on-highway markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China increased by 9% compared to a year ago. Our OEM partners underproduced relative to the market in the first quarter, and our share dipped to 12% from 14%. We expect the first quarter to mark the low point for our market share, with improvement expected in subsequent quarters. 
Industry sales of light-duty truck grew by 7% in the first quarter, and our engine market share was 7%. Demand for excavators in the third (sic) [ first ] quarter increased 48% from a year ago in China. Our market share increased by 3% to 13%, driven by strong performance by our customers, including LiuGong and Hyundai. 
Revenues for our Power Systems business in China increased 57% due to growth in engine shipments to mining customers and higher demand for power generation equipment for data centers. 
First quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $581 million, an increase of 43% from the first quarter a year ago due to growth in on- and off-highway markets and strong sales of new products in our Components business. Industry truck production increased 18% year-over-year, driven by growing industrial activity and government investments to develop infrastructure. Our market share in the quarter was 42%, up 300 basis points compared to the same period last year, largely due to strong market acceptance of our engine system technology for the Bharat Stage IV emissions regulations introduced last year. Our penetration at Tata rose to 90% in the quarter, with both Tata and Cummins benefiting from strong product performance relative to the competition. Power generation revenues also grew 6%. In Brazil, our revenues increased by 46%, primarily due to a moderately recovering economy, resulting in improved demand for trucks and compared to a weak 2017. 
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2018 and then comment on individual regions and end markets. We are now forecasting total company revenues for 2018 to be up 10% to 14%, increasing our prior guidance of up 4% to 8%, reflecting a stronger outlook for truck production in North America, India and Brazil and increased demand from mining and oil and gas customers. We've raised our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North America to 286,000 units, up 29% compared to 2017 and above our prior guidance of 266,000 units. We expect our market share to be between 31% and 34%, unchanged from our view last quarter. 
In the medium-duty truck market, we are maintaining our forecast for industry production to reach 124,000 units, up 5% year-over-year, and we expect our market share to be in the range of 72% to 75%, also unchanged. We expect our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be flat for the full year compared to a very strong 2017. 
In China, we expect domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be down 2% compared to our previous guidance of being down 5% in 2018. We have raised our outlook for medium- and heavy-duty truck market demand slightly to 1.2 million units from 1.15 million, representing a 10% decline from 2017. In the light-duty truck market, we expect demand to be flat in 2018, in line with our previous guidance. We expect our market share in the medium- and heavy-duty truck market to be 14%, and in the light duty, we expect our share to be 8%, both up from first quarter levels. 
In India, we expect total revenues, including joint ventures, to be at least 20% year-over-year relative to our previous guidance of up 15% due to stronger truck demand. In Brazil, we now forecast truck production to increase 9% in 2018, up from our previous forecast of no growth. We expect our global high-horsepower engine shipments to increase 30%, up from our previous forecast of 10% growth, reflecting strong demand from mining and oil and gas customers and rising demand for power generation equipment. 
In summary, we've more than doubled our sales growth outlook for the year to 10% to 14%. And excluding the charge for the product campaign, we revised our forecast for EBITDA to be in the range of 16.2% to 16.6%, reflecting a full year incremental EBITDA margin of 28%. Demand in several of our core markets is improving. Our products are performing well, and we are excited about the investments we are making for the future. During the quarter, we've returned $341 million in cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, consistent with our plan to return 50% of operating cash flow to shareholders. 
Now let me turn it over to Pat.

I think, Andy, just from my point of view, too, I -- this is Tom talking, by the way. I -- we wanted to make sure that the investors could at least put a box around what we think the total size could be. We have taken, as we have to, we have taken the accrual for what we think is the best estimate for what it will cost us across all this work. But because the agencies have the right to ask us to do other things, we have to be -- and we will have to respond to that. We want to make sure that investors could -- after some quarters of uncertainty, which is not terrific, we want to make sure at least people could put a box around it. Again, we are very -- we think our plan is a good one. That's why we're proposing it. And we intend to take care of customers as well as take care of the environment. That's kind of our commitment to both. So we're acting proactively on that. But again, just to try to make sure you've -- everyone had a box to put it in. And again, we are working really aggressively, and we expect to be through these discussions relatively quickly, in 6 months or less. So hopefully, we'll have all of it behind us. But again, it's not -- we are now at a spot where we are confident we can address this problem proactively. It will have minimal impact on customers. And our products are performing well in the field. It's not going to impact the company's future or our ability to carry out our strategy plans. So that's -- we're feeling good about that.

No, the $400 million is not trying to sum up everything in the past. It's trying to say, "Here's the maximum exposure that we could see in a worst case for what -- our actions going forward."

Yes.

So the $187 million is what we've already booked and the old ones we've already booked. And we're saying this is the maximum future exposure in addition to what we booked in this quarter and previous quarters.

Thanks, Jamie. I'll let Rich take the second one. I'll take the first one. So this charge, along with all similar charges related to quality of our products, we take directly against our variable comp. So our view is our management and our people are responsible for producing quality products. When we have to take a charge against our quality, we take the charge -- we take the hit in our bonus and other plans. So we will take -- this accrual we took this quarter and previous ones all count against us in both our 1-year compensation plans as well as our 3-year compensation plans.

Noah, this is Tom. It's a great question. As you said, price-cost is really the struggle for industrial companies, but I think we're in really good position on that. We are now -- as we showed in this forecast, we're expecting quite significant improvement in incremental margins. So we -- again, we think we're doing well there. We mentioned as we came into this year that we're going to have -- we have benefits on warranty. The warranty rates this year relative to last year are improving. We've got strong incremental margins in our plants in both the Power Systems business and the Engine business, and you saw it very strong in the Components already. So we feel like we're not only doing well in incremental margins, but they're getting better as the year goes on, both because we're able to get some pricing and we're moving costs down. So that -- so we're feeling pretty good about that. Again, one way you might want to think about our incremental margins is to, again, even taking out the product campaign, if you also looked at the costs associated with the Eaton Cummins joint venture and the new electrification view, which are sort of long-term investments, if you take those out, you'd get a like-for-like comparison on incremental margins across the years. And I think, again, you'll find not only was Q1 good but the rest of the year looks very strong relative to Q1.

Sure. I'll comment a little bit on electrification, and I'll let maybe Rich talk about Eaton Cummins and AMT. So on electrification, as you said, we did touch down revenue a little bit. That just reflects, basically, the rate of new product introduction and acceptance as you -- very low level. Our product -- our programs are still going well. We're just very early days. And really, the big launches come sort of the end of next year. We'll see some -- that's where our new electrified powertrain gets launched in the buses. And so -- but we're feeling really good about where we stand. We've got small products going into forklifts. We've got these bigger powertrains going into buses. We're clearly -- we're talking to nearly every customer out there about electrified power in some way. So our position from a few years ago, where we have a lot of work in the lab and a lot of really good ideas to where we've got a pretty significant position now in the market in terms of what we're planning to offer and who we're working with, I think, has been a really good change and really good transition. Now of course, we've got to launch the products and see successes in them, so that's our big focus over the next 2 years or 1.5 years. So Rich, let me turn this to you.

Yes. Thanks, Steve. Yes, it hasn't really changed our strategic thinking. The -- as you say, the cash flow and balance sheet is manageable. That's a little bit why we wanted to make sure we put a box around even the worst case. And again, we have a clear view about what we want to do, but we want to make sure everyone saw the worst case. It goes out over 2 or 3 years. We feel very, very good about where our strategic position is. But again, the way that we've been thinking about this, we talked about in previous quarters, is that the complexity of the systems that we're offering is pretty high, and the quality tools that we're using have needed to get more sophisticated as a result. So we've been making significant investments in using analytics and other things to get a better system view of the quality of our products, which we think is reflected in the products we're launching today. And we'll continue to enhance those quality tools as we go forward. And again, from a strategy point of view, it's difficult. We feel frustrated and disappointed with, obviously, with the cost of this quality campaign. But again, we are pushing on the cutting edge of offering systems that meet emissions: very, very stringent emissions targets, have very, very strong fuel economy and high levels of performance at the edge of -- at the very edge of technology. And I think part of what we're trying to do is make sure that we stay at the edge there while improving our quality costs, and that's a tough deal. I mean, that's not going to be easy, and that's why a lot of people aren't going to make the journey. And we think, by getting better in those capabilities, we can stay in it and make good returns for our shareholders by getting better at the sort of execution, small details of being there at that edge of technology. So that's the way we're thinking about it strategically. And it's a -- the harder the challenge, the less people want to do it. And so from strategy point of view, that's a good thing as long as we can make -- continue to improve how our system quality goes out the door and how customers experience our products.

Yes. There are -- as you guessed, there is still competition for M&A today. There's [ a lot of ] players in the market. Valuations are still relatively high. Money, while getting a little bit more expensive, is still pretty cheap. So there's no question that the cost of acquisitions still -- especially if we were going to maintain the ROIC discipline that we intend to, that's going to play into it. We're going to have to be thoughtful about how that goes, and that remains a challenge. But again, we continue to think about our strategy first, where do we think Cummins can bring our capabilities into a new market, adjacent market and using capabilities we already have and leveraging them so that we can -- whatever we acquire or joint venture with, we can add value to it so that we can pay for the acquisition price as well as try to get an attractive one. And that, of course, limits the field, right? That means there's only so many things that are going to work, and we're making sure that we maintain patience with that. We are looking at a lot of things though. There are things to look at that are pretty interesting. And so we're just trying to put those together. I feel better about it now than I have in the past. I mean, it was -- the prices, while still high, are not nearly as bad as when we started looking at them. So I'm optimistic that they're beginning to come into the range where we think we could make it work.

Thanks for that question, Alex. So I would say that we do believe that -- kind of to follow-on to Steve's question, that, indeed, many of our customers are looking forward at the market and saying where do they want to place their investments strategically. Do they want -- they've got a lot of challenges in front of them, autonomous vehicles, electronic -- electrified vehicles, all of the investments they need to make for just the truck -- making the truck work, telematics, you name it. And then now with the challenges for diesels in some of the European cities, they're asking themselves, "How much investment do I want to make?" And the light-duty side is the most challenged. It's one that had the most likely substitution from electrified powertrains. So again, each investment they make there, they're wondering how many more diesels they're going to sell. So if we have a product that's relevant to what they are trying to do, they're much more likely to buy from us than do it themselves these days than they were, say, 10 years ago. So we believe that this is a trend that will continue, where OEMs will continue to wonder how many more investments, how many more platforms in the light-duty space. And even in the medium-duty space, do I really want to make, given I could buy this from Cummins and I would, therefore, not have to make that investment and I can focus on my vehicle instead? So again, we'll see how it goes, but we are talking to a lot of people about that and more people than we were talking to, for sure, 5 or 10 years ago.

Yes. Joe, I think we would agree with that caution. I think if we just look at the truck equipment purchases versus what we perceive trucking to be -- growth rates to be doing and freight rates and everything. It just doesn't seem like the same rate of growth in the -- from the previous year can hold. So that's why we sort of forecasted it tipping over and heading down. A couple of things that have driven a little stronger truck performance in the first quarter was more construction, which we, of course, we saw in the excavator numbers. So dumper sales increased a lot, which is, again, one of the reasons that our OEMs kind of underproduced relative to the market. That's not their big segment, the dumper market. Those tend to be bigger displacement engines and older technology. But nonetheless, those sales were really quite good in the first quarter, the dumper sales so -- again, which is towards construction market. So I think what we're seeing in China is, yes, there is -- the equipment being purchased for just on-highway trucking is likely to level out or head down. At least, that's our expectation. We'll see what happens, but that's our expectation. But this construction market is definitely buoying the market. It's better than we expected, and it's great news. I mean, we're seeing much -- a lot of good demand for construction engines as well as these off-highway kind of dumper sort of truck engines.

Joel, thanks for that question. Not delicate, it's fine. Our -- we're pretty small in the rail market overall. If you just kind of think about rail globally, we're a pretty small player, and we have participated essentially in the diesel part of the rail rather than the diesel/electric side, which was driving much larger engines. And again, that trend has continued. So we have had a segment that we participate in. Now the introduction of the Hedgehog engine got us into more of that, but still, we're really just getting into it. And I think what's helped us get a little bit of a toehold there has been the fact that we were ready with our Tier 4 engines before other people, and I think our solution's better. It's a better long-term total cost of ownership, and so we have a bit of an advantage. We don't have the same advantage of being a large player already in the market. Everybody knows our product and, therefore, long history. So I still think it's -- while we're excited about it because it's incrementally larger for us, it's still a small piece of the market. And I think if we don't add more products to our portfolio, that's kind of where we'll play, sort of on the edge of the market, trying to grow our position with the business we have but not a big player in the overall scheme of things globally.

This is Tom Linebarger. Thanks for that. 
I just want to make a couple concluding remarks, especially given the fact that we were finally able to put a box around that product campaign. And obviously, we're really disappointed about the financial exposure, and we know that it's not the first one we've done in the last 2 years. It's been a series of them. And again, as you'd guess, we feel disappointed and personally accountable for that. And we are, as we talked about in the call, working really hard to make sure that we do not see a repeat of that. And of course, that's what we think the core of our business is. 
The good news looking forward, though, is we do have a box around this. We do have a proposed plan. We will get the full plan resolved in the next 6 months or something like that, and it's not going to impact either the long-term performance of the company or our strategy. So we -- and it's not impacting customers today. 
Customers today are experiencing great quality, good-performing engines and continue to see Cummins as the technology of choice. 
We've raised our outlook for this year. Again, it will be a second terrific year for the company. Our sales growth forecast has now doubled. Our incremental margins are strong. Our businesses are performing well. We had -- 3 of our 4 had terrific incremental margins in Q1. The DBU, while not as good, we'll see much improved margins in the next 3 quarters. So we feel like we are in a really good position to generate strong cash flows and strong earnings this year and our strategy's right on track. 
So I just want to make sure that everyone knew that about what we feel about where the company, is we feel like we're moving right towards strength here. And we're very optimistic about this year. And we're going to get this emissions issue behind us, and customers are still going to see Cummins as the technology of choice. So thanks very much.