Thank you, Mark. Good morning. I'll start with a summary of our third quarter results and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2018. Pat will then take you through more details of both our third quarter financial performance and our forecast for this year.
We delivered strong quarterly sales and record profits in the third quarter. Revenues were $5.9 billion, an increase of 12% compared to the third quarter of 2017, with growth in all of our operating segments and most major geographic markets. EBITDA was a record $983 million or 16.5% of sales compared to $788 million or 14.9% of sales a year ago.
Engine business revenues increased 17% compared to a year ago due to strong demand in on-highway markets in North America and growth in construction, both in China and North America. EBITDA for the quarter was 14.9% of sales compared to 11.8% a year ago. EBITDA percent increased with the impact of higher material costs, more than offset by the benefit of higher volumes, improved pricing and lower warranties.
Sales for our Distribution segment grew by 10% year-over-year, driven by higher demand for new engines and for parts and service in off-highway markets. Third quarter EBITDA was 8% of sales compared to 6.8% in the third quarter of 2017. EBITDA percent and dollars have improved throughout 2018 because of targeted price increases and cost-control measures.
Third quarter revenues for the Components segment rose by 14%, sales in North America increased 25% and revenues in international markets grew 2%. Increased truck build rates in North America along with sales from the automated transmission business drove domestic growth. International sales increased, as strength in European truck markets offset lower demand in China. The automated transmission business contributed 5% to segment growth.
EBITDA for the third quarter in the Components segment was a record $288 million or 16.4% of sales compared to 16.9% in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA margin declined due to the dilutive effect of the automotive transmission business, which reached its 1-year anniversary in the third quarter. 
The share of heavy-duty trucks in North America with an automated transmission has risen steadily over last year, with adoption rates now at 73% in new trucks. Fuel economy benefits and improvement in drivability have led to the strong adoption of the technology, and Eaton Cummins is the market share leader in North America. 
Power Systems sales in the quarter -- third quarter grew 5% year-over-year, with higher demand for power generation equipment and an increase in sales to oil and gas customers, partially offset by a reduction in marine revenues. EBITDA in the third quarter was 14.7% of sales compared to 10.5% a year ago, driven by the positive impact of higher sales and the benefits of previous restructuring actions.
In our electrified powertrain business, third quarter EBITDA was a loss of $30 million. There's a strong customer interest in our technology, and we are actively developing products for urban and shorter-range applications, where we expect the quickest adoption of this technology.
Now I will comment on the performance in some of our key markets for the third quarter of 2018, starting with North America, and then I will cover some of our largest international markets. Our revenues in North America grew 17% in the third quarter due to growth in demand in most end markets and ramp-up of the automated transmission business. Industry production of North American heavy-duty trucks grew 23% in the third quarter of 2018, while sales of our heavy-duty engines increased by 30%. Our year-to-date market share through August was 34%, up 1.5% from last year. 
Demand in the medium-duty truck market remains near record levels, with industry production of medium-duty trucks improving 24% in the third quarter and up 17% year-to-date. Our market share in the medium-duty truck market is 81% year-to-date through August, up from 79% a year ago. 
Total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers increased 17% compared to a year ago and are on track to be flat for the full year. 
Engine sales for construction equipment in North America increased 36% in the third quarter, reflecting general strength in the economy and a 6% increase in U.S. construction spend. Engine sales to high-horsepower markets in North America were flat compared to a year ago. Higher demand from oil and gas customers was offset by lower marine sales, while mining revenues were flat. Current oil prices will support continued investment in fracking, an important market for us in North America. While fundamentals for this market remain strong, we have seen OEMs reduce their orders in the second half 2018 due to pipeline constraints in the Permian Basin, impacting the ability to increase production.
Revenues for power generation grew by 10% due to higher demand in the global data center and North American recreational vehicle markets. Orders were above shipments for the third consecutive quarter, with industry supply chain challenges constraining production.
Our international revenues increased by 6% in the third quarter of 2018 compared to a year ago. Third quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.1 billion, a decrease of 7% due to lower sales in on-highway markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China decreased by 24% compared to a year ago, in line with our expectations. Year-to-date, our market share was 12% through September compared to 14% last year. Third quarter market share improved to 16% from 11% in the first half of the year, as we increased power penetration of our engines at our OEM partners. 
We continue to work diligently with our partners in preparation of new product launches for NS VI emission standards in 2019. For example, we recently received certification on our 12-liter heavy-duty engine, fitted with a Cummins fuel system, turbocharger and aftertreatment system, making the ISX12 the first heavy-duty engine certified to the NS VI standards in China.
Industry sales of light-duty trucks grew by 8% in the third quarter and our Engine market share was 7%, in line with our full year guidance. Demand for excavators in China in the third quarter increased 34% from a year ago. Our market share through September increased to 15%, up 1% year-over-year.
Revenues for our Power Systems business in China increased 8% due to growth in engine shipments to mining customers, higher demand for power generation equipment for data centers and increased sales into the domestic oil and gas market.
Third quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $543 million, an increase of 20% in the third quarter a year ago. Industry truck production increased 39% compared to a year ago, driven by strong economic growth and domestic infrastructure investment. Year-to-date, our market share is 40%, unchanged from 2017.
In Brazil, our revenues increased by 16%, primarily due to a recovering economy, resulting in improved demand for trucks compared to a weak 2017. Third quarter revenues were the strongest in 4 years.
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2018 and then comment on individual regions and end markets. We continue to forecast total company revenues for 2018 to be up 15% to 17%. We are maintaining our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North America at 286,000 units, up 29% compared to 2017. We continue to expect our market share to be at the high end of the market, market share range we gave of 31% to 34%. In the medium-duty truck market, we are maintaining our forecast for industry production to reach 133,000 units, up 13% year-over-year. We are increasing our market share expectations in this market to the top end of our prior guidance range of 75% to 78%. We continue to expect our Engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be flat for the full year compared to a very strong 2017 and at the highest level in 10 years.
In China, we expect domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be up 1%, unchanged from our prior guidance. We are maintaining our outlook for medium- and heavy-duty truck sales of 1.3 million units, 1% lower than 2017. Having said that, there is uncertainty about the demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China over the next 9 to 12 months. Given the impact of China's Blue Sky initiative, which includes certain incentives to replace older NS III trucks and the potential for a prebuy of NS V vehicles before the implementation of the more stringent NS VI regulation in the middle of 2019. Our year-to-date market share in the medium- and heavy-duty truck segment in China is 12% and we expect full year market share to be 12%, consistent with our prior forecast. In the light-duty truck market, we now expect growth of 10% in 2018, up from our previous guidance of 5%, primarily due to government policy changes designed to increase demand. In the light-duty truck market, we expect our full year's share to be 7%, consistent with our prior projection.
In India, we expect total revenues, including joint ventures, to be up 20% year-over-year, higher than our previous forecast of 18% due to higher outlook for truck demand. In July, the Indian government surprised the industry by introducing regulations that allow higher loads per vehicle. The new regulations caused a sharp decline in truck sales in July, followed by recovery in August and September. Underlying demand for trucks remain strong, and we expect the industry to produce a record number of trucks in 2018.
In Brazil, we continue to forecast truck production to increase 20% in 2018 compared to a weak 2017. Improved domestic demand for trucks in Brazil offset lower demand for exported Brazilian trucks in Argentina. We expect our global high-horsepower engine shipments to increase 20%, down from our previous forecast of 35% growth, with oil and gas shipments up 66% and mining shipments up 30%. These compare to our prior guidance of oil and gas up 100% and mining up 40%, respectively.
While Engine shipments growth has moderated from level seen in the first half of the year, we continue to benefit from higher rebuild and part sales due to the size and utilization of the engine population in the field. 
In summary, we have maintained our full year outlook and expect to deliver record sales, EBITDA, operating cash flow and earnings per share in 2018. Our full year EBITDA range of 14.8% to 15.2% represents incremental EBITDA margins of 20% at the midpoint, excluding impact of our 2 start-up businesses, automated transmission and electrified powertrains, but including the campaign and tariff-related costs. 
We expect tariff-related costs of $80 million in 2018, down from our previous estimate of $100 million, and our plans and estimated costs for the aftertreatment campaign in North America remain unchanged. Tariff-related costs in 2019 are expected to be $50 million more than our prior projections due to the finalization of Section 301 List 3, and we expect to offset the majority of the tariff costs through a combination of pricing and supply chain adjustments.
During the quarter, we delivered just under $1 billion of operating cash flow, allowing us to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. In Q3, we returned $682 million in cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, consistent with our plans to return 75% of operating cash flow this year. Our Board of Directors recently approved a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization, underscoring our plans to continue returning cash to shareholders in the future.
We also continue to actively pursue opportunities for acquisitions and partnerships that will add to our profitable growth while maintaining strong returns. Last week, we received regulatory approval for the previously announced purchase of Navistar's 50% equity of the JAC-Navistar Diesel Engine company. The new joint venture will continue its operations at its manufacturing facility at Hefei. Cummins already supply some light-duty midrange and heavy-duty engines to JAC motors for its domestic market in China as well as its global operations. This joint venture will continue offering leading NS V diesel engines and focus on developing new products to meet NS VI standards.
In October, we also announced that we've signed a letter of intent with Isuzu Motors to explore partnership opportunities in the powertrain area. We're optimistic that this partnership will result in increased growth and profitability for both companies.
With that, I would like to thank you for your interest today. We had a strong quarter. We're on track for record full year results, extending our track record of improving performance over prior cycles and continuing to return cash to shareholders. We are also making significant strides in executing our strategy to drive more profitable growth in the future.
Now let me turn it over to Pat.

Yes. The -- so let me just first talk about how the NS VI thing will play out. I'll ask Mark to comment a little bit on the numbers for each of the components and engines. But how the NS VI is going to go now is originally the plan was for 2020, with some cities going earlier and then the country going across to 2020. The Blue Sky initiative, which is China's effort to obviously, to reduce pollution and clean up the environment, many, many cities have pulled forward now. And the national implementation is now moved up to the middle of 2019. What will actually happen? What -- how it will be implemented across the country, cities versus the full country? I think there's still some uncertainty about that actually. I mean -- even though I would have said that they were locked down on the middle of 2019, I think given economic challenges and other things, I'm not as clear as I was then. So we'll see. We are driving our programs to be ready for the middle of 2019. In addition to that, they've also launched this program, I mentioned in my script, about offering incentives to turn in NS III vehicles. So if you have an older truck, you can get compensated for turning it in and purchasing a newer truck which, of course, is trying to drive older, more polluting trucks off the road. And that -- we're not sure what impact that's going to have on demand, but it has already had a positive impact on demand to date. So we'll see what happens over the next 9 to 12 months. There is also, of course, this general decline in the need for trucks given that the economy is not growing as strongly. So all of these factors are coming in together and that's why I mentioned in my remarks, it's just not clear to me, especially over the next 12 months, what demand is likely to do. Our opportunity, though, is pretty clear and we see both opportunities for market share gain and components addition into each of our engines that we sell, which represents a big sales growth opportunity for us. And Mark, you might want to highlight further numbers.

Yes. I guess to add to that we -- as you know, we've had a pretty strong program now over several years, and the restructuring benefits that we mentioned, we've been tracking over time, and those are now playing through. There's still some yet to get in the alternator business, but broadly speaking, we've worked through most of those restructuring activities and with volumes increasing, even when they're not as much as we originally expected in mining and oil and gas, we're still seeing benefits of higher volumes in a lower cost structure. That's fundamentally what's going on and why we're seeing improved margins.

Okay. Let me let Rich talk a little bit about markets. Since he's been putting together the plans, he's been paying pretty close attention to where markets are and then I'll come back and talk a little bit about the campaign.

And I'll let Rich comment more on the warranty and emissions campaign, but we do not expect the emissions campaign to repeat as a P&L item. Obviously, we have to still execute the campaign, so that's going to take -- happen over several years. But we do expect that we will not repeat the expenses there, so -- and that's the -- that was a big hit to us in 2018. So of our total warranty numbers, which were something like 4.1% for the year, 1.6% of that is this emissions campaign. So as Rich has talked about, we're kind of at this 2.5%, 2.4% level, and we're trying to drive that down. So as we put together the plan, we'll be trying to put a warranty plan together, and the actions that we're taking, we hope to drive that number down for 2019. We haven't finished our plan yet, so we will see where we come out, but we do not expect that significant hit of 1.6% to continue.

Steve, it's a great question. And what I'll do, just given time, is I'll try to give a reasonably short answer and then, obviously, we can talk more about it in Investor Day or through calls. But broadly speaking, we've got several major growth initiatives that which I laid out the last Investor Day, where we're looking for -- we have a set of candidates that we're looking for. It's not a gigantic universe. I mean we started with a big universe but we've really narrowed it down, the places that we'd like to grow through acquisition or partnership. And then what we're looking for is the opportunity to -- so that we could make that partnership or acquisition at a cost that we think drives positive return for shareholders and grow profitable growth for our company. And given asset prices and things, that's not that easy to do, right? And we're not -- we're just going to make sure that we get the right spot on that. And that's not a -- so it's not a gigantic universe. The second area that we're looking is in these new technology areas, we need to build capabilities. That's a very big universe. There's a lot of companies. But then again, we want to make sure that we're getting capabilities that add to the ones we have. And so we're -- that's the -- the example was that the battery companies we've purchased and just recently, EDI, very, very good acquisition. It's not very large in size but -- and as you mentioned, tend to have more technical capabilities than they have earnings. So those are kind of the ones that produce earnings in the future and basically produce expenses today. And then the third category is the partnerships you see with JAC and now this letter of intent we have with Isuzu, which are basically trying to make sure that in our core business, there is a lot of companies looking around trying to figure out what they're going to spend their investment on. And we want to make sure that as those companies think about investing less in diesel or natural gas or want some support on their new investments in electrification and other technologies, that they see us as a potential partner. So we are very active in that space. We have a discussion, at least I do at least twice a month, and I think Rich is about the same, with different, large OEMs around the world thinking about this issue. So that -- those are very active and there is a lot of potential partnerships there. And it's not a -- it's just the people in our industry, but those are very active discussions. So that's kind of the field. So in total, it's a pretty large set of potential. But each one's pretty focused on either building capabilities, forming partnerships to add to our base or looking for these particular growth opportunities at the right price. That -- those are kind of the combination of things we're looking for.

I would say this, that the partnerships that we form are, generally speaking, additive to earnings or neutral. The technology investments, for the most part, are not. And the other opportunities for growth I mentioned at the start, those would be additive to earnings significantly, but they're kind of -- they're just -- they're fewer and harder to do.

And so if you just kind of do the math, roughly speaking, Joe, I mean, we said we think there's kind of like an $80 million-ish kind of this year number and not that much opportunity to mitigate. Right? A little bit through pricing, a little bit through metal market, but not much because it's all delayed. Next year, it's $250 million for a full year number. Again, that's -- you're comparing a half year number with a full year number. But the full year number, $250 million. $100 million of it, we think we will address through metal market. Not everything happens on the first day of the year but it -- we think, will decrease it to 0 over the course of the year. And so you can kind of average that. And then of the $150 million, he's got $50 million mitigated now and then he is going to keep going. So if we think we have $80 million this year, we're something over $100 million right now without our secondary mitigation factor. So we're hoping to get the year-over-year number to be not much of an increase year-over-year. But it won't be 0 impact next year. But again, trying to get it down to a number that's not an -- not much of an increase over this year. And that's with piles more new tariffs coming in. So we're being as agile as we can on it and moving fast. But as you mentioned, not every -- things take time, so that's what we're trying to manage through.

Definitely, and that's a little bit -- when we were talking about profitability and when it reaches profitability, a part of that is the heavy-duty Endurant is doing terrifically well. Sales are growing well, but we're also investing in the JV. We're also investing in engineering. We're building out more versions of the transmission to meet more markets. And then also, we are looking at other markets around the world and medium-duty markets. So that -- we're very active in that. As you know, each market's kind of got their own plan for when the price reaches the customer point where they want to adopt. But our experience so far is once it does, it adopts pretty quickly. So I just got back from India, for example, and right now, I don't think the -- a full-blown AMT is really at the price point that the market will accept. But it's a matter of time, and I don't think it's a matter of a decade either. I think it's a matter of a couple of years before the fuel economy benefit begins to look like it works for a bunch of professional fleets that are growing there. So again, each market will be different, but we are positioning ourselves to be part of those markets as well -- developing country markets as well.

Yes. I mean, I guess generally speaking, the tariffs have not been good for Cummins. I'll just speak about that and then I'll come to the general economy in the following ways we just discussed. They've just driven up cost. They are just more taxes to Cummins as we try to -- because we are global company and we serve markets all over the world and we move parts back and forth. Again, we generally build in the regions that we sell. So it's not a -- we're not moving most of our products, but there is some number that where better to build in one place than all places. And of course, as we increase tariffs, it just means that we have less markets that we can serve from one place. For example, you know our light-duty engine 28 and 38 engines that we make in our Foton Cummins joint venture, we make several hundred thousand engines there. We have an opportunity to probably sell some of those in the U.S., a few thousand though. But with a big tariff, we don't. And so that's just an opportunity we probably won't be able to pursue, and we're not going to set up a plant for a few thousand. So that's a good example. I would also say that, in general, it appears to me that the Chinese companies that we compete with are not paying as much in the tax there because of currency weakening. In fact, their costs are not increasing at the same rate that ours are. So -- and generally speaking, I think we're becoming less competitive against them, not more. Having -- your specific question might have been more about demand in China though, and I would say that the economy in China, it is not growing at the same rate. How much of that has to do with the trade war versus all of the other trends in China is not at all clear to me. What we're not seeing is that the Chinese government or Chinese customers are yet saying, well, we're not going to buy from that American company or that American company. Which we're, of course, very fearful of. We don't know if and when that's going to happen, but we have not seen that at all yet so far. So that's a good thing. We are seeing decreased demand, as Rich said, in the truck market. And that the Blue Sky, all that stuff is kind of making things more complicated. It's hard to read the exact signal, but it looks like we're seeing decreased demand. But again, we can't tell what that's due to. I know that the Chinese government's worried though. And I know that some of their activities to promote in our industry are to kind of offset potential weakness from trade and other kind of economic weakening.

We can do -- we're going to have to do some math on that to get an exact...

Yes. It's a great question, and here's what -- you are right that the reason this year is up a little bit is because we purchased EDI. So the purchase of EDI just added more expenses, and since they weren't in a profit position when we acquired them, that just meant that our fourth quarter -- third and fourth quarters are a little higher in expense levels than we had originally intended. You remember, we laid out kind of our $500 million investment, which included R&D investment and acquisitions over 3 years. And we still think that's going to be roughly correct. We don't have exact numbers but -- because there's some moving parts, which I'll talk about, but that feels about right to us still. But to your P&L question, I do think the losses widen before they narrow. And I think that reflects the number of product programs and prototype and other demonstrator projects that we're doing. Because what -- essentially, it's a market that's burgeoning. I mean, it's being created as opposed to existing. So we're trying to basically ensure that customers -- OEM customers and end-user customers that are thinking about using electrification products think that Cummins is a good supplier for them. So if you just absent all of those demonstrators and all of those different kind of projects, then they don't think that you're a supplier. So we want to make sure that we're in those. But frankly, most people are ordering some number and then not ordering again for a while because the economics aren't perfect. The markets that look like they are ripe for actually buying some at some numbers are urban buses and then short-range vehicles, like things that work in warehouses and on ports. And so we are focusing -- overwhelmingly focusing our attention on those. So the launch that you mentioned, which you did have the timing right, end of 2019, beginning of 2020, is buses. And we have a launch again a year later, another version of the powertrain for buses. And then following right after that will be these other short-range vehicles. So we will be investing, and what's widening the expense is really the prototype demonstrators were down the road plus the investment in these product programs to make sure we're ready for production launch in those few markets. And then the revenue side is the side that's very difficult to say. So the hard part about calling the breakeven or cash breakeven in this business is we just don't know what the revenue side is. We know a bunch of bus fleets, big ones, that want to buy a lot of them. But we don't know the rate of adoption that goes more broadly across the bus market. It looks like to us like it's going to go pretty fast, but we just can't -- you just don't know and then you don't know how much you're going to win. So the breakeven point's kind of hard to predict. What is easy to predict is the loss is likely to widen a little bit before it goes. And I do expect to begin to earn revenues though, significant ones in the sense that they'll begin to offset some of these losses beginning in 2020 and probably more so and even in 2021, when we have multiple versions of our powertrain out for buses.

Precisely. Yes. So we'll be adding some engineering, but again, right now, we've got our programs in place and their funds [ have them going ]. So not a big change.

Yes. It's a good question. And there's basically 3 big areas that I think customers see us as an add in their powertrain strategy, including electrification, by the way, is that we have focused on the powertrain. And basically, at this point in time, most OEMs are looking for partners here. It's just very difficult to figure out how to invest in all the things they have to invest in, be it autonomous, new vehicles, meeting emissions in all of these locations, all the investments they need to make in capacity and different kinds of vehicles and then all the powertrains they need. I mean, most of them are going to do some powertrains. And even when they get to electrification, they're looking at this and saying, I need to be in it, but I need partners. I just don't think I can do it on my own. And I'm talking about partners from parts of the world that never wanted partners on anything. Those kind of people. Even they look at this and say, it's just too much. And so we are -- and we are playing our role we've always played, which is we will say and we'll do the bits -- the parts of this that you don't want to do. So we'll sell you components. We'll sell you engines. We'll sell you systems. We'll sell you parts of our battery system. We'll sell you all of it, et cetera. With regard to specific technologies within the electrification space, we've kind of laid out our focus areas. And we are definitely investing in battery packs, and our value proposition there is that we will develop battery packs that work for commercial vehicles. It doesn't mean that we won't use battery cells that cars also use, but we won't just make car battery packs. And the reason is it just don't work as well for commercial vehicles, different power, different energy, different durability and life. And so if we -- much like engines, there are diesel engines made for cars in higher volume but because we are focused on commercial vehicles, we can essentially not only apply the system, but design the system to better work with the applications and duty cycles that apply for commercial vehicles. Second thing we're going to do is we're going to have a service network and support network that can support your vehicles and your use of electrified powertrains. And that's a pretty big benefit in a market where the new players don't really have anything like that. And again, you might think, well, there's less service and less parts and there are, but there's still stuff to do. There's still a bunch of service and support work to do, even if it's only recharging or replacing batteries. But it's a lot. So our service network is a big adder for both OEMs and also, end-user partners. So big bus fleets are worried if they use an -- somebody who doesn't have any support or any presence in the market that they'll buy the things and they'll be stranded and they'll have nowhere to go. So I think that -- those are kind of the key value propositions. I think it's working well. It's, as I mentioned earlier, that the challenge for us is it looks like a pretty -- a lot of investment at the front-end for a good opportunity, but how -- where the revenues come and at which pace is still a few years off, and I think that's what we're dealing with today.