Very compelling. Thank you, James. Good morning, everybody. I'll start with a summary of our fourth quarter and full year results and finish with the discussion of our outlook for 2019. Pat will then take you through more details about our fourth quarter financial performance and forecast for the year. 
Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2018 were $6.1 billion, an increase of 12% compared to the fourth quarter of 2017, with growth in all of our operations segments and major geographic markets. EBITDA was $896 million or 14.6% compared to $769 million or 14% a year ago. EBITDA increased as a percent of sales due to the benefit of higher volumes, improved pricing, lower warranty costs and the absence of tax reform impact on JV earnings in the fourth quarter last year. These positive factors more than offset an increase in research and engineering to support new product development and the negative impact of tariffs. 
For the full year, Cummins sales were a record $23.8 billion, up 16% year-over-year. Our EBITDA margins were 14.6% compared to 14.8% in 2017, with the impact of higher sales, improved pricing and the benefit of cost reduction programs offset by product campaign charges in the first half of the year and an increase in research and engineering. EBITDA dollars were a record $3.5 billion. 
Engine business sales increased by 18% in 2018 due to stronger production of heavy and medium-duty trucks in North America and higher demand for construction equipment globally. EBITDA was 13.7% compared to 12.8% in 2017 due to the positive impact of higher revenues and improved pricing, partially offset by product campaign charges. 
Sales for our Distribution business grew by 11%, driven by increased demand in North America and Europe. Full year EBITDA was 7.2% compared to 7.1% in 2017, with the benefits of improved pricing offset by the impact of strong U.S. dollar and currency volatility in Africa. 
Full year revenues for the Components segment increased by 22% due to higher truck production in North America, Europe, India and Brazil. The automated transmission business contributed 6% to segment growth. For the full year EBITDA was 14.4% compared to 15.6% in 2017 as the benefits of higher sales and material cost reduction programs were more than offset by product campaign costs and the dilutive effect of the new automated transmission business. 
The automated transmission business delivered revenues of $543 million in 2018, driven by stronger demand in North American heavy-duty truck market as well as higher-than-expected penetration rates of automatic manual transmissions which reached 73% of new heavy-duty trucks in 2018. Customer feedback on the new Endurant transmission has been very positive and joint venture profitability is benefiting from transitioning to selling the new and improved products. 
Power Systems sales increased by 14% in 2018, driven by higher demand for power generation equipment and an increase in sales to oil and gas and mining customers. EBITDA was 13.3% compared to 10.1% in 2017, driven by the positive impact of higher sales, lower warranty costs and improved pricing. While EBITDA margins improved significantly for the full year, they were well below -- they were below, excuse me, our expectations in the fourth quarter. Due to stronger-than-anticipated demand for power generation equipment, our alternator business, which is still in the restructuring process, incurred additional production costs and premium freight to meet delivery commitments. EBITDA percent in the fourth quarter was also negatively impacted by lower joint venture earnings in Africa, the impact of tariffs and a lower mix of parts sales. We do though expect to grow earnings in 2019 as a result of stronger power generation sales, improved pricing and sustained improvement in our alternator operations, all of which will offset weaker demand from oil and gas customers. 
In our Electrified Power business, full year EBITDA was a loss of $90 million, in line with our forecast. We continue our targeted investments in areas which we expect to see broad market adoption, primarily in urban and shorter-range applications. 
Included in the fourth quarter results were 2 nonrecurring items with combined negative impact of $58 million of EBITDA. These items were costs related to closing a start-up electronic logging device business and the impact of marking to market assets to underpin our nonqualified benefit plans. The mark to market loss was driven by volatility in debt and equity markets in the fourth quarter. The ELD business was part of our strategy effort to increase digital services to customers and included the design of the smartphone-based app that help truckers meet electronic logging requirements in the U.S. While this specific market didn't materialize as we expected, we continue to launch new digital products that serve our end customers' needs. 
Now I will comment on some of our key markets in 2018, starting with North America, and then I'll comment on some of our largest international markets. 
Our revenues in North America increased 19% in 2018, primarily due to higher levels of truck production. We also experienced growth in sales of engines and parts to customers in oil and gas, construction and mining markets as well as the full year impact of the automated transmission business. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks increased to 286,000 units, an increase of 29% from 2017 levels, supported by strong freight rates and improved fuel economy in new trucks. Our market share was 34% for the full year, up from 33% in 2017. 
The market size for medium-duty trucks was 132,000 units in 2018, an increase of 9% from 2017 and the highest level of production in over a decade. We maintained our clear leadership in the market with full year market share of 80%, up from 78% a year ago. 
2018 marked another strong year for pickup truck sales in North America. We shipped 150,000 engines to pickup customers in 2018 and recently unveiled the next-generation 6.7-liter turbo diesel engine, boasting a first-in-class 1,000 foot-pound of torque in a Ram truck at the Detroit Auto Show. 2019 marks the 30th anniversary of Cummins availability in Ram trucks. 
Engine sales to construction customers in North America increased by 31%, driven by record levels of nonresidential construction and the strongest year of residential construction spending since 2006. Engine shipments to high-horsepower markets in North America increased by 18% from last year, driven by demand from oil and gas and mining customers. While power generation revenues increased by 10% year-over-year, with particular strength in demand from data center customers. 
Our international revenues increased 12% in 2018. Full year revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $4.8 billion, down 2% compared with 2017 with lower sales in on-highway markets, partially offset by strong construction markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China decreased by 2% from the record level experienced in 2017. 
Within the truck market, construction-related dump truck and specialty vehicle sales were up 45% in 2018, while tractor and flatbed sales, utilized primarily for linehaul applications, were down 10%. Our market share in 2018 was 12.7%, down from 14.8% in 2017 due to lower market share at our OEM partners, mostly driven by the change in market mix towards construction-related vehicles. The light-duty market in China grew 10% in 2018 and our share ended the year at 7%, in line with our guidance.
Industry demand for excavators set a new record of 203,000 units in 2018, an increase of 45% from 2017 levels. Our market share ended the year at 15%, 1.5% higher than in 2017 due to market share gains made by several of our key domestic OEM partners. 
Revenues for our Power Systems business in China increased by 29% due to increased demand for power generation equipment and growth in industrial engine shipments to mining customers. 
Full year revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $2.2 billion, a 23% increase over 2017. Industry truck production was a record in 2018 and increased 22% from the year previous.
Our truck market share ended at 40%, which was flat when compared to last year. 
Sales in our Components segment increased more than 14% due to increased content associated with the transition to BS IV emission standards in the truck market beginning in April last year. Strong economic growth and infrastructure investment also led to a 10% increase in power generation sales during the year. In Brazil, our revenues increased by 27%, mainly driven by a 27% increase in truck production. 
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2019 and then comment on some individual regions and end markets. We are forecasting total company revenues for 2019 to be flat to up 4% from 2018, driven by an increase in heavy- and medium-duty truck production in North America and Brazil as well as increased demand in power generation markets. We exposed -- expect most of our end markets in China to decline in 2019, while European and Indian end markets are expected to remain relatively flat. 
Industry production for heavy-duty trucks in North America is projected to be 292,000 units in 2019, a 2% increase year-over-year. The industry enters 2019 with a record backlog and high visibility of production levels in the first half of the year. We expect our market share to be in the range of 32% to 34%. 
In the medium-duty truck market, we expect market size to be 134,000 units, a 2% increase from 2018, with our market share projected to be in the range of 74% to 76%.
Our Engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America are expected to be flat compared to a very strong 2018. 
In China, we project domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be flat in 2019. We are currently projecting a 10% reduction in heavy- and medium-duty truck demand and a 7% reduction in light-duty truck demand. We expect our market share in the medium- and heavy-duty truck market to be in the range of 13% to 14% in 2018 -- excuse me, in 2019, up from 2018. Our share in the light-duty market will be 8% to 9%, up from 7%, with growth coming from our new joint venture in -- with JAC, which became operational in December. 
There continues to be uncertainty around the adoption of national standard 6 in China this year. Our projection for industry truck sales to decline by 10% in 2019 assumes low industry demand for NS VI-compliant products, with adoption concentrated in urban-use vehicles for Tier 1 cities. In the event that the enforcement of NS VI standard accelerates adoption, we anticipate that overall truck sales could decline additional 10% below our current forecast, but our content per engine would increase.
Industry sales of excavators in China are expected to decline 25% from record levels in 2018. While 2019 demand will be down, it will still represent the third highest year of sales on record. 
In India, we project total revenue, including joint ventures, to be flat in 2019. We anticipate industry demand for trucks to be 5% lower than the record levels experienced in 2018. Demand will be muted in the first half of 2019 as elections take place, but we expect strong growth in the second half of 2019, ahead of the planned implementation of Bharat Stage VI standard in April of 2020. We also expect 5% to 10% growth in construction and power generation markets as continued infrastructure investment drives incremental demand. 
We expect to see growth in all of our businesses in Brazil this year due to improved economic conditions. We expect truck production to be up 13% in 2019 and power generation demand to increase 15%. 
We project our global high-horsepower engine shipments to be flat in 2019, with a 5% improvement in new engine orders from mining customers as they replace aging equipment. 
Demand for new oil and gas engines are expected to decline by 40%, with sales continuing at levels experienced in the second half of 2018, following robust fleet replacement in the first half of last year. 
In summary, we expect full year sales to be flat to up 4% and EBITDA to be in the range of 15.75% to 16.25% of sales. The improvement in EBITDA this year will be driven by positive pricing, material cost reduction, lower warranty and variable compensation costs, partially offset by metal markets and tariffs. 
We returned a record $1.9 billion in cash to shareholders in 2018 in the form of dividend and share repurchases and currently plan to return 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders in 2019 as well. 
Before moving on to Pat, who will discuss our financial results in more detail, I'd like to take a few minutes to share some of the progress that's been made in our Electrified Power business unit this year.
2018 marked the full -- first full year of operations of our Electrified Power business unit. In 2018, we announced partnerships with on- and off-highway OEMs that are working on electrification solutions in products ranging from bus to medium-duty trucks, light commercial vehicles, excavators and drayage trucks. 
Vehicles with Cummins electrification content were on display at several industry events. And to date, we have over 11 million miles of testing and development on vehicles with our Electrified Power technology. We have begun selling battery electric power train systems to Blue Bird for use in school bus market in the United States and are progressing toward launches with additional customers, including GILLIG, for transit buses later this year. 
We are continually assessing and innovating across a broad portfolio of power solution, from diesel to natural gas, fuel cells, hybrid and fully electric options. We plan to provide our customers with the right technical solutions for their application at the right time and to continue to be the leader in power for commercial and industrial equipment. 
As we begin 2019 and the 100th anniversary of our company, we continue to see the benefit of our leadership in diesel technology as well. The next generation 6.7-liter turbo diesel engine in Dodge Ram pickup trucks, boasts a first-in-Class 1000 foot-pound of torque and was announced at the Detroit Auto Show in January. The new lightweight Cummins X12 Engine will be available in a number of chassis in 2019, including several with Daimler Trucks North America. 
Customer demand for our industry-leading ISX15 liter engine remains strong and we are producing at all-time record levels. 
Finally, Amtrak announced on December 21 that it would be purchasing 75 charger locomotives for delivery starting in 2021, equipped with our QSK95 engine.
I want to close with a brief salute to our CFO, Pat Ward. Pat's outserved our company with distinction for more than 30 years, including the last 10 as CFO. Throughout his career, he's demonstrated a remarkable ability to identify the key areas to focus on, to drive improvement in the business and then to partner with our business leaders to deliver outstanding results. I'll miss Pat for lots of reasons, but most of all, because he's a committed servant, a trusted adviser and a great friend. Pat leaves behind a very strong finance function and has been working closely with Mark Smith to ensure a smooth transition. Congratulations, Pat, on your well-earned retirement. And also to Mark, as our new CFO. 
Now let me turn it over to Pat for the last time.

Yes. Thanks a lot, Jerry. So big milestones this year, of course, are the transit bus launch with GILLIG. That's something we've been working to really since the beginning of the business. We see the transit bus market as kind of the -- maybe the most obvious adopter, the one where there are significant incentives in the cities to drive towards electrification. The application lends itself towards electrification, either pure BEVs or potentially with a small engine to get you back to base. So we think it's a good application for electric vehicles. So that's where we're targeting. The GILLIG launch is a big one. We've got a good order for that. So we're pretty excited about that and pretty focused on that. 
I mentioned drayage trucks, and frankly drayage trucks have a very similar application in terms of they're relatively short range, pretty easy to charge, loads are pretty predictable. So we think that's another area that's going to go. We've got a launch partner there, I don't want to announce ahead of them. So I think those are really our 2 major platform milestones. And I've mentioned that we're already working with Blue Bird, and we are trying to get some more launch partners on the school bus side. All those just reflect the ones that we think will early adopt. And kind of, one level lower, Jerry, there's a pretty big milestone for us to have our battery pack that we're developing meet the performance standards at least for our first-generation that we're looking for. That's a pretty big deal too, so we've got a milestone related to our battery pack and then related to the entire electrical system launch. 
Further out, there is a number of applications we're looking at. I would say that we are pretty strongly focused on these near-term milestones. There's a lot of development work going on. It's a big effort for us to get right. And then we'll look forward. And with regard to revenues, I would say we're still in, kind of, the market development phase. I would -- I'd be remiss to give you a good view on revenues. I think market adoption in the markets that I mentioned is likely to move with some steadiness. But still, I've heard people project that the transit buses, which again I mentioned is one of the best markets, might be 50% electric in 10 or more years. That's a long time, and that's for new buses, which means there's -- you've got all the diesel buses still selling. So I still loathe to call the transitions. I think what we're thinking about is trying to get our products ready to convert in these markets that are moving fast and then see what kind of adoption rates we get and then we'll start being able to call more of the financial side about what we think ramp or revenues. I know that's a little dissatisfying, it is to me anyway, but we're still trying to manage these launches and making sure that we're available and then we'll be able to figure out, kind of, where the launches go.

And Autocar, Rich. I think Autocar was also -- Autocar is the refuse specialty vehicle. And they are, kind of, using the ISX12 as the big launch vehicle for them and they're -- launch engine for them on some new platforms. And they're pretty excited about it, too. So I think that -- and it kind of fits -- the ISX12 fits their applications really well. So I think that will be another important launch for us.

I'll let Rich talk about that.

Yes. David, again, I just -- I think your question about the words is a good one. I -- we weren't trying to call a difference between us and the truck makers. It's just that we are always -- we've seen a lot of these cycles before, and we've seen sometimes when order board cancellations start, they can happen fast. We don't have any reason to think that's going to happen here and we're watching the truck orders, just like you guys are. And we've got 2 months of not such great orders, and we just want to keep our eyes on it. But we are planning that this -- as we said, that the year is going to be a good year. And definitely, the order board is full enough, if we don't see cancellations, that we'll have a terrific year.

We're not forecasting a big mix shift year-over-year. I mean, again one of the things that happened is in China, they're clearly stimulating construction growth. And there were also some changes in regs on -- inside the truck market which drove more of these construction trucks. So you've got stimulus and this change in regs, which drove this mix shift. It's pretty dramatic. I mean, normally the mix shift is just not something that we would call out. But frankly, these 2 things combined shifted a bunch. And as you said, our engines are more for these longer-range things. So we got negatively surprised on market share. I mean, that's what happened. And so we were disappointed with the market and market share. So we're thinking to ourselves that we're -- that there may be a little mix shift back because we won't have these special factors anymore. But we're not thinking that there's a big -- there's certainly not any negative trend. If anything, the market share trends should be -- I mean, the mix trends should be slightly positive for us. The big news in China really is how does NS VI get enforced? So what's going to happen with the standard? How tightly do they enforce it on the first day? We were thinking we were heading into a time where now all these enforcement -- they would be launched, they would all be enforced aggressively across the country. But because of the economic situation in China, it looks like that's not going to happen. And we're going to move back to some of those old enforcement plans where the cities will go first and things will move slower, which means we're going to be in a fair bit of uncertainty in the market, we think, for 12 or 18 months while the NS VI stuff gets enforced over time. So that I kind of -- I think that's driving most of the uncertainty as opposed to the mix.

Yes, freight is flat. Mark was just adding that freight is flat. So again, we're not calling for a disaster. We think things are going to continue to move along fine. But mix is slightly favorable maybe, is what we hope. Again, we didn't call it that well last year, but we think it's favorable this year. And we think that this NS VI thing is what we're really having to manage.

Yes, that just totally depends on how it goes. But I guess our feeling is that to the extent we're exposed at all on revenue related to the market, that'll be to our benefit in the long run. We think we gain share in NS VI, we think we gain content and margin in NS VI. So it's -- we think it's a win for Cummins the faster it moves. That said, to project does it mean we'd be down x points, it's really hard to say given the ways it could go. But let's just say that we would -- we're ready for it to be enforced as fast as it can go. That would be the best thing for us financially.

Yes, where, as you know, the Engine sales, the JV versus the Components is 100%.

Great. Great questions, Jamie. Thank you. And as you said, we are having a pretty forward stance on cash flow and repurchases, as we've had in previous times like this, where we think if we start to see a financial downturn ahead, we will be aggressive on making sure we support our stock and we're in a good position to do that and our cash flow will be strong. But I think just let me break the 2 questions. I'll have Mark kind of go through the detail that you asked about. I think he can do a good job of supporting that. And then maybe I'll have Rich talk a little bit about how we're posturing the company to approach a time when business is strong, but maybe over the horizon looks like a downturn. So Mark, I'll turn it over to you.

Yes. And again, we will continue to generate strong cash flow throughout the period. And so that -- we'll manage that through of course making sure that we don't spend more capital than we need to. And you saw we're watching that now as we see things leveling out and maybe heading down. And we'll continue to step up share repurchases where we think we don't need as much cash flow to invest. So those things are the things you've heard from us before. And I think what we're trying to do is make sure that each time we approach this, we capture the things that worked well on the previous downturn, improve the things that didn't work as well as we'd like. And the leadership team is already having significant discussions about that as we enter 2019. So our plan this year has steps -- has already taken steps anticipating this thing turning back down at some point. Again, we don't know when, as my conversation with David outlined, but we know it's coming.

And the reason, Andy -- a reason that some get distributed is because they just -- we take it -- we took the electronic logging device write-off as a corporate cost. And then we allocate across the businesses, right? That's why it ends up that way, spread across. It wasn't that the -- those businesses had anything to do with it. It just got allocated as part of corporate expense.

On China truck, are we -- do we have a view about -- this, kind of, quarter-to-quarter seasonality view?

Yes, the second half weakness really is driven by this NS VI anticipation, Andy. That's just a part that we're -- frankly, just -- it's not -- our visibility isn't so great. I mean, as I've tried to highlight. I mean, we have a view and it's as reasoned a view as you can get. But it's just going to come down to, do people think -- are people's adoption rates going to be faster or slower? And I think what we're saying now is we're saying that we think they're going to hit the Tier 1 cities, which will mean that there'll be very little volume effect. People -- there's just not that many trucks purchased for that, it's mostly buses and things, maybe refuse vehicles. So most of the trucks will remain to the old standard which means it will kind of truck along that steady freight rates with a small decrease. Where we see a significant move potentially downward is if people thought, hey, I -- the NS VI standard comes in, the price goes up a lot -- a fair bit and I think I'll just wait now. And of course, if people thought that's going to happen 1 month from now, they might buy more, coming in front. So these are the things that are acting against each other, plus a relatively weak economy. All those coming together are just making it difficult to predict. But right now, what we've got is steady first half, drop a little in the second half. And that's about as best we can do sitting where we sit down.

Yes. No change in the overall investment plan. The run -- the expense run rate you're seeing is really -- so we have a fourth quarter run rate that we're, kind of, running across the year. So we have our teams staffed up now for those milestones I talked about. They are staffed, they are working towards delivery. We're not changing very much. We're just, kind of, sticking to it. As I mentioned, these milestones are big deals. We want to get those right, we're not trying to get distracted by a lot of other things. And so we still see that $500 million number to be okay. I mean, it's -- again, there's -- you can't predict it perfectly, but it feels like the right place for us still. And not too much change in what we're focused on and what we're doing. A lot of people are working hard though. I -- I'm giving it a pretty steady picture. But there is a lot of work going on to make sure that we get that battery pack where we want it and the overall electric vehicle system where we want it. And so I would -- they would -- those people would be sad if I said it was all smooth. They're working hard. But again, I think from an investment point of view, you should think on the same plan, on the same run rate, no change.

Thanks, Andy.

Thank you, everybody.