Thank you, Mark. Good morning. I'll start with a summary of our second quarter results and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2018. Pat will then take you through more details of both our second quarter financial performance and our forecast for this year.
We delivered record quarterly sales and profits in the second quarter. Revenues were $6.1 billion, an increase of 21% compared to the second quarter of 2017, with growth in all of our operating segments and most of our major geographic markets. EBITDA was $897 million or 14.6% of sales compared to $764 million or 15% a year ago.
During the second quarter, we finalized our plans and our full cost estimate for our previously disclosed product campaign to address the performance of an aftertreatment component in certain on-highway engines produced between 2010 and 2015. In determining the best course of action to support our customers, we have elected to increase the number of aftertreatment systems to be addressed through hardware replacement compared to our estimate last quarter. As a result, we recorded a charge of $181 million or 3% of sales in the second quarter, and we believe that we have now fully provided for the expected cost of this campaign. The charge was shared between the Engine and Components segments. We've reached agreement with the appropriate regulatory agencies regarding our proposed actions, and we will launch that campaign in phases starting in the third quarter this year and expect to substantially complete the campaign by the end of 2020. This issue does not affect any of our current products, which are performing very well, and our market share remains strong.
And to that point, Engine business revenues increased 17% compared to a year ago due to strong demand in on-highway markets in North America and growth in construction markets in both China and North America. EBITDA for the quarter was 13.4% of sales compared to 14% a year ago. EBITDA percent declined as the benefits of higher volumes, improved pricing and increased joint venture earnings in China were more than offset by a $91 million charge related to the product campaign.
Sales for our Distribution segment grew by 16% year-over-year, driven by higher demand for new engines, parts and service in off-highway markets as well as some targeted price increases. Second quarter EBITDA was 7.3% compared to 7.4% in the second quarter of 2017. EBITDA increased 14% in dollar terms, but declined slightly as a percent of sales due to a lower mix of parts sales.
Second quarter revenues for the Components segment rose by 30%. Sales in North America increased 36% and revenues in international markets grew 22% as a result of rising market demand, strong market share and the success of new products aimed at lowering emissions. Sales of the Eaton Cummins Automated Transmission business contributed 10% to Components segment growth. EBITDA for the second quarter was 12.6% compared to 15.7% in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA declined as the benefits of stronger sales and material cost-reduction programs were more than offset by the charge of $90 million related to the product campaign.
Power Systems sales in the second quarter grew 23% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher demand for power generation equipment and an increase in sales to oil and gas and mining customers. EBITDA in the second quarter was 14.9% compared to 8.8% a year ago. The benefits of stronger volumes, improvements in quality, cost-reduction programs and stronger joint venture earnings in China all contributed to EBITDA margin expansion.
In our electrified power train business, second quarter EBITDA was a loss of $21 million, in line with our projections. Given the potential for this technology, especially in urban and short-range applications, we will continue to invest in development and new product programs ahead of broad market adoption.
Now I will comment on the performance of some of our key markets for the second quarter of 2018 starting with North America, and then I'll cover some of our largest international markets. Our revenues in North America grew 22% in the second quarter due to growth in demand in most of our end markets and the ramp-up of the Eaton Cummins Automated Transmission joint venture. Industry production of North American heavy-duty trucks grew 20% in the second quarter of 2018, while sales of our heavy-duty engines increased by 38%. Our year-to-date market share through May was 33%, in line with last year. Industry production of medium-duty trucks improved 16% in the second quarter, while our engine shipments grew 15%. Year to date, our market share in the medium-duty truck market was 81% through May, up from 79% a year ago.
Total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers were -- decreased by 20% compared to a year ago due to a short-term adjustment to production by one of our OEM customers. Engine sales for construction equipment in North America increased 18% in the second quarter, reflecting general strength in the economy. Engine shipments to high-horsepower markets in North America rose 42% compared to a year ago, driven by higher demand from both oil and gas and mining customers. And revenues for power generation grew by 9% due to higher demand in the data center and recreational vehicle markets.
Our international revenues increased by 18% in the second quarter of 2018. Second quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.4 billion, an increase of 9% due to higher sales in off-highway markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China increased by 13% compared to a year ago. Year to date, our market share was 11% through June compared to 14% last year. We are confident that we'll regain this market share as we increase penetration of our engine at Foton, ramp up our new market -- our new partnership with JAC and launch new products for NS VI with all of our partners in China.
Industry sales of light-duty trucks grew by 25% in the second quarter, and our engine market share was 7%. Demand for excavators in the third quarter increased 74% from a year ago in China. Our market share through June increased to 14%, up fully 2% year-over-year, driven by strong performance by our OEM partners. Revenues for our Power Systems business in China increased 53% due to growth in engine shipments to mining customers and higher demand for power generation equipment for data centers.
Second quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $575 million, an increase of 33% from second quarter a year ago. Industry production -- industry truck production more than doubled year-over-year, following the introduction of Bharat Stage IV regulations in April last year. Year-to-date market share was 42% through June, up 2% from 2017, with Tata trucks powered by our new BS IV compliant engine systems.
In Brazil, our revenues increased by 29%, primarily due to a moderately recovering economy, resulting in improved demand for trucks compared to a weak 2017.
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2018 and then comment on individual regions and end markets. We are now forecasting total company revenues for 2018 to be up 15% to 17%, higher than our previous guidance of up 10% to 14%, reflecting a stronger outlook for industrial, power generation and construction markets as well as stronger market share in North America on-highway markets.
We are maintaining our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North America at 286,000 units, up 29% compared to 2017. We expect our market share to be between 31% and 34%, which is unchanged from our view last quarter. However, we now expect to be at the higher end of this range.
In the medium-duty truck market, we've increased our forecast for industry production to reach 133,000 units, up 13% year-over-year and above our prior forecast of 124,000 units. We expect our market share to be in the range of 75% to 78%, an increase from our prior guidance of 72% to 75%.
We expect our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be flat for the full year of 2018 compared to a very strong 2017.
In China, we expect domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be up 1% compared to our previous guidance of being lower by 2% in 2018. We have raised our outlook for medium- and heavy-duty truck market demand slightly to 1.3 million units from our prior forecast of 1.2 million units, representing a flat market compared to last year.
In the light-duty market, we are -- now expect growth of 5% in 2018, up from our previous guidance of no growth. We expect our market share in the medium- and heavy-duty market to be 12%, up from the first half of this year, but down from our prior forecast of 14%. In light-duty, we expect our full year share to be 7% compared to our previous guidance of 8%.
In India, we expect total revenues, including joint ventures, to be up 18% year-over-year, lower than our previous forecast of growth of at least 20% due to a lower outlook for truck demand. Earlier this month, the Indian government surprised the industry by introducing regulations that allow higher loads per vehicle. The new regulations have caused a sharp decline in truck sales as customers await upgraded models from OEMs in response to the regulations. Underlying demand for trucks remain strong, and we expect growth in truck sales to resume once OEMs and customers adjust to the new regulations.
In Brazil, we now forecast truck production to increase 20% in 2018, up from our previous guidance. We expect our global high-horsepower engines to increase 35%, up from our previous forecast of 30%, reflecting strong demand from mining customers and an improved outlook for sales of power generation equipment.
In summary, we've raised our full year outlook and expect to deliver record sales, EBITDA, operating cash flow and earnings per share in 2018. We revised our forecast for EBITDA to be in the range of 14.8% to 15.2%, down from our previous guidance of 15.4% to 15.8%, with the benefit of stronger sales offset by the charge for the product campaign in the second quarter and the addition of approximately $100 million of trade tariffs and tariff-related cost inflation in the second half of the year. Full year incremental EBITDA margins are projected to be 20%, excluding the impact of the Eaton Cummins joint venture and our electrified power train business, but including both the product campaign and the tariff-related costs.
During the quarter, we returned $393 million in cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, and recently announced a 5.6% increase in our quarterly cash dividend. We now plan to return 75% of our operating cash flow to shareholders in 2018, up from our previous plan to return 50%.
At our Analyst Day last November, we discussed several growth platforms that we are working on to drive future profitable growth. For each platform, we said that we would evaluate the best options for growth between organic investment, partnerships and acquisitions, and we continue to make progress in executing the strategy.
Consistent with our goal to be a leader in electrified power trains for commercial vehicles, we recently announced that we will acquire Efficient Drivetrains, Inc. or EDI. Based in Milpitas, California, EDI develops and produces hybrid and fully electric power solutions for commercial vehicle applications. The acquisition of EDI will complement our existing capabilities in electrified power trains, and we expect to complete the acquisition in the third quarter of this year.
For those of you planning to attend the IAA Truck Show in Hannover in September, you'll have the opportunity to view a range of Cummins products, including our electrified power trains in commercial vehicles.
In discussing our plans to grow in attractive markets last November, we covered an approach to growth in light -- in the light commercial vehicle market, which we said would like -- would be likely through consolidation or partnership. And we said that we will pursue, with discipline, acquisitions that could increase our participation in larger horsepower, power generation, oil and gas, rail and marine markets.
In May, we announced plans to form a joint venture with JAC Motors in China, building on our 20-year relationship between the 2 companies. This joint venture will be focused on the light commercial vehicle in China, the largest market in the world, and global export markets. In forming this new alliance, Cummins will acquire Navistar’s interest in the joint venture with JAC. The change in ownership will go into effect upon completion of regulatory reviews, and we are continuing to actively pursue acquisitions and partnerships in the larger horsepower industrial markets.
Thank you for your interest today. We had a strong quarter and are on track for record full year results, extending our track record of improving performance over prior cycles and continuing to return cash to shareholders. We are also making significant strides in executing our strategy to drive more profitable growth in the future. Now let me turn it over to Pat.

I guess -- Adam, it's Tom. The only thing I'd add is that we've been pretty successful in finding cost reductions in our material cost area. That's -- you mentioned the first half being favorable. We are still seeing -- we are -- we have been in an inflationary environment, but we've been working hard to find reductions. I think our view in our industry is we have the most efficient supply chain from a cost point of view. We've got a very effective global supply chain. We have a bunch of folks on the engineering and purchasing side that work to find reductions all the time. And so we're getting that net $50 million benefit from cost reduction every year -- I mean, every quarter in the last couple quarters. And that was hard work, and we feel great about that. We're going to continue that work. That doesn't change. The frustrating thing about the tariffs, and steel and aluminum tariffs as well, is they just drive inflation. So what's happening is we're just adding taxes and inflation to our cost structure, which was already inflating given how strong the economy was. So that's just going to drive more cost into the business. It'll -- we'll do our best to pass that on to other people. And of course, readjusting our supply chain to deal with tariffs is frustrating because it's a really cost-effective and efficient supply chain. It is what it is; we'll have to do it. But it's a frustrating situation to be in considering how well we're positioned today as a manufacturer with our global supply chain.

Yes. Thanks for that, Jerry. Yes, as you highlighted, I mean, in the China's situation, we've gone backwards a little bit in market share. I mean, our business has been great and the market's been incredible. So our business has been doing well, but our market share has dropped a little bit, and we could have been doing even better. And part of that was related to the quality issues we had with the ISG some time ago. We have now resolved those, but we're still regaining penetration at Foton as a result of that. We feel confident we will do that. I was just in China. I met with Foton, and we meet with them extensively. We're very confident that we will restore our penetration into the heavy-duty market and that will drive up some. Second thing is, this JAC partnership fits in, in the sense that there's a very large light-duty market. It's the largest one in the world in China. Plus JAC also has a relatively significant export market. Again, they're mostly targeting markets that are similar emissions levels to China. So -- and of course, that would, as China moves to China 6, that expands their potential export markets. They make an inexpensive but quite capable small truck. And so we're happy to add them into the partnerships. We see that as being able to drive our light-duty market share from something like 7% or 8% today to 15% over some number of years, where our plan says 5. We'd like to move faster, but our plan says 5 years, we get back up to 15-plus. So with that and the heavy-duty penetration, and then NS VI, that's -- again, we'll have another shakeout where some of the smaller players will be unable to get to China 6. That's a very, very tough standard. And we think our partners using Cummins engines will again gain share, which we think will bring us back to our old numbers and past again. We need to get a little further on the NS VI work to kind of figure out exactly where we'll get by when. But -- that's why I said in my remarks, I'm highly confident that we will get back to our old market share numbers and past again based on these 3 things. The JAC numbers, again, they'll take a little bit to ramp up because we're just getting started with them. It's not even approved yet. But I think the Foton work will start. We're probably at our low point today. So in the next few quarters, we'll start to see that ramp back up again, and then China 6 and JAC follow-on.

And then we're really -- Jerry, we're really at mid-cycle there too. So our view is that not only are we seeing the benefits of the cost, but we're also really midway through the ramp. So we expect to continue to see benefits from increased revenues as plants get fully utilized, and we feel good with our supply chain. We're having to work hard to make sure our supply chain stays on good lead times. But that's the work we're good at. So we feel confident about that.

Jamie, thanks for those questions. So on the 75%, as I mentioned in my remarks in my opening, we are continuing with our strategy. So we are still seeking to drive partnerships or acquisitions in the large power area. We're still driving -- trying to drive growth in our Distribution and telematics area. We -- so the strategy hasn't changed, but what we are trying to signal with the 75% is 3 things, really. Number one, our performance this year is really good. Our cash flow is really good. And our needs for investing in the business are less than the cash flow we're generating. And so we want to make sure that we don't need to inventory cash. We have a very strong balance sheet. We can return cash flow to shareholders and still meet all our needs, and that's a good thing. Second thing is that there are no imminent needs for the cash. Obviously, if we were months away from a large acquisition, we would not do that. But -- so what we are saying is we are not imminently doing things. We are still actively working on that. And again, there's been a lot of rumors and things about what we've been involved with. I think what, I guess, I wanted to remind everyone is that our intent in all of our growth partnerships, acquisitions, et cetera, is to remain disciplined and to make sure that the result of the acquisition is a positive impact for shareholders, not just more revenue. And so we're continuing to do that, and as we look at the field today, we are active. There are a number of things which would be attractive to put into Cummins, but right -- we just don't see it imminently happening. But we are active on a number of partnerships and acquisitions, as we announced 2 more this quarter, and we will continue that. So the signal is still moving, but nothing imminent. I think that would be the safest way to say. And the third thing we want to signal is that we think the stock is significantly undervalued. I mean, we -- it's obvious that in the last quarter with the emissions issue and maybe people getting worried about cyclical peaks, that our stock got -- had a pretty heavy wet blanket on it, and we think it's overshot. Our view is the earnings of the company are incredibly strong. Our incremental margins are good, and we don't think we're at the peak. We think we've got quite a bit more room to run. And by the way, in each cycle, down cycle, we do better and strengthen again in each up cycle. So we do believe, in fact, that our stock is a good investment now. So it's all 3 of those things, and thanks for giving me a chance to talk about that.
With regard to the -- to 2019, obviously, we don't want to forecast 2019, but a couple of things you mentioned, I think, do deserve some highlights. We are expecting to finish our warranty numbers around 2.4% this year. That said, so we are coming down into that same low 2% range that we said we would get to. And we have done a lot of work to improve the quality of launches and the quality of the product, so we believe that that's going to be a good tailwind going into 2019. In addition, from the point of view of all the tariffs and material costs, there's no question that right now we're fighting an uphill battle, but it's not clear how long all these last. It's not clear what the administration plans are there. So what -- we're trying to remain as resilient as we can. We have a very cost-effective supply chain. We're going to try to keep that in place. We're going to make the moves that we need to make short term to try to minimize the impacts. We're going to pass on prices where we can, as Rich said. But we have a very good supply chain organization that's working to continue to drive cost down. So again, we -- we're planning to mitigate, I guess, is the main point. So while it's a short-term, a pretty nasty hit, we will work hard to mitigate those plans. And I think we will have some positive impact on those. So while it will be a headwind, we'll make this headwind smaller by the time we get to next year. So I got those were both what you were commenting on.

Yes. I mean, both Rich and I have spent time with Foton recently about that, and there's no question there was some friction about it. They do compete in the market. And by the way, we're -- this is a thing we deal with everywhere. We're an independent engine maker, so everyone loves the fact that we're independent. So we have lots of volume and we'll work with them, but then they're annoyed that we work with their competitors. It's both, right? It's always both. And so I think those are things that we work through pretty regularly. We -- they were frustrated. We did have a lot of discussions. I think we're through that now. I think Foton has now said we understand that where our opportunity to work with you is and they're excited about that. Again, Rich had good discussions. Anything you'd add, Rich?

China. In China.

And by the way, sorry for this paid political announcement, Alex. But this is -- a little bit of my frustration is that product was developed with engineers, purchasing people, et cetera, a whole bunch of people in the U.S. And so the fact that we might use some of the volume or some of the components from China to help build up and then, of course, assemble in the U.S. and have assembly jobs here, that we might lose those because of this tariffs, it just seems exactly backwards of what we're trying to achieve. So it does seem -- I get -- to say that I'm frustrated with this would be an understatement. And again, I'm hopeful that what we're in for here is a lot of tariffs to get everybody to the table, and then we get to the table, and then we take this away. Because this doesn't seem to be helping very many people. So I -- that's what I'm hopeful for, but in the meantime, as Rich said, we are actively looking for ways to mitigate and to figure out which of these things we keep in place, the supply chain keep in place and which ones, if they have longer-term impacts, we switch around.

Yes, I think from a segment point of view, Noah, you got it right, is that essentially, transit bus is the number one where I think if we have a good offering, we'll have customers that want it. It's -- transit bus is -- the big cities, especially, have committed to moving towards electric or hybrid or some combination of these things. And they're -- but they're wanting to step-by-step it because if -- the charging infrastructure and all the challenges related to running electric power trains are still in front of most of them. They don't have that all figured out. But they all want them. And so our first launch at the end of next year is there, and we have a number of preorders for those. In fact, we are -- our first months of production will only be supplying orders that we already have. And then with regard to the light-duty vehicles, especially, again, urban, short-range vehicles, there is a lot of interest in that area. And again, when you do the math on it, you can make it work as long, again, as you have a way to manage the charging and charging infrastructure. So those that go away and come back to the same place are going to have a lot easier time of it than those that have to go and stop and then go somewhere else and go somewhere else. This kind of challenge, same as we saw with natural gas, will be an issue for electric vehicles. But again, lots of interest. And as you said, I mean, one of the reasons we are interested in EDI is not only do they have -- have they already fulfilled orders, but they have a really good ability to put together prototypes, demonstrators pretty quickly so people can actually get out and try. Because I think today, there's a lot of interest. But again, most of the interest is, we'd like to try some. We'd like to try it on this leg, see how it goes, see what the charging's like. And it's really difficult to know if you want to move your whole fleet there or your business model is going to work on this, unless you can actually start dealing with some of the practical issues. And now with where lithium ion batteries are in the system in total as compared to several years ago, you're at a place where you actually have some practical jobs you can do. So I think that's why people are interested in trying it. So we do feel like there's plenty of interest relative to our capacity. What we're trying to do is make sure that we have a commercially viable power train so that we're not just doing demonstrators and prototypes forever, that this is actually a thing that can work in larger scale. And so we have both efforts going on, making sure people can try things and see that, and that will really start at the end of next year, we'll start putting production units in. But right now, we're doing mostly trials in prototypes. We want to be able to do that so people can try. But then also move to this commercially viable, long-run segment-replacing kind of power train. And that's still in the development and launch phase next year.

Yes. Yes, we can provide it. Yes. As you know, the unit shipment for those is because of the revenue varies by -- a [ good ] lot by unit. That if it's not as meaningful as the heavy-duty ones where those unit prices are really similar. But we will definitely provide it to you. And I think Mark actually...

Okay.

Yes, underlying operating -- I guess, that's maybe Chris is [ packing up stuff ]. Underlying operating performance throughout the year is quite good. And I know it's frustrating to get these incremental margins, because it depends on what you include and what you exclude from last quarter and this quarter. But simply put, underlying operating margins are good. We had the campaign in the first half of this year and a little bit of last half of last year. That kind of distorted the numbers some. I mean, that's -- those are real issues. So they belong there, but they're distorting the numbers. Then we've got, as Mark mentioned, in the second half, you've got this -- these incremental cost-related tariff and material cost inflation and then a little bit of dip in China sales. But other than that, if you kind of move those around in your model, the basic operating performance goes -- you're seeing sales grow and you're seeing 20-plus incremental margins on an operating basis across the whole way.

Not really. I mean, I -- I'm grateful that we're not. It's a good question, both in terms of just -- when I was just in China, I was looking for signs that people are beginning to change preferences and saying, "Well, we don't want to buy American products." And I didn't see any of that on the consumer level and no less in the industrial level, which would be kind of secondary, which is good. I mean, I think that's always a possibility in China. And the problem is, once you lose the share, it's pretty hard -- I mean, if you lose the customer, it's pretty hard to get it back. So -- and so far, I haven't seen any of it. I mean, I didn't hear a whiff of it. I asked around a lot. I asked customers, I asked our employees just what do they see, and nobody seeing any of that. There's definitely some negative feeling about the negotiations or about the administration, but not -- nothing against American or American companies today so far and vice versa in the U.S. And I think in the U.S., I do -- I'm very worried about the inflationary effects, but the economic numbers now are good enough that people seem to be driving right through it. So I guess, mostly what I'm worried about now is when and if things turn down, how bad is that? And are we going to have inflation and economic downturn at the same time because of the inflationary effect? So again, I'm worried about that. But right now, it is just not visible anywhere. People are busy. They're buying stuff there. Fleets are -- as Rich said, fleets are so busy and making so much money. They're just busy buying trucks and trying to put more trucks to work and find drivers. So, so far, so good is what I'm seeing.

It's hard to know about the net. I -- the way you're thinking about it is right. The net, we just don't know yet. Because, again, there's some decisions, as Rich was highlighting about, do you move the supply chain? Or do you feel like the tariffs are temporary, so you just suck it up? Do the price things you're trying to do stick or not? As you said, on the whole material cost side, that mechanism is pretty much in place. That's likely to go. There's always delays on either side. We try to delay them from putting it in our cost side, and we -- and our customers try to delay it from putting it in the price side, but broadly speaking, the agreements are in place. It's the other ones where there's just more left to play for. So our supply chain group, as you guessed, is super busy trying to figure out how to mitigate that. So we'll have a much better view of what we think the net effect is when we do our 2019 plan. And of course, the environment is changing pretty quickly too. I mean, my guess is between this call and next call, there'll be another announcement either to add tariffs or take them away. So -- and we're not sure which it is, but I wouldn't know which one. I hope it is, but we'll see which one it is. So I think we need to be pretty nimble in terms of thinking about how we mitigate the costs.

Thanks so much, you guys.