Thank you, James. Good morning, everybody. I'll start with a summary of our fourth quarter and full year results and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2020. Mark will then take you through more details of both our fourth quarter financial performance and our forecast for this year.
The company implemented several measures to reduce costs and improve future performance in the second half of 2019. In the third quarter, we announced our decision to end production of certain underperforming product lines, and as demand fell in the fourth quarter, we moved quickly to execute a number of additional actions to lower our cost structure, resulting in a $119 million pretax or $90 million after-tax restructuring charge. Global head count reduction actions covered by this charge began in the fourth quarter and most were completed by the end of January. We expect to realize savings from the restructuring and other actions of $250 million to $300 million, as we discussed at our Analyst Day in November. The actions we have taken will mitigate an expected slowdown in revenues in 2020 and position the company for stronger performance as market demand improves. We will continue our investments in new technologies and new product launches in 2020 as we have in prior periods of lower demand, which we believe will continue to improve our strategic position in the industry and sustain our profitable growth. As always, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders through the economic cycle.
Now let me summarize our fourth quarter and full year results and comment on key drivers within each business. All references to EBITDA and EBITDA percent exclude restructuring charges.
Revenues for the fourth quarter of 2019 were $5.6 billion, a decrease of 9% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018, with declines in most major markets outside of China. EBITDA was $682 million or 12.2% compared to $896 million or 14.6% a year ago. EBITDA decreased as a percentage of sales due to the impact of lower volumes and an increase in research and engineering expenses to support new product development in our core business as well as in our New Power segment. These impacts were partially offset by strong material cost reduction activities and improved pricing.
For the full year, Cummins sales were $23.6 billion, down 1% year-over-year. Our EBITDA margins were 15.8% compared to 14.6% in 2018 due to lower warranty costs, improved pricing and material cost reduction activities, and partially offset by lower volumes, the impact of higher tariffs and increased investment in research and development. EBITDA dollars were a record $3.7 billion, and operating cash flow was a record $3.2 billion. We lowered inventory by over $400 million in the second half of the year, and our strong operating cash flow supported the return of a record $2 billion in cash to shareholders in 2019.
In our Engine business, sales decreased by 5% in 2019. Lower demand in the Chinese light commercial vehicle market, North American and European construction markets and the global bus market were partially offset by higher demand for pickup trucks in North America. Heavy- and medium-duty truck revenues in North America were flat compared to 2018. EBITDA was 14.6% compared to 13.7% in 2018, with the negative impact of lower volumes more than offset by lower warranty, improved pricing and material cost reduction activities.
Sales for our Distribution business grew by 3% in 2019. Increased demand in North America and China, driven by higher sales of gensets to data center customers, was partially offset by lower demand for engines in construction and oil and gas markets. Full year EBITDA increased to 8.6% compared to 7.2% in 2018
[Audio Gap]
costs, partially offset by the impact of a strong U.S. dollar and currency volatility in Africa.
Full year revenues for the Components segment declined by 4% due to lower truck production in India and in Europe. EBITDA was 16.2% compared to 14.4% in 2018. The increase in EBITDA percent was primarily due to lower warranty costs and the benefit of material cost reduction programs, which offset increased investment in the development of new products to meet advancing emission standards in China and India as well as the impact of lower volumes.
Power Systems sales decreased by 4% in 2019. Demand for power generation equipment was down 3%, with higher demand for power generation equipment in data center and military markets more than offset by lower demand in RV markets and for backup power in the Middle East, Latin America, Africa and China. Demand for engines and industrial applications declined by 8% driven by lower demand in oil and gas and mining markets. EBITDA was 11.7% compared to 13.3% in 2018.
Power Systems revenue and EBITDA margins were below our expectations in the fourth quarter. EBITDA was negatively impacted by a $15 million charge to exit the business in Africa, part of a broader effort to improve profitability in that region, as well as higher warranty costs. In addition, orders declined in multiple segments in the fourth quarter, especially in parts sales, due to lower engine rebuild volumes, negatively impacting both revenue and profits.
In our New Power business, full year EBITDA was a loss of $148 million, in line with our forecast. We continue our investments in key technology areas for the future and building out our product offerings to target markets and applications most suitable to electric and fuel cell power.
Now I will comment on some of our key markets in 2019, starting with North America, and then I'll comment on some of our largest international markets.
Our revenues in North America increased 3% in 2019 primarily due to higher demand for pickup trucks and power generation equipment. Sales in medium- and heavy-duty truck markets were flat compared to 2018, while sales of engines to construction and oil and gas markets declined.
Industry production of heavy-duty trucks increased to 303,000 units, an increase of 6% from 2018 levels. Industry production remained strong for the first half of the year, supported by a record industry backlog. However, as truck orders remained weak and the industry backlog declined, OEMs began lowering truck builds in the third quarter and once again lowered production in the fourth quarter. Our market share for the full year was 32%, down 2 percentage points from 2018 as OEMs prioritized production of their own engines when making cuts to production in the second half of the year. The market size for medium-duty trucks was 138,000 units in 2019, representing another strong year of demand. We maintained our clear leadership in the market with full year market share of 80%.
2019 marked another strong year for pickup truck sales in North America. We shipped 148,000 engines to our pickup truck customers in 2019, including the highest number of engines for Ram pickups in over 10 years. During the third quarter, we decided to end production of our ISV 5-liter engine, which was primarily sold to Nissan for use in pickup truck applications.
Engine sales to construction customers in North America decreased by 5%. While nonresidential construction spending remains high, we saw industry participants take steps to reduce their equipment inventory in the second half of the year. Engine shipments to high horsepower markets in North America decreased by 38% from last year, with lower demand from oil and gas customers, partially offset by increased shipments to mining customers.
Power Generation revenues increased by 4% year-over-year driven by demand for military applications and data center customers.
Our international revenues declined 6% in 2019. Full year revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $5.5 billion, up 4%. The increased revenue was driven by market share gains in the medium- and heavy-duty truck market as well as the impact of our new JAC joint venture with sales of $237 million in its first full year of operation.
Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China decreased by 1% from record levels experienced in 2018, ahead of our expectation 3 months ago and driven by increased incentives to scrap NS3 trucks.
Within the truck market, construction-related dump truck sales declined 16% in 2019, while nonconstruction-related truck sales increased by 6%. Our market share improved to 14.8% this year from 12.7% in 2018.
The light-duty market in China declined 1% in 2019. OEMs accelerated the launch of new truck models in light of the more stringent enforcement of overloading regulations that began in the second quarter, resulting in end users increasing truck part purchases. Our share ended the year at 8.1%, in line with our guidance and up 2.6% from 2018.
Industry demand for excavators set another record of 236,000 units in 2019, an increase of 16% from 2018 levels. Our market share ended the year at 14%, flat with 2018.
In our Power Systems market, demand for power generation equipment in China was flat for the year, with lower demand for standby power offset by growth in data center markets.
Increased investment in domestic fracking resulted in higher sales of oil and gas engines in 2019, increasing from $17 million to $72 million in the year.
Full year revenues in India, including joint ventures, was $1.6 billion, a 19% decrease driven by both a weak economy and reduced credit availability. Industry truck production declined by 29% in 2019, and construction demand declined 34%. Power Generation revenues increased in 2019, partly due to increased demand in data center markets.
In Brazil, truck production increased 8% compared to 2018 with strong growth in domestic demand, partially offset by lower exports, primarily to Argentina. Our revenues declined 9% for the year with increased truck production in the market offset by the impact of Ford exiting the Brazil truck market last year.
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2020 and then comment on individual regions and end markets.
We are forecasting total company revenues for 2020 to be down between 8% and 12% from 2019 driven by a decrease in heavy- and medium-duty truck production in North America, Europe, China and India. We also expect that construction, mining and oil and gas markets will experience double-digit declines in 2020 and power generation markets will decline 5% to 10%.
Industry production for heavy-duty trucks in North America is projected to be 185,000 units in 2020, a 40% decrease year-over-year. The industry enters 2020 with a backlog of 123,000 units, less than half the 297,000 units when entering 2019 as order rates were consistently below truck production throughout the year. We expect orders to remain weak in 2020 with continued weak freight activity resulting in excess capacity and lower used truck market prices. We expect our market share to be flat with 2019 at 32%.
In the medium-duty truck market, we expect the market size to be 123,000 units, a 20% decrease from 2019 after several years of strong demand. We expect our market share to be in the range of 75% to 80%.
Our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America are also expected to be down 10% compared to a very strong 2019.
In China, we project domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be down 7% in 2020. We currently project a 10% reduction in heavy- and medium-duty truck demand and flat demand in the light-duty truck market. We expect our market share in medium- and heavy-duty trucks to be in the range of 14% to 15% in 2020, flat with 2019 and 2% higher than it was in 2018. Our share in the light-duty truck is expected to be 8% to 9%, flat with 2019.
Industry volumes of NS VI products will increase modestly in 2020, primarily in light-duty applications as city-used vehicles move to NS VI standards in July of this year, followed by all remaining diesel vehicles in July of 2021.
We first met standards similar to NS VI in the United States 10 years ago when we have leveraged our knowledge in powertrain technologies to develop a range of products for Chinese markets that we expect to be well received by end users.
Industry sales of excavators are expected to decline 25% from record levels in 2019.
It is our -- it is expected that our industry as well as others will experience supply chain disruptions and loss of revenues in the first quarter due to the Coronavirus outbreak. We have significant operations in Hubei province where Wuhan is located, including manufacturing and technical facilities that have been impacted by extended closures. We are monitoring the situation in China very closely to ensure the safety of our employees and their families and to minimize any impact on our operations and our customers. We are also monitoring any impact on our global supply chain by Chinese suppliers and taking precautionary actions wherever possible.
In India, we project total revenue, including joint ventures, to increase 15% in 2020, and we expect industry demand for trucks to decline 5% in 2020 after a 29% decline last year. Truck production will remain at very low levels in the first quarter as OEMs reduce truck inventories ahead of the planned implementation of Bharat Stage VI standards in April. We expect demand will remain low immediately following the launch of BS VI vehicles but will increase in the second half of the year.
BS VI represents a significant content opportunity for Cummins in India, and we expect to increase sales of after-treatment systems by over $200 million in 2020, offsetting continued low demand across Indian domestic end markets. With the transition to BS VI, we expect to maintain our market share leadership with our longtime partner, Tata, and begin selling after-treatment systems to a new local customer for our Components business.
We project our major global high horsepower markets will decline in 2020. Demand for new oil and gas engines is expected to decline by 40% in 2020. In North America, sales continue to be impacted by fleet replacement that occurred in 2018 and the lack of new oil well drilling. In China, we expect to see lower demand as the industry absorbs the record amount of equipment purchased in 2019.
Sales of mining engines are expected to decline by 20% in 2020, with lower demand in Russia and China primarily driven by lower demand for and investment in thermal coal.
Demand in power generation markets is expected to decline 5% to 10% driven by lower global economic growth and lower demand from data center customers where we see construction that was originally planned for this year slipping into 2021.
In summary, we expect full year sales to be down 8% to 12% and EBITDA to be in the range of 14.2% to 15.2% of sales, representing a 25% decremental margin in our base business. We expect cost savings from our restructuring activities, material cost reductions and increased pricing will partially offset the impact of lower volumes and increased variable compensation costs.
Before I hand it over to Mark, who will discuss our financial results in more detail, I'd like to take a few minutes to share some of the progress that's been made in our New Power segment, which completed its second full year of operations last year.
In 2019, we delivered full electric powertrains to both the school bus and transit bus markets. These buses are not prototypes but are full production units for commercial use. For example, our full -- first fully electric bus with our partner GILLIG went into service in Santa Monica, California, in the fourth quarter. Our Distribution business is providing service and support for these electrified buses as well as supporting the same customers with their existing natural gas and diesel fleets.
We also announced Kalmar as a partner in the first electric terminal tractor market in 2019 and with production expected to begin in early 2021. We also announced several programs with end user partners to deliver electric prototype vehicles for their use in testing, including the United States Postal Service. There are currently over 200 fully electrified vehicles with Cummins New Power Systems in the hands of our customers today.
At the North American Commercial Vehicle Show in October, we unveiled the Cummins PowerDrive, a flexible hybrid architecture, which seamlessly shifts between pure electric for environmentally sensitive areas with a 50-mile range and hybrid for jobs requiring more than 300 miles range. The PowerDrive system can be combined with various sizes of diesel or natural gas engines and battery pack outputs, providing our on-highway customers with the flexibility needed to meet the demands of their diverse jobs and markets.
We completed our acquisition of Hydrogenics last year, adding additional fuel cell and hydrogen production capabilities to our New Power portfolio. Within 60 days of closing the acquisition, we showed a fuel cell-powered truck at the North American Commercial Vehicle Show and are seeing significant interest in fuel cell technology in both on- and off-highway markets. The inclusion of hydrogen production technology as part of the Hydrogenics acquisition positions us well to support customers looking to utilize hydrogen fuel cells because lack of access to hydrogen is a significant pacing factor in fuel cell adoption.
While we are investing in our New Power segment, we are also continuing to invest in diesel and natural gas powertrains. In North America, we now provide 3 natural gas engines that meet CARB's offshore low NOx standard of 0.02 grams per brake horsepower hour, a 90% reduction from the current EPA limit of 0.2 grams.
We launched our first natural gas variant of our Hedgehog engine platform, a 78-liter for power generation applications, in 2019. And this year, we will launch several new on-highway natural gas platforms in China.
Investments in diesel technology continue to drive improved fuel economy for customers as well as lower emissions. In 2019, we launched the company's new X15 Efficiency Series, which meets 2021 greenhouse gas standards and delivers up to 5% better fuel economy.
In India, we'll launch all our new BS VI engines and after-treatment systems in 2020, driving over $200 million in incremental revenue for the company and lowering NOx by 50% and particulate matter by over 80%.
We will launch NS VI products in China over the next 18 months in preparation for full adoption in July of next year.
As you can see, we are continually innovating across our broad portfolio of power solutions, from diesel and natural gas to fuel cells, hybrid and fully electric options. We plan to provide our customers with the right technical solution for their application at the right time and to continue to be the leader in power for commercial industrial equipment.
Now let me turn it over to Mark.

Yes. Well, you remember, Andy, that we -- so far, most of the disruption has been during Chinese New Year, which -- and so we always have in our guidance the effective Chinese New Year shutdown. But starting basically Friday last week, the shutdowns have now extended beyond what we have planned in our plan or our guidance. So right now, we don't really know what the exposure is going to be, partly because we don't know how long it's going to last and partly because if it does recover pretty quickly, we expect most of the sales to come back in the year. So we don't really know what's going to happen.
But just to maybe add a few more pieces to my comments. We are basically looking at 3 different kinds of exposure. One, of course, is safety of our employees and their family. So we are very active trying to make sure that everybody has the support and resources they need. We know where everybody is. We know people are doing wellness tests. We're just trying to make sure that we're taking care of everybody. That's, of course, job one.
Job two is we want to make sure that there's no impact on customers. So we are tracking both our parts -- what's in inventory, what needs to be shipped by when, how we can proactively work to make sure that if things are -- there are extended delay, we have a least impact to customers, that's both for global shipments and Chinese shipments. So we have a very active set of activities on that.
And then third, of course, is just shipments within China. Right now, we are planning to open our facilities somewhere between February 10 and February 14, depending on where they're located and what the province schedule is. And right now, we have -- there's no backup dates given by the government, those are the dates. And so our plan is to open on those dates. And if that happens, if it happens as planned, our expectation is that the impact will be relatively modest, not 0 but not -- but modest and could possibly be made up in the year. If those were too extended further because the outbreak extends further and the government has to take further actions, then, of course, we don't know yet, but we'll have to figure out then what will happen. But we are -- worry about both shipments in China as well as shipments to markets outside of China because we do have a number of parts in China that supply plants outside.

Yes. And Jamie, just to close on that, we put quite a bit of thought into planning for this year. And so we did -- definitely took a pretty conservative view about how revenues would come out, which is now feeling pretty close to right for us. And so we did all -- as Mark said, we did all our work on the expense line. We took our actions, make sure we got them done in the first quarter, in fact, mostly by the end of January so we could benefit in the year from the savings from those, not just drag them out. But there's no question that the first quarter will be worse because we'll still be implementing those. And then, of course, the China -- the coronavirus is not helping. That is all negative to that, too. So we will expect a weaker Q1. But again, as Mark says, it's not a revenue story, it's an expense story that will really help us through the year. We've done it before, so we kind of know what we're in for.
With regard to your bigger question, by the way, it's a good one. We still see the same opportunities for market share that we talked about. We still believe that many of the OEMs are considering which investments they want to make and which they don't. And that unlike 10 years ago, when they couldn't wait to invest in more engines, they're wondering about that. But that doesn't mean that everyone in every case is going to do it, but that's still the way we see it.
With regard to the specific offer from TRATON for Navistar, that, of course, is completely expected, but it's been sort of talked about and rumored and -- for some time, it's not a surprise to us or I don't think anybody else. We have been having conversations with both TRATON, who is a partner of ours. We have a joint venture with Scania. We have a number of customer relationships with them as well as with Navistar throughout that time. We believe that we're building strong relationships with both. I mean Navistar has been a customer for a long time. So we think we have as many opportunities from this merger or if it actually goes through as we do threats. It doesn't mean that there aren't threats, but we think there's as many opportunities as threats. So we intend to play all those cards out and see how they come out. And I think both companies see Cummins as a potential asset for them in terms of how they approach their future business. So I realize that, that's just general strategy talking, not actual numbers, but until it actually occurs or doesn't and they make decisions, there's not much more that I could say other than we are very active with both of them and there -- and feel like we have opportunities with both.

Yes. We mentioned that -- in my script, I talked about Tata. We are selling also to Tata as well as to new customer. And of course, now we'll be selling after-treatment systems and other component technologies associated with BS VI that we weren't selling before.

Yes. Let me first just say that we've been active talking with PACCAR and would love to win them as a customer on the electric side, too. Needless to say that it's a significant effort for us. And while we're disappointed when they choose other people, they have their own goals and things and -- we are -- but we are active with them, let me just say it that way. So we hope to win some of their business, and we are fighting hard to do it.
More broadly, though, one thing that's true is that we are focusing a lot of our effort and attention on those markets where the near-term possibility for production level demand of new power is higher. So let me just see if I can simplify the words, even I'm confused by what I just said. I mean those products where electric and fuel cell power is more economically viable in the short term. So that's why pluses has been big focus for us. And that's why terminal tractors is a big focus for us because when you do the range, you think about the range, you think about the ability to charge frequently, you think about the loads, those vehicles can actually almost make a case of it depending on where they get their power today on electric power or on hybrid. And then same on fuel cells. A lot of our focus and attention is on trains today. It's not because we don't think there's a truck -- a viable truck thing we do, it's just that the trains are more viable now because you only have to refuel with hydrogen at one station and then the other one and then the other.
So these are -- again, it doesn't mean we are focused on the truck side, we are. But the fact is that those -- the volumes of those are likely a little further out than the volumes of these other things, and we want to make sure that we're putting our products into production, getting full testing in real-life situations. So again, it doesn't mean that we're not focused on all those other wins. It's just -- our attention is drawn there where we think the most activity is and also where the most real-life tests are. And then we -- everyone's got a lot of products and prototypes to produce and not enough battery engineers. So that's another issue for us, just trying to focus our scarce resources on the things that we think are most viable today.

No.

And Noah, just -- I mean just to call it. I mean Tony and I have talked to a lot of the OEMs and end users. And I want to be clear that we don't think we have -- smarter than any of them about what they're going to do. We're just doing our best to trying to plan our business so that we can rightsize our expenses, make the best forecast we can for you guys and for other investors. So we're just calling it like we see it.
Individual OEMs have their own view about how orders are going, what their share looks like and they can call it differently than we can. All we can do is react to schedules they are sending us, anticipate schedules they are sending us and these big picture things, which don't have a lot to do with their individual share or their individual decisions about stocking and otherwise. So I think it is one of the reasons you see these differences is that people have a different view of the market. We're standing back. We're back a step in the change, just making the best call we can make. And we have kind of tended on their conservative side in this downturn relative to the average. But in other downturns, we've been more towards the middle or more towards the upside. It's just how we see it from where we are standing here.
And again, the differences that I see and what ACT says or what we say are so small that it wouldn't change a darn thing we do. So again, I would just say, we're not looking at a different set of facts than they are or really seeing a broad difference than they are, although, again, individuals, I think these individual OEMs think they have opportunities to gain share in some segments versus others that they would know better than we do.

Great. And I'll let Tony talk a little bit more about the details. At a high level, though, Jerry, here's what's going on. You remember with the Distribution business that we -- when we merged all the independent distributors into Cummins, we mostly started with trying to figure out how to make sure we kept all the customers, we got the benefits of trying to sell across regions and things like that. We didn't really do a lot of major restructuring or efficiency work, a little bit but not very much. And so what you're seeing in the Distribution business is not only the normal kind of contraction related to the downturn because, in fact, they can track less than the rest. But their strategic effort to now get the benefits of consolidation and try to drive a much more efficient set of operations, which it's a terrific program, Tony can talk more about that. It's a great program that he and Distribution business, Tracy Embree and Jenny Bush, are leading.
And then I think on the Power Systems side, we have a little bit of the opposite. We did a bunch of restructuring actions. They had already taken a bunch of actions, which, of course, makes the results even that much more disappointing. So if you're wondering if that's the way we feel, that is the way we feel. And part of the reason is that unlike some of the other businesses, we've seen a pretty consistent, steady slide in sales and markets in the generator set business as a starting point and then a lot of volatility in some of the industrial applications. It just hasn't been as simple as it went down and it went up. In the mining market, we saw it go up, and then it kind of leveled off, and in some segments, as we mentioned, coming down. Oil and gas popped up nicely and then just blast it right back down again. So there's just been a lot of volatility in that, in the industrial side, which has produced less than stellar results than we'd like. And then on the genset, this sort of steady decline in the market, which is despite our efforts to do restructuring just has it resulted in profitability where we want it. So I guess what I'd say is we definitely are not giving up. We have a lot of work left to do to figure out how to get that business to our target profitability. We still feel confident we can. What's more is the markets are not -- we have a lot more room in market improvement as it starts to turn back up. So we -- while not happy where we are, we think that we have a lot more work to go. It's just not in this normal reduction in people and things because they already did a lot of that in previous restructurings.

Yes. What I was commenting there for Jerry is that the business hasn't been terrific for a bunch of years. I mean it's not been that declining the whole time, but it's either been flat or declining for a bunch of years. And it's just -- that's just the nature of the genset business over the last 8 or 10 years. But now -- right now, what we're seeing for the data center market is some projects slipped. So data center market has been the one bright spot. So if I went over that same period of gensets, I'd say data centers has been good throughout that time, kind of offsetting or partially offsetting a lot of the other decline. And it's been terrific. And that is the one where we saw a lot of projects scheduled for 2020, big customers that we are talking about doing things, several of them have already said, and it's now very early in 2020, hey, we're thinking about moving this to 2021. So what happens with that, we'll see, but that's not a terrific sign. It's not that surprising, though, at this stage of the market. When you start to see the industrial stuff start to come down, then capital investments like those start to move out a little bit, that's not a big surprise, but that -- we are starting to see that in the data center market for the first time.