Thank you, Jack, and good morning. Welcome to everybody. I'll start with a summary of our third quarter financial results and our market trends by region and finish with a discussion of our outlook for the rest of 2021. Mark will then take you through more details of both our third quarter financial performance and our forecast for this year.
Demand remained strong in the third quarter as the global economy continued to improve, driving strong sales growth across most businesses and regions outside of China. In China, industry-wide sales of trucks and construction equipment has slowed sharply but in line with our expectations.
We remain encouraged by the economic trends in our markets, which point to strong end-user demand extending into 2022. We also continue to see orders for our products outpace our competition as a result of their strong performance in the field.
Unfortunately, supply chain constraints continue to significantly impact our ability to produce and ship products, driving up costs and limiting sales growth in the short run. These supply chain constraints are impacting our OEM customers in much the same way.
Before getting further into our results, I want to take a moment to highlight a couple of strategic milestones in the evolution of our next-generation products and technologies.
In October, we announced that we will bring a 15-liter natural gas engine for heavy-duty trucks to the North American market. This engine was launched earlier this year in China and has been well received in the market, demonstrating excellent performance and reliability thus far. The 15-liter natural gas engine is an important part of our path to zero emission strategy by offering a significant reduction in both criteria pollutants and greenhouse gases in a product that's available today and utilizes existing infrastructure. Equally exciting is that this engine is designed to accept a range of gaseous and renewable fuels, including hydrogen in the future. In fact, all of Cummins' engine platforms are being designed with the same fuel flexibility.
At the same time, we are working with Chevron and others in the energy industry to increase the availability of renewable natural gas and other renewable fuels to ensure infrastructure is in place to meet our customers' needs.
We also signed a letter of intent to establish a joint venture between Rush Enterprises and Cummins, which will produce Cummins-branded natural gas fuel delivery systems for the commercial vehicle market in North America, combining the strengths of Momentum Fuel Technologies' compressed natural gas fuel delivery systems and Cummins' powertrain expertise, along with the engineering and support infrastructure of both companies. These are important steps in expanding our portfolio of power solutions options to help customers meet their business goals and operational objectives while also meeting increasingly stringent emission standards and achieving our customers' sustainability goals.
Now I will comment on the overall company performance for the third quarter of 2021 and cover some of our key markets.
Revenues for the third quarter of 2021 were $6 billion, an increase of 17% compared to the third quarter of 2020. EBITDA was $862 million or 14.4% compared to $876 million or 17.1% a year ago. Higher freight and logistics expenses, rising material costs and other manufacturing inefficiencies associated with the ongoing supply chain challenges in our industry more than offset the benefits of global volume increases compared to the third quarter of last year. As a reminder, EBITDA in the third quarter of last year was helped by temporary salary reductions, which lowered our costs by approximately $90 million.
Our third quarter revenues in North America grew 13% to $3.4 billion driven by higher engine and component shipments across the heavy- and medium-duty on-highway markets.
Industry production of heavy-duty trucks in the third quarter was 55,000 units, an increase of 10% from 2020 levels. Cummins sold 22,000 heavy-duty engines in the same period, up 30% from 2020 levels.
Industry production of medium-duty trucks was 26,000 units in the third quarter, a decrease of 5% from 2020 levels, while our unit sales -- our Cummins unit sales were $23,000, an increase of 25% in 2020.
We shipped 43,000 engines to Stellantis for use in the Ram pickups in the third quarter of this year, a decrease of 2% from the 2020 levels but still a very strong quarter.
Revenues for power generation grew by 2% due to higher demand in recreational vehicle, standby power and data center markets.
Our international revenues increased by 22% in the third quarter of 2021 compared to a year ago. Third quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.5 billion, a decrease of 11% due to lower demand in the medium- and heavy-duty truck markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China was 217,000 units, a decrease of 53% as the industry works through the National Standard V truck inventory on hand and lower demand for newer, higher-cost National Standard VI units.
Our unit sales and units, including joint ventures, were 40,000, a decrease of 49% versus the third quarter last year.
Our light-duty engine sales were 33,000, a decrease of 40% driven by supply chain constraints and weaker market demand.
Industry demand for excavators in China in the third quarter were 56,000 units, a decrease of 15% from 2020 levels. Our units at Cummins sold were 88,600 units, a decrease of 20%.
Power generation sales in China increased 52% in the third quarter compared to a year ago based on strong demand in data centers and other backup power applications. We continue to hold a market-leading position in the data center segment in China driven by strong end-user relationships and a compelling product offering.
Third quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $520 million, an increase of 76% from the third quarter of 2020. Industry truck production increased by 120%, while our shipments increased 135% as our joint venture partner continued to gain share. Demand for power generation and construction equipment also rebounded strongly in the third quarter compared to a very low base a year ago.
In our power systems markets, industrial engine revenue increased 33% in the third quarter compared to the same period last year driven by mining and oil and gas.
In Brazil, our revenues increased 26% driven by increased demand across all end markets.
Now let me quickly cover our outlook for the remainder of 2021. Based on our current forecast, we expect our revenue to be at the lower end of our guidance or up approximately 20% versus 2020.
EBITDA is now expected to be approximately 15%, below our previous guidance of 15.5% to 16% of sales. Our expected EBITDA margins are lower because of the persistence of the supply chain constraints and disruptions, which are now exacerbated by escalating material and freight prices.
We've lowered our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North America to 228,000 units, up 25% compared to 2020 but below our prior guidance of 264,000 units. This is again due to the supply chain constraints impacting our customers rather than a lack of end-user demand.
In the medium-duty truck market, we are decreasing our forecast for industry production to 118,000 units, up 15% year-over-year but below our prior guidance of 134,000 units.
We expect our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be up 25% compared to 2020, an increase of 7.5% from our expectations 3 months ago.
In China, we continue to expect domestic on-highway demand to decline from record levels a year ago. Our 2021 outlook for medium- and heavy-duty truck market demand is 1.65 million units. And our 2021 outlook for light-duty truck market is 2 million units, both unchanged from our previous guidance.
We continue to expect industry sales of excavators to be flat with the record levels achieved in 2020 and unchanged from our previous guidance.
In India, we anticipate industry demand for trucks to be up 75% compared to levels experienced in 2020. And our other businesses are showing promising growth due to continued infrastructure investment. This is also unchanged from previous guidance.
We now expect demand for mining engines to increase 60% in 2021, up from our expectation of 45% 3 months ago based on continued strength in commodity prices.
We continue to expect global power generation revenue to increase 15% primarily driven by the data center and recreational vehicle markets.
Summing up the quarter, strong demand across many of our markets drove continued sales growth in the third quarter. Despite this strong demand, supply chain constraints continue to significantly impact both our operations and those of our customers, resulting in higher material and logistics costs as well as capping revenue growth. We are working collaboratively with our customers and suppliers to navigate these challenges and position the company for better performance in 2022.
Customers are recognizing the strong performance of our products, resulting in our sales growing faster than industry demand in a number of important markets. We continue to invest in bringing new technology to our customers, outgrowing our end markets and providing strong cash returns to our shareholders. The company expects to return over 75% of our operating cash flow to shareholders in 2021 in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
Thank you for your time today, and now let me turn it over to Mark.

Steve, this is Tom. The one thing that everybody is still -- worry about in our industry is semiconductors. It's not that things haven't improved, some because they have, but it's marginal improvement. It's still a really tight supply chain. So there's a lot of issues across the supply chain, labor shortages, freight, et cetera. But semiconductors look like they have a longer-term capacity issue. And I'd also say the freight side of things just seems like it's not quite getting better yet, and when you look at where containers are and what ports look like.
So there's no question that, as Mark said, internally, we are working as much as we can to address our cost side, inefficiencies. He talked about going out and negotiate, getting price increases. And as you know, on the material cost side, those come automatically, but we'll have to negotiate for the rest.
It's just that some of these things look like they are likely to be somewhat persistent. That doesn't mean we're not hoping to improve them all. I just want to be realistic about there'd be some element that looks like it goes into next year, too.

Yes. Let me let Jen talk a little bit about how the China market is now and how we're seeing it, and I can jump back in and see -- talk about sort of longer-term things.

Yes. I would just pick up from where Jen dropped. The power shortages, as she said, some impacts on production but not a huge cost impact. But as you suggested, Jamie, we do think it helps us in the market. And as I mentioned in my remarks, our power gen business is positioned well in China. And now I look at China and I see us positioned across all of our markets. The truck side, as Jen said, we've got -- now got -- our automatic transmissions are taking off, our content across the engines is growing, there's more consolidation in the market. So as things start to come back, I think we're better positioned than we've ever been.
Add to it that we're now doing electrolyzers with a partner in China. We've got fuel cell launches in China. So on the New Power side, while things are moving slower in China than maybe people anticipated several years ago, that's just allowed us to position ourselves to be in those markets more strongly as they take off.
So again, to date, looking where I am today, I'd say our position in China has really never been stronger. So yes, do I wish the market was stronger this year? Sure. But I think as it turns back down, we're able to consolidate more and strengthen our position.

Ann, Tom, it's good to hear you. I really don't know because, again, there are, as you know, export -- I mean, sorry, import caps on that, too. So how much that's going to really impact prices is unclear to me. And demand, of course, for metals is pretty high now. So the markets are pretty well supported. In fact, in our mining -- you saw our mining numbers are up, and that's primarily driven by metal prices.
So just in the U.S., it feels to me like it's going to have moderate long-term impact. Short term, it may provide a little bit of a -- a little bit of relief, but I would have said that given the import caps, it's probably not a big move medium or long term.

Well, as you know, the hydrogen investments would be the same. Still, we would need to generate -- of course, we need green hydrogen in order to actually reduce the CO2 impact of the fuel. And really, hydrogen and combustion is a good answer, it's just not as efficient as a fuel cell. So if you're running a long-haul, heavy-duty truck where fuel is your #1 cost or power energy is, then that efficiency increase from a fuel cell is going to be worth it to you. If you have a relatively short range or you have a vocational truck, our view is maybe a hydrogen engine might work for you, especially if the conversion to fuel cell is too expensive and you're not having that many units.
So our view is there's a place for both. But if you want to think what's going to really drive the transportation economy 20 years, 15 years from now, you're going to need the efficiency that a fuel cell, especially with an electric system, is going to provide. So our feeling still is fuel cells win for the majority of the trucking industry. But we -- hydrogen engines are a real addition to the portfolio of products that can be available across our markets.

Jerry, it's a terrific question. And as you can imagine, it's been on my mind for a while. We did -- early in the pandemic, we did do some structural reform. I think we talked about it in some previous calls, trying to say, hey, while the market is down, let's make sure that we get our capacity rightsized. And I think we did some good work early on, on that.
But with the supply chain challenges, we've also seen a bunch of new problems that we weren't seeing before. You highlighted some of them. Do we have enough inventory in the right places? Are we outsourced in places we should be insourced? And then, of course, with trade challenges between countries, are we relying too much on cross-border trade? So all those things now are in our strategy looking forward about how we want to reposition our supply chain.
So today, what we're doing is trying to get our costs down, trying to get our production up to meet customer demand and trying to keep our supply chain people at work when it's -- they're basically working 24/7. It's been really, really rough. So I would just say that the strategic elements, while we're doing a lot of work and analysis on them, there's no question that we've taken a back seat to try to keep operations going in the last couple of quarters.
But those issues are first and foremost for us in the leadership team, thinking about how we want to position. And I'll just say this, broadly speaking, what we're thinking about is we do need to reposition what we outsource and what we insource for the future, partly because of some of the supply chain challenges we've seen here but also because the industry is likely to consolidate further. And we need to make sure that we can be the reliable supplier that we need to be for our customers. So we will be looking at that and thinking through where the right way to position ourselves in different supply chains is. But I think you've hit on a key point that there will be some optimization that will be helpful to us, both from a cost and reliability point of view over time.

As you said, off-highway is more fragmented. And generally speaking, conversations are a phase behind on-highway in battery electric powertrains, but they are common. I mean, as you guess, every major off-highway producer is trying to figure out what their long-term strategy is from a carbon point of view and sustainability point of view. So we are having conversations with many of them.
In all cases, I think the battery electric conversation, these, at a high level, strategically is the same thing. All of them need a solution. All of them want to figure out when is their cost -- the total cost of ownership for end users work out, and it generally doesn't today unless you're in a publicly financed application. If you're in a train or a bus or a ferry, okay. If you're in a commercially viable thing, it doesn't quite work out yet. And the -- but the numbers, as you know, are changing quickly, but it still doesn't work out. So they're trying to figure out how to position themselves for when it does work out, who they partner with and how.
And today, most of those partnership conversations are pushed out because there's not a viable offering to make today nor is there a way to get to a viable offering with the technologies and the costs as they are now. So everyone is looking forward and trying to figure out what does it look like.
Off-highway, I believe, strategically, will be in the same challenge that they're in today, not enough volume to justify a special one but very specific needs to their application. And our view is that Cummins will be well positioned because we'll have products in on-highway, which will give us volume and scale, and then we'll have an understanding of their application and how to adapt the technologies most effectively to off-highway so that we'll represent a good partner to them. And that's -- as you guess, that's sort of the pitch I'm making to them now that we'd be the right partner for them in battery electric as we are with engines.

I appreciate your question. And the answer is we have continued to see backlog growth in the electrolyzer business. And I'd say the big strategic move we wanted to make was to add some bigger projects to the backlog. And those conversations have been going much better. Backlog, I think last time we checked, was 60 megawatts or something, quite a good backlog, some newer, larger projects which were exciting to add in there. And of course, the problem with larger projects, they take longer to get together, so -- and more likely delays in funding. But that's where the market is going. We need to have those big ones. So it was good to see some of those come in the backlog. And I would just say that the interest in electrolyzers is still quite strong.
As you mentioned, the bill, the Build Back Better plan has some incentives in there for producing hydrogen or especially low -- carbon-free ammonia. We think that's going to be a good use of electrolyzers in the early phases of electrolyzers. We see it in Europe where there's a carbon price already, that we see some fertilizer-related projects, and it's an area where there's a lot of carbon used in fertilizer through gray hydrogen. And making that hydrogen green is a way -- there's already demand. Calculations about how to get cost equivalency are pretty straightforward. They're not easy. They take some funding and they take some incentives, which is why you see those in the bill. But what -- once you do the calculations, you can see how you can get there. So I do expect that to be one of the markets that's likely to move more quickly, especially if those incentives make it through into law. I do think it will promote the green hydrogen -- green nitrogen, I guess, the green ammonia business pretty quickly in the U.S.

Matt, it depends. But at the very top of the market, generally speaking, penetration goes up a little bit because they run out of capacity if they use both, if they have both their own demand and ours, but again, generally is not a good indicator for a given quarter. And as Mark was saying earlier, quarter-to-quarter variation is pretty high because they may have backlog. In this case, they may have unfinished trucks with more of their engines. So just quarter-to-quarter, it's hard to see.
What's more is because of the supply chain challenges, right now OEM truck production is capped by suppliers. So they're not -- we're not anywhere near the maximum production of the industry today. I mean we hope to be, based on what engine user demand was, but we're not. We're in an area where there's -- they can produce more if they could get more parts. So I think we're not really near the spot that you're asking about in terms of industry production.

Broadly speaking, Rob, the way it works is that we have OEM long-term agreements with large customers for engines and the major components. That's the sort of sectors where you see some of those long-term agreements. The benefit of those, of course, is that we can count on continued customer orders over a period of time, over a phase of production of trucks and engines. And the pricing arrangements in those, for the most part, again, each one is a little different, but the general deal is on basic material cost, there's an escalator or a pass-through. And on the rest, you need to negotiate if you want to make a change. It doesn't mean you can't negotiate, just means you have to negotiate with your partner. And then on generator sets and aftermarket where we go directly to retail customers, then we only have what's on the order book as what you can price on.
So as Mark and Jen said, this year, we priced in the aftermarket early in the year. We priced in the aftermarket again in the middle of the year. And we always are looking back at that to see if we should do more. And in gensets, we also move pricing right away. And then now what we're doing is talking with all of our OEM customers about the fact that we've had these escalators, not just freight, by the way, freight, logistics, material costs, special shipments as a result of delays in semiconductors and other products that we want to recover from them and we're in negotiations with them now.

And Rob, the thing we really need in the U.S., of course, is we need domestic semiconductor production that's targeted at the automotive industry. That's -- I mean, that's -- I don't mean to be pie in the sky about it, but that -- strategically, it's kind of a nightmare that we only have all those semiconductor wafers are coming from pretty much one factory or one set of factories in Taiwan and that we're a very small part of that company's output. That's not the ideal situation for a supply chain.
So if you had said, hey, what's the strategic plan, the strategic plan has to be to find semiconductor manufacturers who think the automotive industry is more critical to their success and ideally to have some closer to shore or onshore so that we can look at the total capacity and demand because right now, most automotive, most trucks and buses are adding a significant portion of electronics. Each revolution, each time that their new product rev come out, they add 30% more chips or sensors or something. And that's not the way the industry semiconductor -- the capacity for semiconductors is moving. So we need to add more capacity and we need to add it targeted at those customers.