Thanks, James. Good morning. I just want to state one correction of James' remarks. Retiring Chief   Operating Officer, Rich Freeland, has said he will not be available for questions after the call, unless it's about how cute his grandchildren are or about golf.
I'll start with a summary of our third quarter results and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2019. Mark will then take you through more details of both our third quarter financial performance and our forecast for the full year.
Revenues for the third quarter of 2019 were $5.8 billion, a decrease of 3% compared to the third quarter of 2018. EBITDA was $958 million or 16.6% compared to $983 million or 16.5% a year ago. Positive pricing, lower variable compensation, material cost reduction activities and lower warranty expense partially offset the impact of lower volumes and increased investments in research and engineering. 
Engine business revenues declined 11% in the third quarter compared to a year ago. Revenues in North America decreased by 6% as we began to see the impact of OEMs preparing for lower production of heavy-duty trucks in North America as well as declines in shipments to construction markets. International revenues declined by 25%, primarily as a result of lower demand in China light-duty truck and construction markets. EBITDA margin for the quarter was 14.1% compared to 14.9% for the same period in 2018 and included a $33 million charge related to ending production of our 5-liter ISV engine for the U.S. pickup market. Improved pricing and lower material costs partially offset the impact of lower volumes, reduced joint venture income and the $33 million charge. 
Sales for our Distribution segment grew by 4% year-over-year, driven by higher demand for power generation equipment in North America. Third quarter EBITDA was a record $186 million or 9.3% of sales compared to 8% in the third quarter of 2018. EBITDA margins benefited from higher volumes, positive pricing and lower variable compensation costs. 
Third quarter revenues for the Components segment declined by 6%. Sales in North America increased 2%, driven by higher demand in the U.S. pickup market, while revenues in the international markets declined by 18% as a result of lower truck demand in Europe, India and China. EBITDA for the third quarter was $286 million or 17.3% compared to 16.4% in the same quarter a year ago. The increase in EBITDA percent was primarily due to lower warranty costs and the benefit of material cost reduction programs, which offset increased investment and the development of new products to meet advancing emission standards in China and India as well as a lower impact -- excuse me, the impact of lower volumes. 
Power Systems sales in the third quarter increased by 2%. Demand in industrial markets increased 3% with lower sales to oil and gas markets offset by increased sales to marine, rail and mining customers. Power generation sales increased 8% in North America, driven by continued strength in data center markets, offset by a 4% decline in international markets, mainly in Europe and the Middle East. While sales increased compared to a weak third quarter last year, sales declined 6% sequentially with lower demand in power generation, oil and gas and mining markets. EBITDA in the third quarter was 14% compared to 14.7% a year ago. The decrease in EBITDA percent was largely due to the impact of higher material costs, including tariffs, and lower sales of industrial engines. 
In Electrified Power business, EBITDA was a loss of $36 million in the third quarter and in line with our expectations. We completed the acquisition of Hydrogenics, a leading producer of fuel cells and electrolyzers for the production of hydrogen, on September 9. Our third quarter results included $2 million EBITDA loss related to Hydrogenics.
Now I will comment on the performance in some of our key markets for the third quarter of 2019, starting with North America, and then I'll cover some of our largest international markets. Our third quarter revenues in North America were flat at $3.6 billion. Increased sales of power generation equipment, especially the data center customers, were offset by lower shipments of heavy-duty truck and construction engines. 
Industry production of heavy-duty trucks increased 3% in the third quarter of 2019 compared to a year ago and decreased 4% compared to the second quarter of this year, with low truck orders, a declining industry backlog and historically high levels of new truck inventory, driving lower industry production.
While industry truck production increased compared to last year, our shipments declined as OEMs prepare to ramp down production in Q4. Our market share through September was 32%. 
Production of medium-duty trucks increased 4% in the third quarter. A growing U.S. economy, coupled with high levels of consumer spending, low unemployment and low interest rates continue to drive demand for medium-duty trucks. Our market share in the medium-duty truck market was 78% through September compared to 81% a year ago. 
Total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers increased for the third consecutive quarter to over 41,000 units, supported by strong demand for the Ram 2500 and 3500 pickup trucks. Engine demand for construction equipment in North America decreased 30% in the third quarter. While nonresidential construction spending remains high, we are seeing industry participants take steps to reduce their equipment inventory, which currently stands at a historically high levels. 
Revenues for power generation grew by 8% due to higher demand in data center markets, partially offset by lower sales to recreational vehicle OEMs. Demand for engines in oil and gas markets declined by 86% due to continued low purchases of new fracking equipment. Our international revenues decreased by 8% in the third quarter of 2019 compared to a year ago. Third quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $1.2 billion, a decrease of 2% over the prior year. Lower demand in construction and light commercial vehicle markets was partially offset by increased demand in medium- and heavy-duty truck markets. 
Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China increased 1% compared to a year ago and was positively impacted by a prebuy of natural gas engines, ahead of the move to MS6 standards. We estimate the impact of this prebuy to be approximately 27,000 units this quarter, increasing market size by 10%. This increase, in addition to the 20,000 unit prebuy that occurred in the second quarter. Our market share improved to 16.1% this quarter from 15.6% a year ago as we increased our share at Foton and saw a shift towards over-the-road trucks versus construction-related dump trucks. 
Industry sales of light-duty trucks declined by 3% in the third quarter and 15% sequentially. Our Engine market share was 7.4%, 0.2 percentage points higher than a year ago. We continue to be impacted by increased enforcement of loading regulations where truck models that had historically been registered as light-duty trucks are now to be classified as medium-duty trucks, which limits access to urban areas and requires additional licensing for drivers. OEMs did begin to launch new light-duty vehicles in the third quarter, resulting in higher industry production than we had originally forecasted.
Third quarter demand for excavators in China increased 16% from a year ago. Our market share also increased from 15% to 15.4%, driven by the strong performance of our local partners. While industry sales and our market share increased compared to a year ago, our sales for the quarter, including joint ventures, declined 29% due to OEMs and dealers reducing inventory build primarily in the second half of last year. 
Demand for power generation equipment was flat in the third quarter with lower demand for standby power partially offset by growth in demand for data center markets. Third quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $334 million, a reduction of 29% from the third quarter a year ago with lower demand in all of our major end markets. Industry truck sales decreased 52% year-over-year, an even larger decline than we'd expected, driven by continued lack of credit availability. Credit availability also started to impact other markets during the third quarter, with construction revenues down 75% as companies struggled to finance construction projects, placing pressure on equipment purchases. 
Now let me provide our overall outlook for 2019 and then comment on individual regions and end markets. We now expect company revenues to be down 2% for the year compared with our prior guidance of flat. We are lowering our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North America 
[Technical Difficulty]
Okay. Hopefully, we're off mute now. Okay. Now concerning the industry backlog declined 31% or 61,000 
[Audio Gap] 
to 132,000 units from its peak of over 300,000 units a year ago. 
Inventory remains elevated at 81,000 units and third quarter orders of 34,000 units were the lowest since 2009. 
Industry production decreased monthly as we
[Audio Gap] 
third quarter and we expect monthly declines to continue through the end of the year. We expect our market share for the year to be at the low end of our forecast range of 32% to 34%. Market share is being negatively impacted by lower shipments to OEMs ahead of truck production cuts. 
Demand in our Parts and remanufacturing business remains stable in the third quarter as we continue to see the impact of increased capacity of fleets and lower freight demand, resulting in lower utilization of available equipment in the industry. We continue to expect Parts demand to be relatively weak through the end of this year as dealers reduce parts inventory in anticipation of lower market activity. 
In the medium-duty truck market, we're lowering our forecast for industry production to 138,000 units or up 5% compared to our prior guidance of 140,000 units or up 6% year-over-year. While retail sales of medium-duty trucks remain strong, up 13% year-to-date, industry truck production has now been above order intake for 7 months, lowering the industry backlog to levels that will result in lower build rates. We continue to expect our market share to be in the range of 74% to 76%, unchanged from our prior guidance. 
We expect our Engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be flat for 2019 compared to a very strong 2018 and unchanged from our expectations 3 months ago. Shipments of construction engines are now expected to decline 5% compared to our prior expectations of 10% growth as OEMs and dealers reduce inventories from historically high levels. 
In China, we now expect domestic revenues, including joint ventures, to be down 1% in 2019, an improvement compared to our prior guidance of down 2%. We are increasing our outlook for medium- and heavy-duty truck market demand to 1.23 million units, or down 7%, compared to our prior guidance of down 10% due to the additional prebuy of natural gas trucks that occurred in the third quarter. 
In the light-duty truck market, we now expect a 7% reduction in demand compared to our prior guidance of down 12%. This improvement is driven by OEMs launching new truck models in light of the more stringent enforcement of overloading regulations that began in the second quarter. 
We expect our market share in the medium- and heavy-duty truck market to be in the range of 13% to 14%. And in light-duty, we expect our market share to be 8% to 9%, both in line with our prior guidance. 
We now expect industry sales of excavators in China to increase 8% from the record levels achieved in 2018 compared to our prior guidance of flat. While industry sales are expected to increase this year, we are expecting lower levels of industry production in the second half of 2019 compared to 2018 as the industry prepares for lower demand in the spring 2020 selling season.
In India, we now expect total revenue, including joint ventures, to be down 20% 
[Audio Gap] 
compared to our prior guidance of down 5%. We anticipate industry demand for trucks to be 30% lower than the record levels experienced in 2018 compared to our prior guidance of down 17%. We now expect construction demand to decline 40% compared to our prior outlook of 5% to 10% growth with the lack of financing for construction projects lowering demand for new equipment. 
Demand for power generation equipment is now expected to be flat compared to 5% to 10% growth. 
In Brazil, we are now projecting truck production to be flat in
[Audio Gap] 
down from our forecast of 2% growth 3 months ago, while domestic demand in Brazil continues to increase from levels experienced in 
[Audio Gap] 
Truck production in Brazil for export markets is expected to decline 50% compared to 2018, primarily due to weak demand for trucks in Argentina. We continue to project total revenues for Brazil to be down 10% this year. 
We now expect our global high-horsepower engine shipments to be down 10% this year compared with our prior guidance of down 5%. Demand for new oil and gas engines is now expected to decline 50% compared with our prior guidance of just down 40%. 
We now anticipate sales in North America will decline by 85% compared to our 75% expectation 3 months ago, with lower demand for new equipment in the Permian Basin as well as reduced demand for engine rebuilds. The deterioration in our outlook for North America is partially offset by growing sales in 
[Audio Gap] 
which had represented 61% of our oil and gas engine sales to date. 
Demand for mining engines has moderated 
[Audio Gap] 
3 months as commodity 
[Audio Gap] 
and capital budgets have been cut. We now expect mining engine sales -- sorry, the mute on our phone keeps 
[Audio Gap] 
That's why we're seeing -- you're hearing us stuttering here. 
We now expect mining engines 
[Audio Gap] 
down 7%, lower than our prior guidance of down 5%. 
Demand for power generation equipment increased 2% compared to low levels experienced in the third quarter of last year and declined 3% sequentially 
[Audio Gap] 
locations primarily due to lower demand in India. We expect full year revenues to be down 2% 
[Audio Gap] 
We now expect full year revenues to be down 2% compared to our 
[Audio Gap] 
primarily due to lower demand in India. For the full year growth in data centers 
[Audio Gap]
is being offset by lower sales of 
[Audio Gap] 
lower demand in backup power applications in China and India and a drop in large prime power applications in Europe.
In summary, we are now expecting revenues to be down 2% for the year, lower than our prior guidance of flat. This revenue decline was driven by lower demand in domestic and international truck markets, weakness in Indian end markets and lower demand in several off-highway markets. 
Lower sales, reduced joint venture income in India and the acquisition of Hydrogenics will impact our EBITDA for the year, which we now project at 15.9% to 16.3% of sales, down from our prior guidance of 16.25% to 16.75% of sales. 
Strong execution across all of our businesses resulted in record revenues being translated into record EBITDA and operating cash flow in the first 9 months of this year. Our strong and consistent cash flow generation continues to support our plans for returning cash to shareholders and we returned $910 million of cash in the third quarter 
[Audio Gap] 
buying back 2.9% of outstanding shares.
While we were pleased with our operating performance in the third quarter, we've been working to prepare the company for what lies ahead in the fourth quarter and in [ 2020 ]. As we have discussed before, several of our end markets have been above replacement level for some time, and we are now expecting cyclically reduced demand. Our third quarter revenues declined 7% sequentially and our guidance projects that they will decline another 8% in the fourth quarter. This steep level of decline resulted in a number of actions to align costs with production levels, including a recently announced voluntary retirement package in the United States, which we 
[Audio Gap] 
will reduce headcount by 400 to 450 people. We are in the process of making additional structural changes in several areas of the business and will continue to drive actions to improve costs. 
As always, we will capitalize on the downturn period to improve our company and emerge as a stronger and more profitable Cummins. We will also maintain our investments in the key 
[Audio Gap] 
and product development programs that will ensure leadership and sustainable growth in the future. 
During the third quarter, we announced new
[Audio Gap]
power trains and launched an updated ISX15 engine for the North American heavy-duty truck market. These actions demonstrate our commitment to lead both in alternative powertrain technologies and continue to lead in traditional powertrains. 
We closed on our acquisition of Hydrogenics, one of the world's premier fuel cell and hydrogen production technology providers, in September. Their expertise and innovative approach will strengthen 
[Audio Gap] 
fuel cell capability. This is another step forward as we continue to invest in a broad range of clean, fuel-efficient and high-performing products and technologies that will deliver value to customers 
[Audio Gap]
made investment in 
[Audio Gap]
the design and manufacture of fuel cell range extenders and announced a partnership with Hyundai to jointly evaluate opportunities to develop and commercialize electric and fuel cell powertrains. 
While we increase investments on alternative powertrains, we continue to enhance our diesel and natural gas products, delivering more fuel efficiency, power and lower emissions. At the 
[Audio Gap]
vehicle show in Atlanta, we are currently showing our new ISX15 Efficiency series, the 
[Audio Gap]
with an Endurant transmission will provide up to a 5% improvement in fuel efficiency for our new 
[Audio Gap]
in 2021 greenhouse gas standards 1 year early. 
Now let me turn it over to Mark.

Mark, with all the challenges we have in fuel cells and electrification, I did not expect to be thwarted by a phone. But there you have it. 
Just to conclude our prepared remarks, as you remember, we announced on April 29 and then discussed in our first and second quarter earning calls that we are initiating an internal review of our emission certification and compliance processes for our pickup truck applications as a result of conversations with the EPA and the California Air Resources Board. Our review continues, and we are proactively working with the EPA and CARB as well as with the Department of Justice and SEC to address their questions and information requests. 
During conversations with regulators, they raised concerns that certain aspects of our emission system on the model year 2019 Ram engine may reduce the effectiveness of our emissions control systems, and thereby act as defeat devices. 
Based on these discussions, we've developed a new calibration for the engines in model year 2019 Ram 2500 and 3500 trucks that has been included in all engines shipped since September. 
During our discussions, the agencies have asked us to look at other model years and other engines, but the primary focus of our review has been the model year 2019 Ram. Consistent with the values and the history of our company, which include a strong commitment to compliance, we will work with regulators and other agencies to address the issues identified in our internal review and develop future technologies that will advance our industry. 
We are making -- already making changes to our process and organization structure as a result of our review. However, it is too soon to know what the response of our regulators or agencies will be to our review, or to determine any potential financial consequences. 
Now let me turn it back to James for Q&A.

Yes. Well, I want Tony to talk more specifically about what's happening in the truck markets. He's -- it's a good chance for him to -- he's been close to it. It's a good chance for him to just talk about that. I would just say that broadly speaking, we've seen a number of our markets been at cyclical peaks for the last couple of years, which has been terrific for the company. We generated strong earnings and cash flows as a result. But indeed, some of those markets are beginning to turn down and we've been seeing signs of that. Typical signs that we're used to reading, things like slowing orders, inventory build, et cetera. And now what we're seeing is those things starting to come to fruition. Maybe what's surprising to me is it's broader than I thought.
Like we are seeing challenges in India, challenges in China, challenges in -- even in Europe is slowing. We saw North America coming, that was all part of what we expected. But some of the challenges in some of the other markets, how quickly we've seen the large Engine markets sort of peak out and begin to turn the other way has been a little surprising. So maybe that's what's new, not the -- not necessarily that things have turned down but just how broadly and how quickly they have. 
And Tony, why don't you just talk about what you're seeing in North America.

And I guess, Jerry, just to talk about decremental margins because we will get into the framework. But as you expect, the decremental margins in the fourth quarter are not where we want them to be, and that just reflects the typical situation when the market starts falling quickly and we're still spending money on future investments. It doesn't work out in quarter 1. And so that's one of the reasons Tony is really focused, he and his staff, on how to take actions right away so that we're, as we go into 2020, we bring those decrementals around to what our goals are and you know those well. 
So we will be, as Mark said, we will be showing you the targets. We have core business. Why we're confident we can hit them, and then what are some of the other things in and around that. What are some of our new investments, et cetera, that we're having to stretch to meet. How's that all going to fit together. But needless to say, Q4 is not representing what our goal for our decremental margins is going to be. And that's just because the market is falling fast now, and we're still doing the actions that we're taking. So it's sort of hard to read core decremental margins from the quarter where all the revenues fall off.

Yes. I think it's -- from a strategic point of view, we still think the light-duty diesel business is a good business for Cummins. And as you said, we are talking to Isuzu about how to cooperate fully across that market. It's a market that requires relatively high volume and scale to be successful. And so that's one of the reasons that we think the opportunities between Cummins and Isuzu are significant. 
I think one of the things that we recognized with the Nissan-related business, the ISV, is we just didn't reach the scale we needed to reach. And that was a function of the customers and the segments that we were after. The scale wasn't there. But the scale across the light-duty segment for Cummins is significant. As you know, we have very large scale across our 3.8, 2.8, 4.5 and 6.7-liter engines. We have a global scale, which is unmatched in the industry. And that's, of course, helping us get good profits, good returns off that engine. 
And we do expect, by the way, electrification in the lower power segments to go faster and that in the higher power segments. Having said that, we think the transition is going to be relatively slow. And we think the opportunity to consolidate and earn returns over many, many years to come is there for Cummins, and ideally, there for the Cummins-Isuzu partnership. So we are investing there and trying to see what we can do to consolidate in the industry in the light-duty segment. It's just that, with the one -- the ISV, we were after a certain segment in the U.S., it just doesn't appear to offer scale for the Engine.

The credit availability issue is really in India. And just to kind of maybe provide a little bit more background, the credit market is supplied by nonbank credit institutions. Sometimes -- in the country, they call it the shadow banking system, but it's these private credit institutions. And they had a couple of bankruptcies in there in that segment and the market is largely closed, and to the extent it's opened up, prices are very high. So that's what's going up in India. So we do expect it to find its way through as things do in India. We do expect that to mitigate, we just don't think it's mitigating really fast. It's going to take some time because it's a financial problem, a financial crisis, not an economic one. So it is a significant issue in the country, and there are other economic challenges in India. So we do expect that things are definitely worse than we expected it this time, and we expect some of those things to linger. 
The opportunity for us, remember though, is BS VI is coming. So -- and we are fully prepared for BS VI. Our technology, we believe is leading in the market. We think we have not only a technology but we also have a cost and scaled leadership as well as a service network, which we think is better than competitors. So we do hope to see that this BS VI gives us an opportunity to increase share and increase profitability in India. We just think next couple of quarters are going to be rough. That's just the way I'd summarize it.

Great, Jamie. So let me let Tony talk a little bit about what's happening in North America. And I think it's applicable in some other markets, too, about inventory and [ inflatory ] corrections.

And we do expect market share -- our market share to be impacted, Jamie, to some degree in the fourth quarter as well. I mean it happens every downturn. What happens is that the OEMs basically keep building to fill orders and they slow down shipments of our engines and they use up their engines more than our engines. We see it with the market share move, just as we see it move our way when things start to get busier and full. These quarter-to-quarter variations smooth out pretty quickly, and we still expect to be in our normal range, 32% to 34% or there, or thereabouts. But even in the short term, we expect we'll see some short-term market share numbers, which are lower just because -- this is just what happens every time. So we expect it this time, too. 
I think with regard to your question about conversations with OEMs, there is no question that every OEM I talk to is wondering where they want to put their investments. Their decisions will -- are still in front of them for many of them. But they are wondering because they have -- they're looking at autonomous vehicle investments, they're looking at, of course, a whole new set of truck ranges, very competitive markets. They're looking at where they want to go internationally, what that takes and what joint ventures and partnerships they want to do. So they're thinking about telematics and other information technology investments. They are thinking about electrification, fuel cells, other CO2-related investments especially for the European truck makers. Those CO2 regs are really, really tough. So they are just staring down the barrel of a set of investments that look 2 or 3x their average R&D spend, and asking themselves what they want to do. 
They're mostly making money selling diesel engines today. So the difficulty is, do I keep selling -- investing in the things that I'm making money today? Or do I prepare myself for the future where money is going to be made tomorrow? Those are a hard set of discussions. And we are in discussions with them all the time, trying to demonstrate to them that we can help partner with them, take some of those diesel investments off the table. We also have, of course, electrified powertrains and now fuel cell powertrains to offer them, too. But all of this is to say, "We can take some of those investments and still partner with you so you can do the rest and succeed in competition." And those conversations are hot and happening all the time. Where they'll come out, we'll see. But there's no question, you can hear in my voice, but I think it's an opportunity we for us to expand our relationships with OEMs and increase our opportunities to sell more of both traditional powertrains and alternative powertrains.

So I think you have it right. So we got some -- we think are going to remain relatively sideways while the others go down. The other thing going on which you probably saw in the numbers is in the Distribution business, especially in North America, there's been still quite a bit of improvement driven from our initial acquisition of all of our North American distributors. We spent the first 4 years making sure we consolidated, got the right managers in the right place, made sure we held on to customers and let them know that we're a good distribution business and care for customers. And now what we're beginning to do is figure out how to operate those businesses more like a North American Distribution business rather than a bunch of different branches. And so we're beginning to see some improvement in profitability. We'll see where that goes from here, but there's a lot of good plans in that Distribution business. So my own view is I'd like to see it do better than sideways because I think there are opportunities for us to do better than sideways during the downturn. 
But I think Tony has called the aftermarket point just right. We always see a little bit of noise where utilization goes down here or there, [ rebuilds ] go down a little bit. But we're talking about 5% drops as opposed to 30% or 40% drops.

Yes. And by the way, we believe that with OEMs like our customers, them doing well in parts is not a detriment to Cummins. Because remember, there's a whole group of parts players, second-hand parts players and rebuild-unit parts builders and even people that are bringing in different mix of parts. And so what we are wanting to do is make sure our end customers get real quality parts, and they get a good service experience. And if they do that, Cummins and our customers grow their market share and we earn good Parts revenue. So we earn good Parts' margin selling through our OEM channels just as we do sell into our own channel. So from our point of view, just gaining share in the market through our customers and through us all looks like a win to us in terms of both revenue growth and profit growth. So for us, them -- our customers gaining share is not a bad thing but a good thing.

Joel, I'd love to throw that one to Tony, but it probably isn't there yet. I'll give him a quarter or 2, but you hit it on the head. We're not where we want to be on the PowerGen business. The good news has, of course, overwhelmingly been data centers. The data center business has continued to grow. We keep expecting it maybe to be built out, but it just turns out not to be. We're continuing to see more data center business. And of course we've now got the Asian section of data center business also growing, which gives kind of a second kick to the data center business.
The basic standby business has not been good for some time. It's not that there isn't any, there is. It's a big business and it's a lot of business for our Distribution system, but it hasn't been growing. It hasn't really recovered in any significant way. And we saw a little bit of recovery earlier this year, and thought, well, finally. And then it kind of tailed off. And then of course we've had a couple of really bad areas like the Middle East has been really bad for a while, that have just kind of pulled the life out of whatever growth we did see. So we're not exactly sure what that means about the market. We have a lot of market data about it and trying to understand what the future trend is. I mean we understand what the past is really well. What the future trend looks like is hard to see. 
But it looks like, broadly speaking, that energy demand, while still increasing, is increasing at a rate that's lower than energy capacity build, and that's mostly because while there's been growth since the downturn in 2008 and '09, the growth has been relatively modest and infrastructure has kept up as compared to the high growth we saw, especially in developing countries in the decade before. That said, we got a lot more work to do. It's still a profitable business for us and good returns, especially when you consider the fact we've got a Distribution part to it, plus we've got all the industrial business engines that come from it. But we wanted to be more profitable, and we're disappointed with where we are. There's just nothing else to say about that.

Yes. He's going to bring out pictures of his grandkids first, then he'll answer the question.

And maybe just a historical perspective, Joel, just because it's always hard when you're here at the floor to figure out does it all get right. But historically, if you'd say what -- I mean you'd say in 4 quarters, the market will be back, and there may be something unique about this, but it isn't obvious that there is something unique. So we'd expect by the end of the year that we would indeed have absorbed whatever there is. 
The one -- there's one other trend underlying. You've probably seen this, but people like the new engines and trucks. They're seeing much better performance reliability out of new engines and trucks. So I think, anything that's older than 2017, you're going to see no matter how -- wherever we are in the cycle, people are going to want to switch out those trucks and engines just because they're getting such lower operating costs out of the newer engines and trucks. That will be a little bit of a boost, I think, as we start to get out to the back half of the year.

Ann? Ann may have dropped off.

Yes, let's start with China. So clearly, in China, the construction guys overbuilt in the second half of 2018. Thinking they're going to have a great 2019, they overbuilt, and they're clearly behind the curve, right? They're -- you saw -- you heard the numbers, like the markets' up and we're down a pile and that's just because they're just selling dealer inventory and their own manufactured inventory. So that's for sure. It won't take very many quarters before they are caught up, but they're in not that strong of a market. So it's stronger than we thought it would be today, but it's not so strong. So we're hopeful they'll catch up in a few quarters but kind of just really depends on end markets. 
I think truck market's a little bit better than we thought. I think people are pretty much caught up. Nobody's really far ahead. The only thing, as you heard, was there's some prebuy done, which means they'll have some inventory, but it's mostly in gas. It's pretty small market. So I'd say, China, we got the construction markets to catch up and they're behind and the truck market's kind of on. 
In India, it's just -- we just got the rug pulled out. The whole finance thing means it's all underwrite. There's nobody carrying a bunch of inventory or anything. There's some but that's not the big problem. The big problem is the demand is all completely flat on its back. So there's really -- I mean who's behind the head is kind of the side story. 
In Europe, by the way, is straight on. So Europe's got no big challenges in inventory. A little bit here and there, but generally speaking, Europe has kind of moved from pretty good to okay. They're not -- it's not a disaster, it's just okay. And I see pretty quickly everybody's adjusting hourly rates in Europe. I was just talking to a bunch of the OEMs there, they're all adjusting down. Everybody's making the adjustments. They'll be down to the right numbers in a quarter or 2. So I'd say that's right. 
On the mining side, they adjusted super quickly. I mean in my opinion, too quickly maybe. But mining is not a disaster or anything, it just rose up and it kind of leveled out pretty quickly, and they're not over buying for obvious reasons. They already did, and it's bad. So mining is one where I don't think we have a lot of -- they're on plan. In fact, maybe keeping costs lower than they would have in the past segments. 
And then Latin America. I guess broadly speaking, things aren't very strong. We thought Brazil would be better than it is, and the big issue has been export market. The domestic demand is about where we thought. It's up a few percent in GDP, I mean, and then the underlying demand is up, but the export markets -- because Argentina is a big wreck. And frankly, all around Latin America, what you're having is a -- used to be Brazil was the problem, now you've got every other economy is a problem. And so there is a little inventory there, but the numbers have been so low that it's nothing to worry about. 
So I guess the only place I'm really worried about is China construction with regard to inventory, and we're already reporting those numbers there off. And in North America, Tony talked about this, but there'll be a couple of quarters where our market share will fall while they use their own engines and get all those -- get their truck production down and get everything leveled out, but then it will be right back to normal.

Yes, demand is picking up a little. But again, it's in a weak country, its weak set of markets. It's just that it started -- it came off the bottom, basically. Thank you, David. Thank you, bye-bye.