Thank you, James, and good morning, everybody. I will begin by providing some initial comments on our operating environment and then move to our second quarter results. 
Our company faced unprecedented volatility in demand this quarter. In April, over 70% of OEM sites that we shipped to experienced full shutdowns of their facilities. Many OEMs began the process of reopening facilities in May with increases in build rates constrained by supply chain challenges. Production rates further increased in June. The result of these shutdowns and managed reopenings was the largest decline in revenue in the company's history. 
Through a series of actions, including restructuring at the beginning of the year, temporary salary reductions and other discretionary spending cuts, our company delivered reasonable profitability, given the magnitude of the sales decline. Many of our cost-saving actions have led the sacrifices on the part of our employees. Reducing headcount and cutting pay are the last options that we use to manage expenses, given the impact on our people. While the actions we have taken this year have been necessary, I want to take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank employees for the sacrifices they are making to support the company through this challenging time.
Our employees have also worked tirelessly to navigate the unprecedented supply chain disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our supply chain organization has faced some of the most significant demand fluctuations in the company's history, along with managing to the impacts of OEM and supplier shutdowns, many of which occurred with little or no notice. If this was not enough of a challenge, we've had to rethink how we work in manufacturing and distribution facilities, adjusting layouts, staffing patterns, instituting health checks, all to ensure employee safety and lower the risk of transmission.  
Outside of our manufacturing and distribution locations, many of our engineers and office employees are still working all or part-time from home. This has presented its own set of challenges from ensuring engineers can collaborate and maintain product development schedules to the rapid introduction of global rolling out of new tools and network capacity by our RT and shared service organizations.  
We are continuing to manage our facilities and operations, putting the safety of our people first. These safety procedures often make it more uncomfortable for our people to work effectively, and nearly every one of our people had to innovate and find new methods for tasks that used to be straightforward. Again, I can only say thank you and express my gratitude for the commitment and agility of Cummins people everywhere.  
Now I'll move to a summary of our second quarter results and a discussion of our major end markets. Mark will then take you through more details of our second quarter financial performance and update you on our balance sheet and liquidity.  
Revenues for the second quarter of 2020 were $3.9 billion, a decrease of 38% compared to the second quarter of 2019. EBITDA was $549 million or 14.3% compared to $1.1 billion or 17% a year ago. The impact of lower volumes was partially offset by the benefits of restructuring, lower variable compensation, temporary salary reductions, reduced warranty costs and higher joint venture income. The increase in joint venture income was primarily due to record levels of demand in China.  
All 4 of our mature operating segments remained solidly profitable in the second quarter with only the New Power segment incurring operating losses as we continue to invest in new products and technologies ahead of broad market adoption. 
The Engine business revenues declined by 47% in the second quarter compared to a year ago. Lower production in North America truck markets, along with weaker demand from global construction customers, drove most of the revenue decline. The EBITDA margin for the quarter was 10.5% compared to 15.4% for the same period in 2019. Cost savings related to restructuring activities and salary reductions as well as increased joint venture income, partially offset the impact of lower volumes.  
Sales for our Distribution segment declined by 21% year-over-year, with lower revenues in domestic and international markets. Second quarter EBITDA was $160 million or 10% of sales compared to 8.5% in the second quarter of 2019. EBITDA margins increased as we continue to realize the benefits of our transformation work in North America as well as the impact of lower variable compensation expenses.  
Second quarter revenues for the Components segment declined by 38%. Sales in North America declined 55%, driven by lower truck build rates, while revenues in international markets declined by 9% as a result of lower truck demand in Europe and India. Revenues in China increased 63% and represented a new quarterly record for the Components group. EBITDA for the second quarter was $141 million or 12.3% compared to 16.1% in the same quarter a year ago. EBITDA percent decreased as the impact of lower volumes was partially offset by the benefits of restructuring, temporary salary reductions and reduced warranty costs.  
Power Systems sales in the second quarter declined 35% year-over-year. Industrial sales declined 33%, driven by continued weakness in oil and gas and mining markets. Power generation sales decreased by 37% with lower revenues in both North America and international markets. EBITDA in the second quarter was 11.7% compared to 14.4% a year ago. The impact of lower volumes, again, more than offset the benefit of cost reduction actions and lower warranty expense. 
In the New Power business, EBITDA was a loss of $38 million in the second quarter, in line with our expectations. 
Now I will comment on some of our key markets, starting with North America, and then I'll cover some of our largest international markets.  
Our second quarter revenues in North America declined 48% to $2 billion. We experienced lower demand in all end markets, with OEM shutdowns impacting build rates of trucks and construction equipment. Power generation shipments declined due to project delays, and our parts and service business was negatively impacted by end users delaying vehicle maintenance. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks declined 71% in the second quarter compared to a year ago and 54% sequentially. 
Year-to-date, our market share is 33%, an increase from the second half of 2019, even as industry production declined. We began shipments of our X12 engine to freightliner for use in their Cascadia day and sleeper cab models this quarter. Our entry into the regional haul market with a low weight X12 will further support our leading share in this market.  
Production of medium-duty trucks decreased by 61% in the second quarter. We continue to maintain our clear market share in the medium-duty truck market with over 80% of new trucks powered by Cummins powertrains in 2020.  
The total shipments to our North American pickup truck customers decreased 71% compared to a year ago and were impacted by OEM shutdowns during the second quarter. In domestic off-highway markets, engine sales for construction equipment decreased by 43% from the near-record levels experienced a year ago. Revenues for power generation equipment fell by 38% with lower demand in RV and backup power markets. Demand for engines in oil and gas markets declined by 88% due to a reduction in equipment purchases of new fracking equipment. Our aftermarket sales in North America fell 25% compared to last year and were negatively impacted by low truck utilization, especially in April and May, industry destocking activity and customers delaying scheduled maintenance.  
Now I'll turn to our major international markets. International revenues decreased by 20 -- 22% in the second quarter of 2020 compared to a year ago. Second quarter revenues in China including joint ventures, were $1.9 billion, an increase of 30% and a record for the company. Demonstrating the flexibility of our supply chain teams, our manufacturing facilities' transition from full shutdown in March to making a record number of engines, turbochargers and after treatment systems in April and continued producing at those record levels in May and June.  
In the second quarter, industry demand for medium and heavy-duty trucks in China increased by 61% compared to a year ago. The record level of demand was driven by delayed purchases from the first quarter and government policy, which increased the scrapping of old NS3 trucks. Our market share was 15%, up 13% -- up from the 13%, excuse me, in the second quarter of 2019 due to the strong performance of our X12 engine with fleet customers. Fleet customers now represent 20% of the market in China, and they continue to transition to a total cost of ownership model, focusing on fuel economy and reliability. We expect this trend to continue, providing opportunities to increase our market share as we launch our NS VI products across the country next year. Industry interest in automated manual transmissions has also increased, and we currently expect to sell over 1,000 Endurant AMTs in China by the end of this year.  
Industry sales of light-duty trucks increased by 43% in the second quarter, and our market share was 8%, flat with last year. In cities where NS VI regulations are already in place, we are seeing strong acceptance of our new engines, with market share above our current 8% level.  
Second quarter demand for excavators in China increased by 63% from a year ago. The central government is encouraging increased level of borrowing by local municipalities to support investment infrastructure and housing projects, resulting in increased excavator demand. Our market share was 17% compared to 16% a year ago, driven by the strong performance of our domestic OEM customers. Demand for power generation equipment in China was flat compared to a year ago with increased demand from data center customers, offset by weaker demand for standby power.  
Second quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $106 million, a reduction of 77% from the second quarter a year ago. Industries truck sales in India decreased 93%, while construction and power generation sales declined by more than 75%, all driven primarily by nationwide and regional shutdowns in response to COVID-19. The truck industry transitioned to BS VI standards on April 1, which will result in additional revenues for our components business. And we've added Ashok Leyland as a new customer of our Emission Solutions business. During the second quarter, we also finalized an agreement with Mahindra, an Indian truck and tractor company, to supply an on-highway 4-cylinder BS VI compliant engine, further cementing our leading position in the India truck market. 
Outside of India and China, we saw year-over-year revenue declines of 29% in Europe and 59% in Latin America, primarily due to lower truck production driven by COVID-related OEM shutdowns. Global sales of mining engines declined 35% compared to a year ago. Demand remained stable among copper and iron ore miners, where commodity prices have risen by over 30% compared to their April lows. In contrast, coal prices remain below $50 per metric ton, resulting in lower demand for equipment by coal miners. 
While demand was weak across most of our markets during the second quarter, we continue to strengthen existing relationships with OEMs and developing new customers for our products. We are working hard to support our customers and partnering in new ways during this challenging period, enabling us to benefit when markets recover and driving improved market share in the future.  
While we continue to strengthen our position in diesel and natural gas markets, we are also focused on opportunities for our New Power segment. We have 200 Cummins-powered battery electric buses in service throughout North America, and we'll start selling electric powertrains to Kalmar for use in the terminal tractor market in late 2021. We expect adoption of battery electric powertrains to increase in bus and terminal tractor markets over the next several years, with adoption in segments of the medium-duty truck market occurring thereafter. Our products in the field are being supported by our wholly-owned Distribution business, providing customers confidence in product uptime as this technology is used for the first time in commercial applications.  
During the second quarter, 2 trains powered by Cummins fuel cells completed an 18-month trial in Europe with over 180,000 kilometers traveled. By 2022, there will be 41 of these types of trains powered by Cummins fuel cells running in Europe, making Cummins the leading provider of fuel cells for trains globally. We are in active conversations with OEMs and end users about how to utilize both our PEM and solid oxide fuel cells in a variety of applications, including trains, ships, data centers and on-highway vehicles. We have fuel cell-powered trucks running to date in both Europe and North America.  
In addition to the opportunities we see in fuel cells, we have a leading portfolio of both alkaline and PEM electrolyzers, which will be a critical part of the infrastructure to support the hydrogen economy. Our portfolio of electrolyzers are already being utilized in a variety of applications today, including on-site hydrogen production for fueling stations, industrial applications and more recently in larger scale power to gas applications. In the second half of 2020, we will complete the largest PEM hydrogen electrolysis plant in the world with Air Liquide. The 20-megawatt facility in Becancour, Canada will be capable of producing 3,000 tons of hydrogen annually.  
With a leading product portfolio and a presence in Europe, North America and China, our hydrogen business is well positioned to grow as investments in hydrogen production and fuel cells increase around the world. To more fully discuss how we expect these markets to grow and how Cummins will participate in this rapidly developing industry, we will be holding Cummins Hydrogen Day for investors and analysts the morning of November 16. We hope you will all be able to attend this virtual event.  
While we are excited about the opportunities ahead of us in advanced diesel, natural gas and the new power markets, we will continue to face uncertain market conditions in the second half of 2020. We expect consolidated company revenues in the third quarter to increase from second quarter levels in all regions, except China, where we expect declines from the record levels we experienced in the second quarter. The pace of market recovery will differ, though, from region to region and may change based on government actions both to control the spread of COVID-19 and/or to stimulate their economies and build business and consumer confidence. Our leadership team is very experienced in managing through periods of volatility in demand. We are prepared for a range of demand scenarios and know that these may differ by region and end market as the full impact of COVID-19 becomes clearer.  
Due to the uncertainty that remains within our markets, we will remain focused on managing cost and cash flow in the second half of the year while continuing to invest in the products and technologies that will drive profitable growth for the company. When demand returns, which it will, Cummins will be in a strong position to deliver the products and services that will drive our customers' success and deliver even stronger financial performance.  
Now let me turn it over to Mark.

Andy, it's Tom Linebarger. Thanks for joining us today, and thanks for your question. The answer is there are scale opportunities across applications, and there are differences. So we do -- we're an investor in stack technology, and there is definitely scale opportunities. And I would say, the major driver to making fuel cells competitive besides hydrogen costs for fuel is volume on the stack and related components. And that volume will provide benefits and cost as well as just technical learning even across applications. 
One thing about trains is, of course, they're much lower volume than trucks, but they take a lot more fuel cells or a lot more stacks. So we will be delivering in those trains, pretty high volumes of fuel cells that will allow us to move to a more cost-effective manufacturing technology as well as other supporting components being able to buy those at a lower cost. So there are clearly scale opportunities, and there's also some application-specific work necessary in controls and other areas to make it work in a specific application.

Thanks for the question, Jerry. And my -- our view about electrolyzers is evolving, given our relatively recent entry into the space. I think our first thought was we needed electrolyzers in order to make sure there was fueling available for our fuel cell applications. As you mentioned, we now see that there is a significant opportunity to expand that strategic view. And of course, all the investments we're making in electrolyzers are incremental to Cummins' current business. So it does provide a significant growth platform for us. 
We also do have some experience, of course, in the power generation field where there is some overlap in how projects are done and the way they're engineered. So that's helping us some. And the incentives now in Europe, especially, but in China also and other parts of the world, to produce hydrogen, especially green hydrogen, which require PEM electrolyzers, of which we're one of just a few manufacturers today. The incentives are significant, and they just -- as you saw, the Europeans were in roll out, they're large and they're available now. So we are expanding our investment in both R&D but also in product launch to make sure that we have the right sizes and range of electrolyzer technology available. We are also partnered with Air Liquide, who is involved in the market significantly, but also involving ourselves with other partnerships, like you probably saw that we had done this -- we did this joint venture with NPROXX, which is a tank technology company, so that we can provide high-pressure tanks, which is important for storage and transportation in the hydrogen economy. So we are adding technologies. We're adding partners, making sure that we can participate more significantly in this market, given the growth opportunity. And as you mentioned, the timing is now. So we are expanding our presence there.

I don't mind at all, Jerry. Thanks for bringing it back. I really don't know, to be honest, because part of the challenge is how big a range of electrolyzers will we participate in. And then also, fuel cells, it depends on what percentage of the truck market they eventually win and that sort of thing. But I do -- definitely, it's a wider field. Let's just agree to that. It's a wider field. So if we participate in every part of generating hydrogen, it would be larger. No question about it because we can serve everyone else's fuel cells as well. But our feeling is that both represent significant opportunities, but the electrolyzer opportunity is in front of the truck opportunity for fuel cells. So it's -- meaning, earlier in time. So that's why we are pursuing the electrolyzer opportunity with more effort to get more products in the market sooner.

Jamie, this is Tom. I wanted to just add, like maybe just give you a sense of what our approach is, is that we took the permanent actions associated with the Q4 work that we're really aiming at a downturn for the year. We had a sales estimate for the year, and we aimed the cost at that structure. Then COVID hits and takes the sales down significantly lower, ideally on some temporary basis. And we really just don't know at this stage how much -- where we're going to level out on sales between the lowest level we hit and where our original estimate for 2020 was and 2021. But as we get a better view of that of what 2021 starts to look like, if our cost structure is appropriate for 2021, we will continue to look at actions and all the -- because all the time we're going through it, and that's fine. But if we see a sustained lower revenue in 2021 and beyond, that doesn't really match where we aimed or SAR or SG&A at the end of last year, then we'll have to take another reduction. 
So what we're going to try to do in Q4 is we will get the temporary ones back. And if the revenue trend looks right, it looks like we're getting back to kind of where we thought we would be, then we'll be there or thereabouts, and we'll have to do relatively modest things. If we're -- if we think we're in a sustained lower period, then we're going to have to do more than that. And we are prepared for both. In fact, we started in May, creating scenarios for all those different things and asking ourselves what would be our strategic set of actions under each circumstances. And as Mark said, we're not done with that work because we rolled into our planning work this fall. But we have already been looking at that and asking ourselves what would we do in every circumstance. So we will be ready for whatever revenue scenario we finally decide we're going to aim for in 2021.

Steve, it's Tom. We don't have a lot of backlog. It's not -- the only place we really get backlog is in the power generation projects. And even there, I'd say they're pretty short now. And in the truck market, they have some backlogs, but of course, they're managing those backlogs by increasing production and decreasing production. And so there, how they change their production week to week influences what their demand on us is. 
Here's what we're seeing, though -- I mean just to give you a sense for what we're seeing. In North America, the truck makers are definitely stabilizing their production rates. They're seeing stronger demand. Not -- it's not fabulous. It's just stronger. It's just ramped up to the June levels. And as Tony said, it looks like it's kind of leveling out there. They're feeling pretty good about that. But nobody is confused that the question of whether it holds there or decreases depends a lot on how sick everybody gets. And so if we continue to see rises in cases in the U.S., and we have to continue to revert more and more towards economic shutdowns again, you should expect demand to fall off again. If the reverse happens and things start to get better and the COVID cases start to decrease again, we expect things to gradually keep opening and getting better. 
So most of us are looking at that and saying, "We don't really know how to call that yet." And that -- and if you took that exact movie we just talked about and played in India and in Western Europe and in China, you'd play a slightly different movie or a very different movie, depending on which place. So I think that's why we're being cautious about demand trends. We are where we are in a sense that we see things stabilizing and increasing slightly month-by-month in truck markets in Europe and the U.S. and things like that. And we -- our concern about China is it was just so hot for a quarter. We just don't understand how it sustains that level for the rest of the year. So we think it probably tips down. We don't have -- we certainly don't have enough backlog to be able to tell you that. But we do -- that's what we expect, and we feel pretty confident about that. 
So that's kind of what we know. And the rest of it, frankly, we're just trying to figure out how to be ready for all of it. And I know that's not very helpful from a model prediction point of view, but that's just unfortunately the situation we live in.

I would agree, David. And I just -- it really just goes back to this point I was making before about what happens with the disease in these different markets. I think if we expect things to get not worse than today and in fact, start to trend better, in the U.S. and in Europe, in some of these places where we have strong markets, if those things continue to get better on a steady basis, our hope is -- what we'll see is, as you mentioned, demand increase in our major markets, even if they tip down a little bit in the red hot China. And that will kind of more than offset it. And that will also offset the costs coming back in the business. But as we note -- as we watched happen in July, everything went the wrong way from the disease point of view. It just seems like every place started to go back to almost to stage one. If you're in Indiana, where we're headquartered, they just put in a new mask order just this Monday. So it's -- we just don't know where that heads. And I know that, again, that's frustrating to us. It's frustrating to you. 
But that fourth quarter question, when we had done our planning back in May, we thought, "Oh, this fourth quarter is where things start to tick up. That's when these temporary costs could come off and we'll have revenues to support that, and that will be fine." And now our only question is, is that true. It seems like it should be true, but we just don't know.

We made a commitment to our employees that we would restore the comp in the fourth quarter. We think we've probably done as much of that as we can do on paying people lower salaries for -- and also cutting their hours. So our view is that, that part, we're going to reverse. The variable comp, as you know, that just goes by how our earnings go. So if earnings are weak, then variable comp will continue to be lower than planned. So that will continue to be a cost reduction over what our plan was. So part continues and part would not come back. 
And then I think as we were talking earlier with Jamie, that's -- our feeling about restructuring is that if it comes -- if we feel like the revenues will not really come back, I mean, if it's not just Q4, if it's going to continue for a while, then we'll have to think through how we take more structural cost action towards the end of the year to position ourselves properly. 
So Q4 is interesting, but really, 2021 would really be the focus of those actions, right? That's really where -- so trying to predict, if revenues are not coming back in Q4, does that mean there's on the sustained down trend? Or are they -- are they just -- is it just a blip and they're about to come back? And that's what we'll have to figure out. And I think we will have a lot more information about that in our next earnings call, and we'll be able to give you guys a much better view of what we see. 
But again, I think what you can expect from us is irrespective of the scenario, we will be managing costs in an appropriate and aggressive way. And we will not be -- we will be keeping the cost in that we think have everything to do with the growth and profitability of the future of the company. So those -- that will be the balance we'll be striking, and we'll continue to rebalance and restrike it depending on kind of what we see from a revenue point of view. But I think Mark's quote was the best. It's kind of a revenue deal from here through the end of this year. If revenue strengthens up, then Q2 will be all low. And if it doesn't, then it won't, right? If it starts to drop again, then it won't.

James, I just want to add [ and I thank you ] as well. And I apologize for any technical difficulties, including the unwanted guest that was my dog, [ Ellie ]. But thanks for hanging in there with us, and thanks for your support for Cummins. Bye-bye.