Thank you, Jack. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with a summary of our first quarter financial results, and then I'll talk about our sales and end market trends by region and finish with a discussion of our outlook for 2021. Mark will then take you through more details of both our first quarter financial performance and our forecast for this year.
Demand accelerated in the first quarter as the global economy continued to improve, driving strong sales growth across most businesses and regions and resulting in solid profitability. The strength and breadth of the rebound in demand has surpassed our original expectations, and we've raised our full year outlook. We were particularly encouraged by the significant growth of our Components business in the first quarter, which is now clearly capturing the benefits of the increasing content we are able to offer our customers and partners as they move towards more complex and stringent emissions regulations in China and India. This business is also benefiting from its global leadership position as truck markets recover.
While the strong demand across our end markets generated strong revenues, the pace of recovery has placed a strain on global supply chains, leading to increased costs and significant challenges in fulfilling all of our customers' orders. The shortage of key components such as semiconductor chips has been the primary challenge with adverse weather conditions, labor shortages in some regions and bottlenecks in global logistics, further adding to order backlogs.
The ability to supply is our key focus now, and we are doing everything we can to mitigate the impact. I want to thank our global employees, especially those in our supply chain and manufacturing operations, and our committed suppliers for their extraordinary efforts to manage through these challenges and supply our customers. We are optimistic that the situation will improve in the second half of the year. However, we expect demand to remain strong, making it difficult for the supply chain to catch up, unless the industry extends the order cycle.
Before moving to our first quarter financial performance, I wanted to take a moment to highlight a few important strategic partnerships that we announced during the first quarter. These new and expanded partnerships are consistent with our strategy to deepen our relationships with key customers in existing segments while continuing to invest in new and alternative power solutions.
As the leading independent global power solutions provider, Cummins is committed to ensuring our customers have the right solution anywhere and everywhere our customers operate by offering them a broad range of power solutions from advanced diesel, near-zero natural gas, fully electric, hydrogen and other technologies.
In February, we announced a global strategic partnership for medium-duty engine systems with Daimler Truck and Bus. As part of the partnership, Cummins will invest in the further development and global production of medium-duty engines and components for Daimler Trucks and Buses. The partnership builds on our strong existing relationship with Daimler's North American brands. In North America, Daimler will replace their vertically integrated engines with Cummins engines ahead of CARB regulations in 2024 and EPA regulations in 2027. In addition, Cummins engines will be used in Daimler medium-duty chassis in Europe, Brazil and India, coinciding with next-generation emissions regulations in those regions. In the future, global medium-duty engine systems for Daimler Trucks and Buses all over the world will be provided by Cummins.
We also announced a global medium-duty partnership and advanced engineering collaboration with Isuzu, building upon the Isuzu/Cummins power partnership formed in 2019. Isuzu trucks powered by Cummins B6.7 diesel platform engines will be introduced in North America first in 2021 and in Japan, Southeast Asia and other regions at later dates.
Finally, in March, we announced a medium-duty engine offering with Hino, where Cummins 6.7 and L9 engines will be available on Hino trucks in North America by the end of this year.
In addition to the above announcements, we continue to investigate areas in which we can strategically collaborate with global OEMs across a number of regions, technologies and power solutions. We believe these collaborations will not only allow us to significantly grow our core Engine and Components businesses, but will also further strengthen the important relationships we have with a number of OEMs and end users. These relationships, coupled with our application expertise and broad sales and service channel, will position us well to manage the transition from internal combustion engines to lower carbon hybrids and eventually to zero-emissions products in the future.
Now I will comment on the overall company performance for the first quarter of '21. And we'll cover some of our key markets, starting with North America, before moving on to our largest international markets.
Revenues for the first quarter of 2021 were $6.1 billion, an increase of 22% compared to the first quarter of 2020. EBITDA was $980 million or 16.1%, compared to $846 million or 16.9% a year ago. EBITDA dollars increased as a result of stronger sales and record joint venture income, partially offset by significantly higher premium freight and other costs associated with supply chain disruptions as well as higher variable compensation expense. Our profitability, especially in the Engine business, was impacted more than expected by supply chain disruptions due to the extraordinary measures we had to take to meet customer commitments.
Our first quarter revenues in North America grew 7% to $3.3 billion, driven by higher industry build rates of heavy-duty trucks and light-duty pickups. Industry production of heavy-duty trucks in the first quarter was 60,000 units, an increase of 15% from 2020 levels, while our heavy-duty unit sales were 23,000, an increase of 25% from 2020.
Industry production of medium-duty trucks was 32,000 units in the first quarter of 2021, an increase of 2% from 2020, while our unit sales were 27,000 units, an increase of 5% from 2020. We shipped 42,000 engines to Stellantis for use in their Ram pickups in the first quarter of '21, an increase of 49% from the 2020 level. Revenues for power generation grew by 10% due to higher demand in recreational vehicle and data center markets.
Our international revenues increased by 45% in the first quarter of 2021 compared to a year ago. First quarter revenues in China, including joint ventures, were $2.1 billion, an increase of 95% due to the higher sales in on-highway and construction markets. Industry demand for medium- and heavy-duty trucks in China was 587,000 units, an increase of 95%, driven by increased NS V prebuy ahead of a broader NS VI implementation in July of this year and an effort to secure inventory amid supply chain concerns. Our sales in units, including joint ventures, were 91,000 or an increase of 146%. The light-duty market in China increased 73% from 2020 levels to 581,000 units, while our units sold, including joint ventures, were 45,000 units, an increase of 63%.
Industry demand for excavators set another quarterly record of 127,000 units in the first quarter, an increase of 84% from last year. Our units sold were 21,800 units, an increase of 107% as our customers continued to gain market share. Demand for power generation equipment in China increased 41% in the first quarter, driven by growth in data center markets and higher demand for standby power.
First quarter revenues in India, including joint ventures, were $577 million, an increase of 82% from the first quarter a year ago. Industry truck production increased 63%, while our shipments increased 88%, driven by better penetration with our JV partner as the heavy-duty commercial vehicle segment recovered from a year ago. Demand for power generation and construction equipment rebounded strongly in the first quarter as economic activity continued to improve. In Brazil, our revenues increased 31%, driven by increased demand in most end markets.
Now let me provide our outlook for 2021, including some comments on our individual regions and end markets. We have raised our forecast for total company revenues for 2021 to be up 20% to 24% compared to our prior guidance of up 10% at the midpoint. This guidance reflects a stronger outlook in most markets and regions. We've raised our forecast for industry production of heavy-duty trucks in North America to 264,000 units, up 45% compared to 2020 and above our prior guidance of 255,000 units.
Despite the supply chain constraints our industry is experiencing, demand has continued to outpace our expectations from the beginning of the year. In the medium-duty truck market, we are increasing our forecast for industry production to 140,000 units, up 35% year-over-year and above our prior guidance of 125,000 units. We expect our engine shipments for pickup trucks in North America to be up 15% compared to 2020, an increase of 10% from our expectations 3 months ago.
In China, we continue to expect domestic on-highway demand to decline from record levels a year ago despite the strong start to the year. However, we are increasing our outlook for medium- and heavy-duty truck market demand to 1.5 million units, compared to our expectations of 1.3 million units at the beginning of the year. This would still represent a 15% decline from 2020. In the light-duty truck market, we continue to expect a 7% reduction in demand, in line with our previous guidance. We now expect industry sales of excavators to decline 10% from the record levels achieved in 2020. This compares to our prior guidance of down 20%.
In India, we continue to project broad recovery versus 2020. We anticipate industry demand for trucks to be up 90% compared to levels experienced in 2020, and our other businesses are showing promising growth due to continued infrastructure investment. We do anticipate lower demand in all end markets in the second quarter due to new lockdowns as a result of an increase in COVID-19 cases and are monitoring the events in the ground closely. Given the rapid increase in COVID cases in India, we are very concerned about the health and safety of our employees and those of our suppliers and partners. We are continuing to operate all of our manufacturing facilities, but with robust safety measures in place.
In Brazil, we continue to forecast truck production to increase 25% in 2021. We now expect demand for mining engines to increase 45% in 2021, up from our expectation of 15% 3 months ago. And that's due to continued strength in commodity prices.
Demand for power generation equipment increased 18% in the first quarter, and we continue to see strong order activity in most geographies and segments. We are now expecting global power generation revenues to increase 15% compared to our previous forecast of about 5%, primarily driven by data center and recreational vehicle markets.
In summary, we are increasing our revenue outlook for the year with year-over-year growth expected in most major regions, except China. Demand in China remained very strong in the first quarter, but we do anticipate a weaker second half of the year, driven in part by the transition to the new National Standard VI emissions regulations for trucks beginning in July. We are increasing our EBITDA guidance range from 15.5% to 16%, compared to 15% to 15.5% at the beginning of the year, due to stronger volumes and improved outlook for JV income, which we expect to more than offset significantly higher supply chain costs.
During the quarter, we returned $615 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, consistent with our plan to return 75% of operating cash flow to shareholders for the year.
We continue to take necessary precautions at all of our facilities to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, and our focus remains on the health and safety of our employees. We are optimistic that continued vaccination distribution globally will reduce the impact of the virus in the second half of the year, but there is still a risk of an increase in cases somewhere in the world that could result in lower customer demand, additional facility shutdowns or additional supply chain constraints in the future.
Having managed through an extremely challenging 2020 and a dramatic ramp-up in the first quarter of 2021, Cummins is in a strong position. We have secured some important new business wins in our Engine and Components businesses. And at the same time, we continue to invest in future growth, bringing new technologies to customers and generating strong return for shareholders.
Thank you for your time today. And now let me turn it over to Mark.

Yes. Thanks, Jerry. Here's what I would say is, broadly speaking, as we've said in previous calls, we are talking now to every OEM about their technology requirements going from today all the way through the eventual transition to zero carbon. And those technologies include diesel and more advanced versions of diesel, natural gas, hybrid, electric and fuel cell. And as I've also said before, for many of them, the diesel side looks less viable from an investment point of view just because their volumes are relatively smaller than ours and most ranges -- but certainly in midrange. So that's, I think, why you're seeing the announcements you're seeing.
In addition, though, we are offering them the other technologies, including transition technologies, to help them figure out how to get from where they are now to a place that's a viable zero carbon solution down the road.
I would say that all those conversations are all going on, but it's difficult now for OEMs to understand what the timing of those transitions will look like and exactly what their technology approach wants to be, just as it is for most market watchers. It's hard because the viability of those technologies in terms of cost depends on either carbon tax or regulations or something else coming into play because still, diesel is quite a bit cheaper than those other solutions today. And of course, it's providing improved fuel economy with every generation.
So yes, those conversations, as you suggest, are going on. But I would just say that, for the most part, we're doing work with folks. But what exactly their plans are going to be and what role we're going to play in those future technologies is still being talked about. Whereas the diesel stuff is moving now because they have to make investment choices today. Do I invest in the new platform? Or do I have someone else invest?

I would say, if you're thinking about passenger cars and that sort of thing, my view is that there are limited opportunities there. It's not zero. We are having conversations with people, but it's less. And I think primarily because I think most passenger car companies see investing in new diesel platforms is probably not a good investment. They're thinking themselves that they're trying to invest more for a nearer-term future of conversion to hybrids or electric vehicles.
Again, that isn't true across the board. I want to be clear. Pickup trucks and some of the others are -- the transition is less clear. But even there, I'd say that the movement is more of that direction than it is towards let me think about what my next diesel platform is.

Yes. So let me first address the heavy-duty question, Ross. Thanks for that. On heavy-duty, of course, what Daimler's decision would be on that would be best to ask them, not us. But I would just say that we are -- we're having conversations on heavy-duty with a number of partners. As you guessed, the volume discussion that I mentioned earlier about trying to invest for limited volume, it's much more dramatic in medium-duty. The relative volume of our customers versus ours is dramatically different in midrange. It's not -- it is different in heavy-duty, too. We clearly have a larger position, but it's not as big a difference.
So those conversations are likely to take longer. And it's not as easy a call for an OEM on heavy-duty as it is on medium-duty. That said, they still have platform investments to make and as do we. And so the question is how many of us want to make those. So I do expect more partnerships to occur on heavy-duty. It's just that those conversations are still ongoing.

I would say, Ross, it's hard to say. Here's what I think is that, not surprisingly, some of the new companies that are starting up that are pure plays and in low-carbon technologies, having trouble, demonstrating a business model that works now. That's not surprising because the volume is really low. I mean it's -- people know the transitions are coming at some point, but they're not viable without regs or some other kind of carbon tax or something that moves the needle. So they're struggling to show a business model. That shouldn't surprise anyone. That's how it is.
And our view is that we are well positioned to provide people with solutions today, solutions that are kind of transition kind of solutions, natural gas and hybrid and then final solutions. And so we hope that proves to be the best answer, and we think investors do well to find companies like us who can take the whole -- make the whole lap.
But again, I think the timing of how that's going to work and what's going to -- whether supply chain is changing people's mind or it's just the business models that don't look viable, I'm not sure. But I noticed the same thing you do, that there is volatility both in the capital flows and the values of these companies and also in their perception of success. And I'm sure they'll have a brighter day as well as they have a cloudy day today. We just think we have the most robust solution at Cummins.

Steve, I mentioned in my remarks, these transition solutions are important because the zero carbon solutions that we're working on are -- those are the eventual solutions that will win the day. But eventual is the hard part, that again, the cost and the infrastructure requirements of electric fleets and/or fuel cell or hydrogen fleets are significant. And so we believe working with OEMs that we'll be able to get those costs and those infrastructure in place, but we'll need infrastructure. We'll need other investments by governments and other things to get that done.
So in the meantime, these interim solutions are going to play a significant role. And how long interim is isn't clear, and it could be extended. So our view is that natural gas and hybrid and some of these other technologies that we have will really help our customers get through those periods, which, again, could be -- we could sell across our range of 1 billion engines in those ranges before -- transition could be 1 billion engines. I mean it's a lot of engines over the years, right, with -- across the entire industry across multiyear. So it's really -- it's important to be thoughtful about those transition technologies just like it is the final solutions.

Steve, the answer to the first question is yes. We are definitely working on projects now. They're specific. They're very specific. They have launch dates, and they will be launched this -- in these next several years. We will have hybrids on the road. We will be selling them through our key strategic OEMs. So hybrids are on the move, as you suggested. And again, their life mostly depends on how the zero carbon solutions come down in cost and durability, reliability and how the infrastructure gets built up, and we'll need both.
So I think that's why I said that these transition solutions that are going in place, well, may be in there for a while and they may be in there for a shorter period, depending on which country, which application, which region you're in because those 2 things -- both the infrastructure and the cost depend on application and, of course, country and how much infrastructure being built. But the hybrid programs are real. They are getting launched. It's happening now.
And with regard to engine size, I think, initially, what we'll see with hybrids is there'll be relatively mild hybrid, the first step. And those won't make a big difference on engine. How big the engine is won't be impacted very much by the size of the battery. But you are right that as you add larger batteries, then you need less engine to carry the same load. But I think that's -- those are probably generation 2 solutions rather than generation 1.

Steve, can I just add one thing? It's -- our costs, as you saw, were significantly higher than we anticipated even 3 months ago. And just to call it out directly, the big problem is semiconductors. There is a lot of supply chain challenges. There's everything, weather in Texas and now new challenges with India. You name it, and we have a shortage on it. But semiconductors is the biggie. That's the one that's really hard to deal with. And in this quarter, we ended up buying chips on the market, through the aftermarket and bringing them back into production. We rescheduled and rescheduled and rescheduled to meet our customers' demand.
Our customers, after a pretty tough first half of last year, are finally seeing demand go up and really want to ship trucks to their customers. And we really want to help them do that. So frankly, we took it on the chin. We basically brought in everything we could as fast as we could and shipped it out to them and didn't raise prices or didn't do any of those things. We just shipped them. And we took it, took it hard this quarter. And that's just the honest truth. And it's because we felt a commitment to those customers to get them the product best we could while the going was good.
And so we're not really changing any of that other than hopefully, as Jennifer said, we're going to get these costs better under control as we don't have to reschedule so much. We understand where our chips still aren't enough, but we understand where they're coming from more now, and we understand how many we have really. And we'll be able to level some, schedule some and reduce premium freight. It's still awful, but it will be less awful in Q2 and less awful again in Q3 as we get more set up. But it was a rough quarter, and I feel good about what we did for customers, and it was hard to get there.

No, I get your point, Dave. I'll let Jen talk a little bit more about how she sees customers' orders. But I would just say, broadly speaking, our view is that things that don't get shipped this year we'll ship next year because there is a supply constraint. There's strong demand out there. And that if the cycle takes longer to recover or people can't get all the trucks they want, they'll get them next year. I mean -- and we've seen that in other regions where the capacity of the truck manufacturers doesn't ramp up as quickly in Europe, for example, in the last upturn, we saw that. It just took them longer to finish the cycle.
And I think that's what will happen here. It will take longer to finish to the extent that the truck demand can't be fully supplied, which would not be a bad thing per se, if it extended further. I think that's the way we're seeing it is a longer extended cycle just because we can't -- we're supply-constrained. And I'll let Jen talk about what she's seeing from customers in that respect.

And Jen mentioned earlier, Chad, that when we get stronger partnerships, we not only get more components because our engines go in, which have, of course, all of our components. But also, we just introduce more of our components to the remaining engines because it just also reduces their technical investment to be able to use some of our components and our recipes on their engine. So that will just continue. That's been ongoing trend, and that will continue.