Thanks, Colleen. Just a few words before I turn it over to Frank to go through the financial data.
First, Pete, thank you very much. God speed and have a good luck in your new opportunity. We're all very excited for you and thanks for all the hard work. Welcome, Colleen. Great to have you here. Colleen and I had the opportunity to spend couple of years together in Automation Solutions, and we're very blessed to have her join our Investor Relations team. So welcome. Thank you.
I'd like to express my thanks to the leadership teams and the management and our employees globally for what has been a very, very well-executed quarter. And we have a lot of energy and momentum behind us, which was very exciting to see as we executed through the last 3 months.
I'd also like to express my thank you to our shareholders. I had the opportunity over the last 6 months to meet many of you, and I look forward to meeting more of you as I go through the next part of the year. But I appreciate your continued confidence, your challenges and of course, your investment.
A few things just that are not financially related that I want to mention to the team here. First of all, our cultural work is well underway. We will be announcing our new Chief People Officer later this month. We're all very excited about the selection process. It will be an outside hire and somebody who fundamentally will have the opportunity to come in here and really help us as we navigate some of the challenges and create many of the pathways that we have as we evolve the culture of Emerson into the future.
Secondly, our portfolio work is complete. We have -- we are now getting ready to review it with the Board, which will occur at the October Board meeting. We discussed briefly with the Board yesterday. And essentially, what we have defined is multiple paths for our business to drive higher underlying sales growth and diversification of the portfolio.
We're all very excited about the process that we underwent. It was very exhaustive, and we have turned over a lot of different stones, defining broad markets with high growth and lots of optionality in terms of M&A and organic activity. Very exciting there.
I'll mention on the M&A side that industrial software continues to be critical as we think about share of wallet, as we think about the potential for underlying growth acceleration and our many pathways there. Our SI acquisition is performing incredibly well and ahead of our internal synergy board plans. So that's been very, very well done.
But what stands out to me most above all is the execution by the team. Yes, there were market tailwinds, and we'll talk about those, particularly as they accelerated in Automation Solutions and continued across our Commercial & Residential businesses and they are relevant, but the execution was absolutely phenomenal.
There were a lot of hurdles to overcome through the quarter, material inflation, material availability. We did a lot of expediting. We had to get very creative in qualifying suppliers, logistics and management of cargo around the world and of course, labor availability in the United States. But the team just did a great job.
And lastly, before I turn it over to Frank, the cost reset work is well underway, and we're now in the tail ends of the spend. And we're seeing, despite these operational headwinds, the value of that work being reflected in the incrementals of the company.
The operating leverage -- profit leverage at 34% was very strong and now most importantly, has given us the room to accelerate investment in differentiating technologies and further -- that will further, I think, drive relevance -- increased relevance at our customer base. So very exciting headroom that's created, and we started those investments. And I'll share a number of those with you, and we'll talk about that more as we go through the year.
So with that, I'll turn it over to Frank, and I'll speak towards the end of the call.

Thank you, Ram. Let's turn now to Slide 15. We are improving our sales outlook for the year based on the continued strength in our orders, the pace of business and the year-to-date profit performance. We now expect underlying sales growth to be near the top of our May guidance of approximately 5% to 6%, Commercial Residential above their range in May at 15% to 16% and Automation Solutions closer to the top of that range at 0% to 1%.
The strong volume and improved cost base will flow through to margins. Our estimates are now 50 basis points above the previous guidance, increasing adjusted EBIT margin and adjusted EBITDA by 0.5% to approximately 18% and 23%, respectively. There's no change to the restructuring, tax rate, capital spend or dividend.
Strong profitability and working capital performance enabled an increase in our operating cash flow and free cash flow estimates, both of which increased by $300 million. We are also raising our adjusted EPS guidance to $4.07, plus or minus $0.01.
Our price/cost headwind for 2021 currently remains as estimated in Q2 and Ram covered at $75 million despite the current challenges that were highlighted. We continue to manage this through containment, selective price actions, but the recent market developments that Ram described will be challenged through the next 2 quarters as we navigate them. Stock compensation impact increases to $125 million.
So now we'll go over to Chart 16, and I'll just frame the order environment that we've experienced through the last 3 months. Emerson's trailing 3-month orders continue to be very strong and have momentum from the last update we gave you in the second quarter, with Commercial & Residential Solutions continuing to climb higher in their order run rates and Automation Solutions turned sharply positive to the high teens in June. Commercial & Residential Solutions continues to see strength in Residential, Cold Chain and the Professional Tools business, and all 3 very near to that average band of 43%.
Discrete and hybrid end markets in Automation Solutions continue to be very strong, while we see recovery in later cycle process automation markets, especially in North America. KOB 3 and KOB 2 are driving most of the recovery, but we are beginning to see some KOB 1 activity materialize, particularly in chemicals, power and biofuels.
The Americas really strengthened, up 29% as deferred maintenance demand and site access drove momentum. Finally, as we have commented in the past quarters, life sciences momentum continues to be extremely strong.
Let's now turn to Chart 17, and I'll review the underlying sales growth outlook. Q3 underlying sales were up 15% versus prior year, exceeding our management expectations, driven by the strength in Commercial & Residential Solutions as well as the North America recovery just discussed. Full year expectations on underlying sales are between 5% and 6%, at the top end of our prior guidance of 3% to 6% and sales of approximately $18.4 billion.
The fourth quarter is expected to land in the high single digits to low double-digit range. For the remainder of the year, we expect to see the North America business continue to recover in Automation Solutions as well as continued broad strength in commercial residential solutions. However, the impact of supply chain and labor issues will be a challenge.
Let's now turn to Slide 18, and I'll review our outlook by geography. As Frank mentioned, for the full year, we are expecting Automation Solutions sales to be flat to 1% and Commercial & Residential Solutions to be between 15% and 16%, driving us to our overall 5% to 6% underlying sales expectations.
So starting off in the Americas. Quarter 4 is expected to be strong in Automation Solutions at approximately 20% growth, broad-based recovery across all industries, led by continued strength in discrete and increasing strength in hybrid. Process is showing some recovery, although uneven with some strength from returning domestic oil demand, offset by reduced midstream investment and continued fiscal restraint in upstream. For KOB 3, we expect to see continued spend for deferred maintenance and increasing spend for site access that has been pent-up from the pandemic with an expectation that we will see a strong fall shutdown turnaround season.
In Latin America, strength in mining industries particularly are expected to continue. On the Commercial & Residential side of the business, ongoing momentum in the residential markets, driven by do-it-yourself trends, home starts and HVAC seasonality as well as strength in Professional Tools and Cold Chain are expected to continue. 
Europe will continue to see demand in life sciences and biofuels on the automation side. Project wins in power, midstream, downstream and sustainability will drive low to mid-single-digit growth in Q4. Commercial & Residential will see robust demand for heat pumps and professional tools as well as the continuation of the refrigeration market recovery in Q4.
Turning to Asia, Middle East and Africa. Our Asia automation business is seeing healthy project activity in marine, nuclear, life sciences and semiconductors and a positive trend for site-level spending in the Middle East. On the Commercial & Residential side, we are seeing the commercial recovery across the region, specifically with commercial AC and cold chain solutions. Ongoing COVID restrictions continue to be a challenge across the organization, particularly in this part of the world.
Let's now turn to Chart 19, and we'll review the business funnel for Automation Solutions. So back in February, we commented that our traditional large project funnel was $6.4 billion, and this should be something that is very familiar to those of you who watch this carefully.
Since February, we have booked approximately $80 million of projects, some LNG and one most notably in Mexico. New projects added include clean fuels, hydrogen, renewable diesels, lithium mining and LNG projects, while projects removed from the funnel since February were mostly oil and gas and downstream refining projects. The August 2021 funnel is now valued at $6.3 billion in approximately 180 projects. And below in the donut pies, you can see the industry mix of our traditional funnel.
We have identified new decarbonization opportunities. And though generally smaller than our traditional definition of projects for our funnel classifications, these projects are increasingly relevant to our business. They're being added into this view because they have the potential to grow in nature over time. Today, as depicted on the chart, these opportunities are worth $400 million in approximately 120 projects.
The combination of our traditional project funnel and the new sustainability funnel is now valued at $6.7 billion. And below is the combined industry mix where we are working to diversify our funnel.
On the right side of the chart, we are introducing the business opportunities with our recent OSI acquisition, which gave us an important foothold into the transmission and distribution automation space. These opportunities have slightly different characteristics from our traditional project funnel definition, and therefore, we are keeping it separate for our discussion purposes today.
Generally, these opportunities are smaller and more numerous compared to our large traditional project funnel, but they are clearly strategically important. The value of these opportunities is $1.5 billion and are made up of 530 projects. To give you some perspective on the scale and how differentiated it is, approximately 15% of that $1.5 billion has a value of greater than $5 million, and 50% of it is between $1 million and $5 million.
The funnel is global, although approximately $1 billion of it is in North America and Europe. Overall, we have strong opportunities ahead, and I'm bullish on overall project outlook as we diversify and expand into new spaces.
Now let's turn to Chart 20. This is a very important chart. And as Frank mentioned in our financial results showcase, our robust cost reset plan is being incredibly well executed across the enterprise. As a reminder, this comprehensive plan began in late 2019 and will be fully realized by 2023. It involves over $600 million in spend and approximately $650 million in savings.
In February, we also introduced our midrange targets of 24% adjusted EBITDA margins and $4.75 to $5 in adjusted EPS. We are very much on track to reach those targets by 2023. Importantly, however, the recent outperformance and momentum through the end of 2021 is creating some headroom for critical investments. And I'm particularly excited about this, particularly as I think about key technologies that will enable our business to outperform over the long term.
As you can see, revenues, margins and cash flow are all better than February expectations and are enabling this acceleration in technology investments. I've outlined 4 examples below and will come out over the next months and in depth in February as to how we're managing and thinking about these very significant investments.
Examples outlined are the Copeland K7 scroll, which is the largest new product investment in the history of our air conditioning business. This thing drives obviously increased performance and meets the 2023 efficiency regulations and is optimized for 2025 refrigerants.
The Greenlee remote cutters, an award-winning tool on the right-hand side of the chart, which enhances safety for cutting underground cables. The Gemini, which is our next-generation pressure and temperature device being developed in our Measurement Solutions business, which will have next-generation electronics, unmatched safety and process insight. And lastly, our Plantweb Optics, our integrated operational performance platform, which unifies data, people and systems to drive operational performance.
And with that, I will turn the call over to the operator, and we'll begin the Q&A. Thank you.

Thank you. Thanks for the question. I think that's fair. Look, the recovery has been largely fueled by modernizations and MRO spend across facilities. There has been, as I indicated, some KOB 1, but that's not what's going to drive us going forward. So what I would expect is, I think, that conversion in -- of those 2 segments of the business into -- from orders into sales would continue. And I think the guidance is -- I think that's a fair assumption.

Great question as well, Julian. Clearly, that's where the challenge is going to be is on incrementals in Commercial Residential for the next 6 months. The team is working both sides of the equation, Julian, price and cost.
We're getting very creative in terms of the contract structures and the negotiations with our major customers. But we also have opportunities to continue to work availability of materials, sourcing from different world areas, moving a few things around. But that's where the biggest challenge is, and I would suggest that your assertion is correct that the incrementals in that business are going to be the most challenged as we go over the next 6 months.

Yes, great question. I think there's a little bit of both in the funnel. I think if you look at the traditional $6.3 billion funnel, there was already embedded in that a lot of the biofuel conversions, emissions monitoring work that's being done downstream, particularly in refining and other parts.
What's in the green bar, what's in the new opportunities, I think, are significantly incremental investments. And those are partially driven by things like green diesels, which is basically the manufacturing of diesel but using a feedstock that is a sustainable feedstock, or the investments in hydrogen.
If you recall, back in February, we talked about a $1 billion opportunity for hydrogen that was framed around 2030. However, as we now bring these projects into our -- and this is a very defined pursuit process that we run within the business. We now bring those into that pursuit, and we are pursuing those to 2023, and that's the view of the $400 million.
I expect that to increase over time and the number, not just the number, but the scale of those projects to become more and more meaningful, which is why we're talking about it today. But you're absolutely right. I think our core integrated oil customers, upstream through the midstream and downstream, they're all spending dollars, incremental dollars on emissions, sustainability, reliability, productivity, all around those automations to drive to their ESG commitments. And that can come in the frame of conversions or of optimizing current processes.

So as we -- Frank and I mentioned in the comments, Andrew, we're very pleased with the performance of OSI Power. We were actually up there for a growth planning session just earlier -- late July. So the teams are performing incredibly well. Management, we've retained management, and they're executing the plans.
And what we're seeing is actually higher-than-expected ability to leverage existing relationships that PWS and Ovation have across the large power companies in North America. But more importantly, the opportunity to greatly geographically expand this business at a far rate -- a far higher rate than we expected at the time of the acquisition.
So validating the technology, validating the applicability and the customer relevance has been very important for us. So we're excited. 
There is an opportunity to build around this business, and there is a vision to continue to transform this into more of a pure software play in terms of evolution from perpetual into subscription, in terms of outsourcing services and focusing on software and looking around measures that are relevant for software businesses such as annual recurring revenues and things of that sort. So we're working that very aggressively within the business.
In terms of growth rates, I would suggest high single digits on the Systems & Solutions business. And I would say, Jeff, that the data management layer grew slightly above that, but on average. But I don't have that number in front of me, but that would be based on what I have seen and heard, my understanding, Andrew.

It's an interesting read, Jeff. I'll tell you this. The M&A pipeline is ever green. We're working a number of opportunities as we speak, which are related to and aligned with the strategic portfolio study that we've done. So we're very excited about those. And we've been speaking to the Board about those opportunities through the summer and will continue to do so through this month because some may come sooner rather than later. That's okay.
Now in terms of the overall study, look, this management team believes that the path to the higher multiple and to the total shareholder return performance is driving an increase in the underlying sales growth of the company. And we need to fall into this bucket of 4% to 6%.
So as we look at our optionality around the makeup -- the current makeup of the portfolio and the potential to invest in new areas, that's really what the study and the portfolio study is focused on. And those are really where the engagements and debates with the Board will take place.
But we're walking and chewing gum at the same time. we haven't stopped pursuing opportunities as a management team and as a Board simply because we haven't covered the details of the study with the Board, but they're very much aware of it.

No. Honestly, glide path is generous. There's a lot of hard work to hit those targets, Jeff, by everyone engaged. And there are always obstacles in the way as we're experiencing -- we have experienced this quarter with labor and materials, as Ram and Frank described. So it's a lot of hard work to get there, and we're not taking our eye off the ball.
Having said that, not only do we need to work the portfolio opportunities that I just mentioned with pluses and minuses, but we need to elevate the organic investments and the organic sales growth of the company. And with that, we have to take -- we have to make those investments for the future.
So it's both. We have the capacity to do both. We have the opportunity to do both, like many businesses, and we're taking full advantage of that.

Yes. Nigel, great to hear your voice. A very thoughtful question actually. And if you go back through the last couple of growth cycles in automation, there was an important component, which we have to watch very carefully in this up cycle, which is the KOB 1 element. We benefited from that in the '10 to '14 run. We surely benefited from that in the prior run in '18. But in this one, it's been subdued to date, and that's going to be the differentiating.
Now keep in mind, that we just underwent a significant investment in LNG that is being absorbed by the market. We have yet one big large project to go. But it's that -- that would be the, I'd suggest, the differentiator between the high single digits and the double-digit type of organic opportunity in Automation Solutions, if that makes sense to you.

Yes, we announced the divestiture of the Daniel oil and gas business. And what I'm going to tell you is it's both. We're looking at the portfolio, both in terms of opportunities to acquire and/or opportunities to divest. And it's a very fluid conversation with an element of that with the Board yesterday. We got their support. It's both. Because to solve whether it's the equation around diversification from oil and gas and/or elevate the underlying sales growth of this company, we're going to have to press both of those buttons.

Great. So I will bifurcate that into the 3 -- the 2 pieces, the climate piece and the tools, Professional Tools piece. Obviously, the Professional Tools has a different cycle, partly some of it driven by the similar set of investments that we're experiencing in climate, be it the residential growth, the do-it-yourself investments, which impacts our home products side of the tools.
But the Professional Tools area, the Ridges and the Greenlees, they're really driven by infrastructure spend, capital cycles, not dissimilar to what we see in our mid-cycle automation businesses. And so those, I think, have sustained opportunity as we go well into 2022.
The one we're watching very carefully, as I look at climate, is the air conditioning residential cycle. And we're watching those orders. We're staying very close with our OEM customers, the Tranes and Carriers of the world in terms of communicating, understanding their demand.
But for now, I would expect a more subdued quarter as we go from an order perspective as we go into the fall season. But we're watching it very carefully. But that would make sense in the cycle that it subdues and comes. I know we've seen -- you've seen in our trailing already that Commercial Residential has turned, and that's partly driven -- entirely driven by that residential AC business.
Ram, do you have any more color to give?

I think so, Andy. We printed 41% incrementals in that platform this quarter, and the team has begun their significant investments around their technology and people there. The business is structurally different than the business that I took on in 2018 today in the way it goes about and the way it manages and the way it approaches customers. So there's a lot of room there.
The target I've given the business is obviously is 30% incrementals. But as we ramp up investments and such, we may -- I think we're likely to see higher than those types of numbers as we go forward.

Yes, it does bleed into the next fiscal. Ram described the next 2 quarters as being the most challenging, which is right. So that parity really arrives in our first fiscal -- excuse me, our first calendar of '22. So our second fiscal of '22.

No. I think Ram answered that well. I think we're looking at optionality around capacity increases in the existing footprint and in the footprint that we have initiated as part of the cost reset plan. We have operations in construction of significant size in India, in Mexico and in Eastern Europe and all those are underway. Some will begin production later this year, others in early 2022.
So we feel really good. The challenge for us, Scott, which is not -- it's thematical honestly and not dissimilar from anyone out there is the labor availability in the United States. And to me, that's the biggest single constraint and what we're fighting on a daily basis across most of our facilities.

I don't have a number to share with you, Deane, but I would tell you, I think that -- excuse me, somebody came on the line here. That is a fair assumption.
We continue to see increased momentum in Automation Solutions. Obviously, we're watching parts of the world carefully, particularly Southeast Asia and India. But in large significant markets, Europe, North America and China, we continue to see good order momentum driven by KOB 2 and KOB 3.

I Corrected myself there, Deane, and I did say...

First calendar, second fiscal.

Yes.

Yes. Steve, I continue to [ search ] the 30% number as we go through the long term. You'll see that flex up and down, but that's the target. And as we executed the cost reset plan, that's the -- how we frame that with the businesses.
There will be quarters, as we saw with automation, where we'll print higher than 40%. And there will be quarters as we saw with Commercial Residential that we'll print forward than 30%. So it will flex, but 30% is the way I'm thinking about it.

Well, less so COVID, more so the availability of materials, particularly electronics, Steve, that are a challenge in that business. And I think as we guided Automation Solutions within that band, I think it's -- there's momentum on the order side.
The question is, can we convert in the plants? And it is a hand-to-hand combat. I can't emphasize that enough in terms of material arriving and our ability to have the labor to convert it. And it's -- and that is what keeps me a little bit more guarded in terms of the order-to-sale conversion in the fourth quarter.

Yes. Well, I don't know. I really don't know what it is. It's probably around the $75 million to $100 million range.

Yes. So the funnel -- I think the funnel has shown resiliency as we've gone through the last 6 months or so staying at that 6% level. The makeup of it obviously is different smaller projects, different types of projects that we've seen in our -- from our customer base.
Having said that, it's all about the movement from right to left, the ability to convert the projects to be funded and then to be actioned. And that's what we've got to watch and could be a differentiating element as we head into 2022 for Automation Solutions.
I have a high degree of confidence, Gautam, that the transmission distribution funnel moves forward aggressively, that the renewables are sustainable, decarbonization part of the funnel moves forward successfully, that the conversions, the biofuels, the green fuel investments, the propylene plastic renewables that Colleen described move forward aggressively.
What I've got to watch very carefully is the larger, particularly LNG jobs, that one big remaining one, the Qatar North Field expansion, how does that move and how do those folks think about the funding of that and as it moves forward but that will be differentiating into 2022.

I believe so, Gautam. And what we are going to and you've seen in the numbers today is that the backlog situation across the business is at $1.1 billion. And that's what -- that's the impetus to drive the organic growth despite what happens in the residential AC cycle. And that will support the organic growth in the business for '22.

Yes, we'll come out with guidance as we think about things. Obviously, as I mentioned earlier, Gautam, we are -- our funnel is very fluid right now. There's a number of activities underway. And so -- but we'll give you some kind of guidance as we go into -- as we come out in November.

Yes. I will -- yes, there's a range. I would suggest that we're looking more in the larger than we are in the bolt-ons right now, Gautam.

No, I think it's the latter, absolutely. Aging infrastructure, advent of renewables on to the grid are causing all kinds of challenges. There are just strong underlying drivers that I think overwhelm the need for stimulus spend there.
So Infrastructure Bill, particularly in the United States, will help, no doubt about it, and we'll benefit. But there's incredibly strong underlying demand as is in the traditional utilities, particularly in Western Europe and North America.

Well, thank you very much. Thank you, everyone, for your time and confidence in us. So we're excited about the quarter ahead, and I look forward to seeing many of you as we go through the next 3 months. And until our next call, stay healthy and safe and stay well. Thank you.