Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Pete. And Jamie, welcome to the group here.

And Frank, and obviously, Lal. But Chart 21 is clearly the underlying orders forecast, and I'll talk about that in a second.
But first, I do want to welcome everybody from the investor world, the shareholder world, our employees, thanks for joining us today. And thank you for your continued support and engagement over this quarter and the total fiscal year. And as we all know, it's been a truly unusual fiscal year for this company, but I think this team has risen to the challenge.
I want to make a special call out to the global Emerson employees, the leadership team and our new members from acquisitions this year and thank them for their commitment to safety, our customers, our fellow employees and shareholders and community as we return to work starting in March and throughout the years, we continue to reengage and be successful as a company. I want to appreciate -- I appreciate everything you've done. I want to thank you for the job you did. And thank you for everything you did over the last 8 months as we got back into our offices, as we got back in the manufacturing plants and we opened and produced product for our customers. I want to thank all of you very, very much. I know that this was not easy to do, but you all did it. You rose to the challenge. And you delivered to our customers, our shareholders and the communities and the fellow employees.
As we know, 2020 was an exceptional year in sales, profit margins, earnings and cash flow. Our free cash flow to earnings, our conversion was close to 140% this year. It's our 64th year dividend increase. Our dividend free cash flow came in at 47.5%. As many of you know, we did not cut our dividend when we did the major repositioning back in 2016, and we've worked our way back into under 50% in free cash flow to dividend ratio. We returned over $2.1 billion to our shareholders this year in 2020. We kept our dividend going like many companies did not do, and we returned capital to our shareholders through share repurchase.
And given what I see right now in underlying margin improvement, strong cash flow generation, growth returning in the Commercial & Residential Solutions business and I think that a business in Automation Solutions that will return in the second half of the year, we are going to increase our capital allocation back to the shareholders to get to $2 billion this year, as Pete talked about. This is something we feel strongly about, confidence in the company, how we position the company from a cost standpoint, the new products, the investments we've made in acquisitions. Clearly, we got a very uncertain political environment right now. But the investments we've made, we have a lot of confidence in that we'll be able to grow and outperform this marketplace and do well, at the same time make an investment internally by returning in more cash back to our shareholders. And I think that's very, very important to show that confidence to our shareholders that we will get our way through this.
As you know, we sat here in April, gave a forecast for quarters, for the year and the first half of '20 and 2021. Very few companies did that. We delivered. We actually beat them as we went out through that quarter. We are 2 quarters ahead, and Commercial & Residential returned to growth, tremendous performance by the Commercial & Residential Solutions group. And the market's coming back. Great to see. They're leveraging. Their margins are really doing well based on all the restructuring that went on from 2019 throughout 2020. And they're ready to grow and expand those margins.
We also believe that Auto Solutions, the cycle that we laid out back in August, we're probably 1.5 quarters behind that cycle, still some tough things ahead of us, but we feel quite strongly that business will return to growth in the second half of the year. But Lal and his team, they have confidence in delivering improved profitability and improved cash flow in 2021, has made the decision to increase, increase the restructuring in the first half of this year and all -- and mostly for -- in the second half of the year, but most importantly, in the first half of the year to drive higher margins even though sales are going to continue to be down in the first half of the year. That is not easy to do when you look at all the things they've been doing over the last 12 to 18 months. But I feel quite strong that they will deliver.
The company is stronger. The balance sheet is stronger. I believe the underlying growth momentum will return. Our aggressive cost actions are self-help. We're on track to deliver the peak margin plan we laid out in February of 2020 despite sales being approximately $2 billion lower than we said back then before the pandemic, before, obviously, the recession we've had to go through. But the hard work on cost actions, the hard work in restructuring, the hard work in new product investments and the things we had to do to make this company stronger for our shareholders and for our customers, we have done. We have confidence in 2021.
Yes, we still have problems ahead of us. Yes, we have an election going on today. Who knows what's going to happen? Yes, COVID virus is still out there. But we have confidence we'll have a vaccine. We have confidence that we'll move back into a more normal business environment as we go into the middle of 2021. We feel good that we can return more cash to our shareholders as we go into 2021.
But again, before I go into the charts, I want to make a very special call out to our Emerson employees around the world, the Emerson leadership team, the corporate employees, the employees that stood by me and the OCE live in St. Louis, not live from Saturday Night Live, but live in St. Louis to get through this COVID pandemic environment. Live together, I want to thank them for making that happen.
Clearly, we got some challenges. But clearly, I feel the company today is in a much stronger position than it was back in April when we talked, and I feel very good about what was going to happen as we go into the 2021 time period.
As we laid out in Chart 21, chart you saw in 21, a lot of people said, "How are you going to get back to the top of that lines, we were coming down?" Well, we did, upper right-hand corner. Obviously, Commercial & Residential came back strong. Lal's business is going sideways right now as we continue to wait for America, KOB 3 and some KOB 2. He'll be talking about that. We've laid out some dots here. As we go forward into this quarter and how we think orders will trend in the first quarter, how orders would trend in the second quarter, this is the trend line we see -- we have to be on as a total company. How the various pieces move around, that will change depending on what happens each month. But we -- this is the trend line we have to be on to return to total growth for the total company by the second half of 2021.
Again, as we sit here today, as we talked about in April of 2020, the midst of COVID, the forecast that we laid out is pretty well in line, except we're a little bit ahead for Commercial & Residential, and Lal's a little bit behind just from a recovery standpoint. He didn't go any deeper than we thought. But he has not recovered yet primarily because of KOB 3 in the turnaround business in North America, but we're seeing other parts of the world doing pretty well for Lal.
If you go forward to Chart 22. Here's the forecast we laid out right now. On the first quarter, after delivering down 8.6% underlying growth in the fourth quarter this year, we're looking to be down somewhere in the 6% to 7%. I hope it'll be close to the 6%. As we look at October, you can -- I hope Jamie will comment on how we saw October. I hope Lal will comment how they saw October. But I think that we'll be down somewhere in the 6% to 7%. We'll get a little bit better as we move into the second quarter, and then we'll get better and go positives as we go into the third and fourth quarter. This is the same lines that we drew out in the last year in April. The only difference is right now, we clearly have the uncertainty of the election. We clearly have the uncertainty of how the COVID will continue to move and impact the rest of the world. But we feel confident that we can control some of our own destiny for underlying growth and also improvement in profitability and cash flow as we go into '21.
As I look at the Auto Solutions business, and I'm going to turn it over to Lal right now to talk about what he sees, but it's very important to see that I think the momentum will start shifting for you, Lal, as we go through this quarter. I want to take the hats off to you and your whole team in the restructuring. Many people in this phone don't know how hard it is to restructure and do what you're doing. And my hats off to what you've got done. I know what -- how proud you guys are on the team, but this is not easy work. So it's your mic.

Before we turn it over to Jamie, I just want to thank Lal and the team for a couple of things here. One, major effort on the restructuring cost reductions to get -- driving the margins back up, the peak margin improvement and to drive higher margins in 2021 they're going to have, even though sales are still going to struggle for them in the first half of the year.
But I also want to say that they made sure they made the right investments. As we had site reviews, as we did talks and had WebExes or face-to-face meetings, we made sure we talked about the new products, the next-generation technologies. We wanted to make sure that we continue to make the right investments. They've got the right monies where they need to be to make sure we did not jeopardize the future franchises within this company.
And at the same time, we made some very unique, as you saw, acquisitions that strengthen our hand in many, many core places that we think that will have long-term growth and long-term sustainability from the standpoint of value creation for Emerson and diversification for Emerson. So Lal and your team, a phenomenal job.
So Jamie, your first call, I mean, I hate to say Bob Sharp set it up for you. And now you've got a growth, and you just got to keep the plants open and start growing. You've got a growing tiger in your hands. So here it is, let me -- let's talk about it.

Thank you very much, Jamie. Again, I want to thank the commercial and residential organization for the work you got done. Bob, in 2018 and 2019 and the first half of 2020 really got into the restructuring. They kept the investments going. We knew that we return to growth. And they are that. But they have -- the return to growth of major new innovation, major new product portfolio is second to none. And I think it's pretty exciting.
The markets are returning. The key issue for them right now is they have several plants within their structure running full out. In the midst of COVID, increased COVID, that's not easy to do. They have plants. They have to keep running and producing at record levels, and we have a major competitor to disappear on the marketplace. He will return, but we don't know exactly when. At the same time, they'll have other industries across their business that will start growing in the second half of 2020. So the team got ready for this. They executed. And I give them high marks.
Before I go to Q&A, just want to make a couple of comments here. First of all, 2020 was my 20th year as CEO, a year that I'll never forget. We started out with activism. Then we launched a massive, massive restructuring effort across the company to drive increasing margins in a tough year. And then we just happen to have this thing called COVID-19 pandemic with a resulting recession around the world.
But the Emerson team rose to this challenge, and we drove, I think, less down sales than people thought. Our earnings minimization of the decreasing was less than people thought. And we drove increased cash flow, a very strong 2020. Some people say, "Well, what are you going to do for us in 2021?" Well, we had a heck of a 2020. We've got a little bit tougher base to come off of, but we're going to make 2021 a better year."
As I move into my final year as the Emerson CEO, I think our plans to drive top line growth, improve margins and earnings and cash flow, as we get into the second half of the year, are very strong and very positive. And we'll be ready to hand this over to the next CEO and his leadership team, and I want to thank everyone for that support.
But we've got a tough 2000 -- 2021 ahead of us. But we -- I think we have a lot of confidence that we can deliver improved sales, earnings and cash flow and turn that over to that next leadership team as Mr. Knight get back to me in early 2020.
So with that, we'll open the mic for Q&A. So let us have it.

From the standpoint, that's obviously a Board decision. I mean I'm just one member of the Board as Chairman, Chairman of the Board. But as I basically be communicating, I would say that we will name my successor sometime in late 2021, in second half of 2021. In my opinion, there will be very little transition. I mean it's up to the next CEO, does he even need Dave Farr, the old man around.
We can hear. People would so many -- okay. Someone came in, and said they can't hear us, but I think they can hear us. They -- yes, I thought so. And so I think that what will happen is what Mr. Knight did to me is I got announced. He threw the keys in my chest and said, "It's all yours. I'm out of here." And so I'll probably throw a couple of bats at him and a couple of rally monkeys and say, "I'm out of here. Give me a call if you need me."
And I think that Emerson management team is strong. They don't need old farts like me around. Maybe I know how to fight COVID, maybe I know how to fight recessions, but I will -- my door is always open. My keys -- the house is always open for people to ask me questions. So it'll be quick, bam-bam. And I'm not a big believer in transition. The guys will be ready. They don't need Dave. And so that's where it is right now. But I would say I'm in charge still, and I will most likely name it with the Board sometime in late 2021. That's how it looks right now, Jeff.

Just assuming I don't die in between now and then, okay, Jeff, okay?

Thanks. We just -- what we're talking about internally, people who dialed in can hear us, but the people on the WebEx couldn't hear us. So...

That's -- I think it was with Jeff because I told him I was retiring and stepping down next year. They all cut off.

I blew up the website. They said, "Oh my God." Celebrations, people are saying like, "God, we finally got rid of this guy after 40 years."

I'll give you my two cents, and I'll give the expert, Lal. But -- and my two cents is what we're still watching for is North America, U.S.A. KOB 3. And we are not -- and we're seeing some early life on that and some planned turnaround right now. But we're not expecting anything of substance to return to that until we get into the new calendar year.
So we're going sideways. And then what we expect going to happen is those investments will start unfolding in the U.S.A. We'll start seeing some additional investments in aftermarket and some KOB 2 coming in, allowing us to have a little bit of growth in the second half of the year. So we're watching, and we'll continue to communicate to you all about this KOB 3 when we start seeing it happen.
The problem will be if we get into February, March, April and we don't see any turnaround in KOB 3, if something happens, that will be a problem for Lal and his business. So that's why he has chosen to do additional restructuring in the first half of the year and the first quarter in particular to try to give some protection as this thing -- as we wait for this thing to turn. But that's the way we look at it right now. We've been here before. It is probably a little bit on the -- as we say on the comm, for the second half of the year. But I feel confident that the customers will start spending as we see that capital coming in.
So Lal, why don't you go ahead and give what you feel? You're the expert.

That's good.

So Josh, what we'll do, as you know, we are a company that puts out orders and dialogue. What we'll come in to do, Lal and I will commit to the shareholders right now and obviously, the sell-side analysts here, is we'll continue to put out any dialogue we see on the day-to-day, the daily order number that he just put out there, $39 million a day right now. And also, most importantly, the North America KOB 3. That's what you got to watch. That's what we're watching. And the fact that the plants now are getting a 70% population, that's a good sign. That means they're getting ready, and they'll start spending money. They have to spend money or those plants will have safety or quality issues. And that's not a good thing for the facilities we operate in. So that's what we're watching, Josh.

So yes, I'll let Jamie answer that. But the restocking mostly will be in Jamie's side of the business. Lal only have -- he's watching restocking on the hybrid and the discrete side, the early stages of that because inventories have been taken way down. So Jamie has the biggest restocking going on because the -- his customer base liquidate inventory when we went into COVID, demand came up, and now he's behind the curve. So why don't you do your...

So Josh, what we're looking at right now from my -- this is Dave's expertise from being 40 years in the company and 20 years as CEO is we're adding capacity in Jamie's business right now. I think we have a unique window here to pick up some share. Jamie and his team are -- I mean, the innovation that Jamie inherited from Bob and those guys is phenomenal. And I think that we have a unique opportunity. So we're adding capacity at this point in time. At the same time we have -- we're running at peak levels, we're adding capacity.
We -- right now, Lal's business is -- we're more interested in getting some of the capacity moved around into a better cost structure, and he's got to get that done because he doesn't want to be in the position that Jamie is right now, where he's trying to do some massive restructuring with capacity moving out.
So we're betting on things will get better in Jamie's business and that the restocking will go and then the [ paid ] online business will continue to go, assuming nothing happens relative to the election or some crazy happens with the COVID. But we're adding capacity in Jamie's business right now because we think we'll be better as we get into the second half of this year.

But we'll keep you informed as we go forward -- as we go [ with the order ]. That's our vehicle to let you guys know think things are better or worse, okay?

Yes. I mean it definitely is a structural change, Gautam. And if you look at this year's sales as a percent of our total sales, we're going to be down to 23%, 24% as a total company. As we continue to invest in other technologies, as we make acquisitions, we are still a major supplier, a very important supplier, especially in KOB 3, which if you look in the oil and gas industry, our KOB 3 is probably closer to 70%. It's primarily an aftermarket business.
So what we'll do, and we'll talk more about this in February, but we're continuing to make investments in the next-generation renewables, be it hydrogen, be it hydro, be it the investment we made in the -- in OSI power. We continue to make investments around other uses of power and energy to replace oil and gas. We'll continue to do that. But we're not going to -- it's not something you can say, okay, we're going to sell that segment off because a lot of the technologies we use from a DeltaV or sensors or pressure or whatever we're doing are very similar to what we use in other industries.
But I think what you're going to see, we'll continue to serve this industry. At the same time, we'll continue to invest in other technologies. As we talk to the Board today about the innovation we're doing in the medical field and also are doing the sensing field and other -- in the renewable fields, we'll continue to do that. So that percentage will continue to move downwards. We're still -- we're not going to walk away from it. Don't -- we can have a spike as they make investments come back in it, but we fundamentally believe as we look -- show the Board the pieces of the pie of where Emerson is going, it will continue to be smaller and smaller. We'll continue to grow, and we'll continue to make those investments to allow us to have a more balanced portfolio.
I think people are way overestimating how much oil and gas we have in this company and way overestimating the impact as we make this transition. We've been making this transition for some time now over the last several years, and we'll continue to make it. At the same time, we'll continue to make those investments.
So I feel very good on where we are right now. We're working very, very hard with our customers from a renewable standpoint, and we'll share that with you in February, so people are going to have that. But I think people have to understand we as a Board, we as a management team understand we have a very strong presence in oil and gas. We'll continue to invest to try to diversify, but we're not going to walk away from that cash cow that we have from the standpoint of that business segment today.
So I think that from the standpoint of what I see also is the good news happening is the consolidation of this industry. That's going to be good for the short term, and that will help us as people consolidate. But in the meantime, we're continuing to invest to diversify. We'll continue to be a player, but it will be less and less of a player. And I think people overestimate the impact of that because most of that business right now in oil and gas is around KOB 3 aftermarket.
And by the way, if you go look at any forecast for the next 20, 30, 40 years, oil and gas is still the primary source of energy, and it's still growing. It doesn't mean you've got to make more double down on it, but it's still growing, and investments will come back. Got to have -- unless you don't want to have lights. Unless you want to be like California.

No. Okay, Steve. I mean what we try to put forth for our shareholders, we had a very, very strong second half of the year. You know that. I mean our earnings per share, our margins, our cash flow is much better. One of the things that we're all worried about is my concerns about what happens in election, in particular in North America, what happens to the global -- if COVID comes back in our plans and things don't -- investments happening. But you're right. I would say that we put forth what I would call conservative forecast in a somewhat uncertain world. The only bad mix we have coming at us right now that I can tell you about is I know that Lal in the first half of this year, his most profitable business being instrumentation and flow, our -- without the return to KOB 3, he'll struggle, and that's a 60-plus percent GP margin business. So all these cost reductions are very helpful, but 60%-plus GP margin business when it has a struggling in the short term.
But you're right. He's taken additional actions. I think that if we get any volume, our leverage, our upside is there. And -- but I want to make sure that we laid out a foundation forecast for that little -- I do have -- I have 2 dogs right now. Both of them can jump a little bit higher than [ Zorro ] can do because they're younger. They're only -- one's 2.5 and one's 1.5. So they can jump a little higher. They can jump higher than dad can jump now.
So I think the key issue for us is the only headwind we see is the mix on KOB 3 North America. If we start seeing that turn around, especially around instrumentation and flow, Lal's business will do pretty well. As it is right now, he's targeting internally a 20% deleverage in 2021 as he's got this forecast. But the only thing we're watching very carefully and we'll be conservative about is to see North -- is this North America not turn around in KOB 3. If it doesn't, he's going to have a really tough -- I don't care what he does. That instrumentation and flow business will deleverage pretty hard because he's got it down to the bare minimums at this point in time. So that's the only thing we're really cautious about, Steve. So you're right.

I'd never call you stupid, Steve. I'd never call you stupid.

I just want to make sure that we -- I'm not trying to be too crazy here. There's so much uncertainty around it in the timing, I think as Josh said earlier in talking about the signs. Our biggest uncertainty right now is the U.S.A. KOB 3, and I did not want to put a forecast out there that really gave us a lot of leverage around KOB 3 and the U.S.A. until we start seeing the whites of those eyes. And so that's why we're being a little bit cautious, Steve. I mean if you go...

Go ahead.

I think it's just a function of trying to keep up with them right now. And we always will lag them a little bit. We'll always lag them a little bit, but I don't see -- our underlying growth rate is the same as their growth rates from the standpoint of components. We're not seeing any problems there.

ShopBack. ShopBack went bankrupt. And ShopBack is the #2 player.

Well, it's a private company, you can't add it to your watch list, let me say. It's probably have -- it's the major supplier in the industry, and they had half the industry. We had the other half. It's -- so it's going to come back, but I think that we have a window here to pick up some of that business over the next, I would say, the next 6 months before they get their act back together. They literally shut down their plants in Asia, Vietnam and United States right now, and they've been shutdown for probably 30 days. And so that's a unique opportunity for us right now.
But you hit the nail in the head there, Steve. We're -- I want to be very careful with the uncertainty out there. And as we see things getting better, as Lal's business picks back up North America, we will leverage. That's the whole game here. That's what we want to play this year.

I'll take a shot in. Lal's there, but I think the -- it is going to change the mix. It's going to change. You're not going to see a lot of new energy resources going to play. What they're going to figure out how to do is get more out of it, more efficiency, more productivity, safety and all those different things which will be good for us. It's a good thing, other than the fact that there won't be any new fields for many, many years for us to deal with from an installed base.
So we'll be -- the KOB 3 will become more and more significant for us, and the upgrades they're going to have to spend around that to be from a productivity and quality and safety issue, which are all good things for us because that's not a jump ball type of big project. It's going to be -- you're going to be mining your installed base. And we have the strongest, the strongest by far of the global service support organization around the world for all the oil and gas industry. And as you know, we've made huge investments in that over the last couple of years, and that will really pay dividends for us as they start changing that mix. But that's why I think what's going to happen is we'll see that industry continue to shrink relative to investments. But our profitability should be pretty good once they start spending that money.
So that's the way I see it. Lal, what are you hearing from your guys in the field right now?

Yes. So all the big oil and gas customers right now are engaging pretty heavy with Stuart Harris and Lal's business profile on digitalization and how they're going to try to reduce their carbon use. And that's where -- that's a benefit to us because it's a sensor business. It's more of a technology business and works. That's our strength.
So as that shift happens, we'll still have pretty good sales, and we'll definitely have better profitability over the long term. So it is a shift that we're all going through, but I think it's going to benefit us as a company, given our presence and our digitalization position and everything we've been doing relative to that over the last 20 years. And I like the hand we have right now.

Go ahead, Jamie.

So Andrew, as you know, we -- our thrust in Asia and the Middle East was all around commercial, not residential. And so those markets have been hurt pretty hard relative to the end markets of this COVID situation. And we continue to develop the new products and new technologies around that. They'll come back. But until we start seeing movement of people, I think you're going to have a struggle there. And -- but I think it will start bouncing back as we go forward this year. Obviously, it's been down, tough for us so you get an easier comp. But more importantly to me is what I'm watching people spend the money on.
Lal bounced back pretty nicely in China and Southeast Asia. Jamie ran that. He probably stuffed the channel before he came back and make a good year. But -- and so Susan Hughes, who follows him, will have a hard time with that, if she ever gets over there. But...

She got to work from it? That's fantastic. So I think I'm more optimistic about 2021 in Asia for Jamie than it was last year. I see signs picking back up.

But it's been disappointing. I would say the second half of '20 was disappointing for us. It didn't come back like it always do.

I'll answer that question right away. It's better or he won't be around, but I might step down. So that was an easy answer to that one. I mean to be honest, he wants it, too. I mean his organization to be -- they've gone through pain, step up, he's doing the first half. I mean he wants to get back to peak margins. He wants to do that. And his whole organization is very much focused on it, but at the same time, not cutting.
So the answer is, yes, you'll get very good leverage as it comes back in the peak margin plan. We presented to the Board. We didn't -- we haven't talked to you this time, but we'll update you. I updated the planning conference group last week with our planning conference where we had 700 people, 600 of them are on the WebEx, and 100 in our conference room live face-to-face.
And then -- but I think the key issue for the restructuring number, it is the largest number. Now the next largest would have been back, I would say, in the year that we broke the -- back in 2002, '03, '04, that time period there, '05, as we repositioned the whole company, as we globalized the company, that would be the next largest. And we had a very strong margin run-off of that if you go back, you look at those historical charts we put out there.
But I think the most important thing we're doing here, we're also going back to the questions people have been asking. We're resetting the industries we're going after, where we're putting the resources, where we're putting our facilities, what type of plans we want to have. And from the perspective of what we're trying to get done with this repositioning, it's not all about margins. It's about how we reset the businesses for the next generation.
And so a lot of that work that both Jamie and the Commercial & Residential side has been doing, the work that Lal has been doing, I said, okay, where does the business go? It's not where it's been, but where does it go? And so that's why what he's looking at, a lot of it's restructuring and the online type of technologies, the online customer base, that's moving. Where do I want that to be? And that's why it's such a massive number. I think that what we're trying to do is reset like we did back in 2002, '03 and '04 and then had a hell of a run all the way -- through all the way as we set those some peak margins. And I think that that's what these guys are trying to do right now. It's heavy lifting, but it's resetting the company structure for a different Emerson, for different industries, different customer base and different services as the company continues to transform.
And that's not easy to do because you've got to go debate with everybody saying, "Why are we doing it this way?" And so I think that -- I think Lal and Jamie are set up when they finish this to be a good run. So I think...

Yes. We're trying to totally reset Automation Solutions. I mean there's not as much of that with Jamie. There's a little bit of that, but it's been far more with Lal's business because we know Lal's business, as we've been talking about, there will be different customer base, different customer needs as he thinks forward 10, 15, 20 years from now. And that's what this is, a reset.

And that's why I keep telling everyone out there thank you very much because that's not easy to do in the middle of a friggin' COVID recession pandemic.

Okay. So 2021 is going to be a fun one. We've set ourselves up for a very challenging 2021 because, obviously, we really performed well in the second half of the year in operating cash flow and free cash flow. We almost set a new record as free cash flow as a percent of sales at 15.1%. I think all-time record is probably around 15.5%, 15.6%.
The big issue for us, Andrew, it's going to -- Andy, has got to be around we need earnings. We need earnings because what's going to happen as the year progresses, our balance sheet is -- other than a little bit of extra inventory that we brought in to make sure we protected our customers from a channel standpoint and a supply chain standpoint, we're in pretty good shape on the balance sheet. So what's going to happen is that balance sheet is actually going to get bigger from a working capital standpoint because we're going to be growing in the second half of the year.
So the way for us to get back to the very challenging operating cash flow and free cash flow number next year, which will still be very, very good, is we've got to get higher earnings because as we -- as Frank and I have communicated to all the lead people out there, earnings is going to drive cash flow this year, not the liquidation of the balance sheet. In fact, the balance sheet is going to go the opposite way.
So this is -- we thought last year was a lot of fun. This one's a higher degree of difficulty for the operating people because they're going to try to figure out how to not to put a lot of working capital on but they're going to have to put some on because our receivables are growing, our inventory will be growing a little bit but at the same time, how we get more earnings. So now if we want to keep a $3 billion or $3.1 billion in front of the operating earnings or cash flow next year, we've got to really work hard on the earnings side. It's not going to be on the working capital side. And that -- and everyone has been communicating. Frank's been beating everyone up on that one from the standpoint of CFO. We can see that, period.

Forum?

Okay, Jamie?

From our perspective, as we went through Lal and his team this year from a strategy standpoint, we are acquirers in this space. We would like to add more, again, help us diversify into the hybrid space. We've been doing some software acquisitions, not many hardware at this point in time. We have the primary software. We would like to continue to acquire in the space to help us diversify and also drive a little bit faster growth.
It's a tough market right now to do it, but we're outlooking pretty hard. And we're trying to shake it out. And I know Lal has his wish list, working with Mark Bulanda and the team there. So we are acquirer in this space right now, and we will continue to push that pretty hard from that perspective.
I know Lal is very interested and has a very strong preference to that from that standpoint. So anything else you want to add?

A lot of investment in that area right now, try to make that more relevant and more significant for all of us.
So with that, I want to thank everybody for joining today. It was an amazing year. It's quite an unusual year as we wrap up 2021 -- our 2020 as move into '21. I want to again thank everybody out there for attending today and talking. I apologize, we lost our webcast -- WebEx, I guess, webcast for everybody. So the -- I guess...

The recording will be available. Unfortunately, it tells you that Mr. Farr is stepping down or something like that. So you can't go back and change that.
But I want to appreciate everybody for joining, and I want to thank everyone for this year. And we're looking forward to have a very good 2021 in an uncertain time, but we feel good about going into '21 based on what we got done in self-help in 2020. We got a strong team at the top here. We got Jamie here, Lal here, Frank and everybody else working around here. So we're looking forward to have a great year and making another record year for us in '21.
So thank you, everybody, and look forward to seeing everybody soon.