Thank you very much, Tim. I also want to thank Bob and Mike for joining us today and updating everybody. We'll obviously be in the call to answer questions for the people who want to ask questions. 
As you look at the order trend chart, the trends continue to stay within the band that we outlined in February of 2018 at the conference in New York. In total, I expect this will continue in the fourth quarter. We expect this to be at the high end of this band as we've moved up towards greater than 5%. 
Automation Solutions orders will continue to do well. From the standpoint of both Mike's business and Bob's business, Mike's now starting to come into tougher and tougher comps because last year, at this time, he had a very strong July, and it will start to continue to bounce up against that. Bob's business clearly has been positive in the 5% to 10% range. Now it's a little slower over the last couple 2 years. And so his comparisons are getting tougher and tougher. But overall, I feel very good about the momentum. The pace of business is not slowing down. Our growth and opportunities are out there, and we're seeing our customers continue to spend. We are seeing the impact, the positive impact, of the new tax law in the United States, and people are spending money. And we are clearly getting that pace of business. If you look at our North America sales and orders, they've been very strong since the enactment of the tax law. 
But I want to thank everybody for joining us today. One thing you might notice in the first page, we had a recent STEM program, and I was addressing my new employees. And I have one in the front row here in the little green outfit, you'll go back and look at that photograph, and she was asking me a great -- question. Her parents are shareholders, and she was asking me a very delicate question. She said, "Mr. Farr, are you going to break the dividend string in 2019?" And I said, I see no reason to break the dividend string in 2019. And she said, "Good. I'll be able to afford to buy some more milk or whatever I needed for eating here." So she was very diligently asking me questions about the dividends, which was quite interesting. Yes, they're very good shareholders, and I like those type of shareholders. 
As you know, one of the things that we've been doing and working across the company since the new platform structure is to make sure we have the right benefit structure, the right compensation structure across the global world. Clearly, we try to make sure that we're making the right enhancements to stay competitive. And as we said in the press release, we continue to make changes to our package and -- both on the health and medical side, also parental leave improvements, better vacation plans. And now the most recent one is the improvement in our 401(k), and we're making a onetime contribution to our U.S. employees, which is going to cost us around $24 million. But it's all about making sure we have the best group of employees that we need around the world as we continue to enhance our benefits around the world. In today's competitive environment, this is very, very important, and we wanted to make sure that we did it. We'll continue to tune things a little bit, but the major actions have been undertaken. And we'll continue to make sure that we stay competitive on a global basis, but that's extremely important to us. 
If you look at everything that's going on, it's been a very good 6 months. If I look at the improvement of sales, I look at improvement of orders, I look at our gross margins, our EBIT margins, our cash flow, both businesses are operating at very high levels of performance. We had 2 days of planning conference with the new Final Control business. The total integration of V&C was outstanding. They are ahead relative to sales expectations. Our orders this year in both businesses are growing. We did not expect the orders of V&C would recover so fast, but they're growing in line with the Final Control and the whole Process business, which is exciting to see. We're seeing improvement in profitability. We're ahead of our margins that we expected, and we're seeing very strong cash flow, as you can see in our cash flow conversion from the total company. What a really great job by both Mike's and Bob's organization and around the world, and I want to thank these teams globally for doing an outstanding job. Mike and Bob, we really appreciate that. 
If I look at the global market today, we have all our global businesses now basically in the markets growing. We have the various marketplaces showing positive growth both in orders and sales. When we first started the year, we still had a couple of markets that had not recovered, started growing. But now you see -- in total, you're seeing all our markets growing. And as I look at the order pace and I look at the interest in business right now, that's a good thing to have as you move into 2019. 
If you remember, we talked about that initially, the mature markets would take over and grow first, which we've seen. We are now starting to see the emerging markets take off. And I would expect to see our emerging markets, sometime in early 2019, outgrow our mature markets. Our mature markets will continue to grow at a good pace, but I expect the emerging markets to take off as investments continue to go forward. 
As you look at the performance, last year at this time, our underlying sales were growing around 4%. We grew underlying sales 8%. As we go into the fourth quarter -- last year, underlying sales were growing 3%. We're talking about underlying sales growing around the 7.5% range at this point in time. Comparisons are getting tougher, but the pace of business remains to be very strong, and we have very good momentum across this company in many areas. So I'm very, very pleased about that. 
But I know that Bob now has his hands wrapped around and his team have their hands wrapped around the acquisition of the Textron Tools & Test business. They're quickly going about how they can integrate. They're quickly going about how they can grow this business, how they can improve the profitability. You clearly see, like we saw in V&C, the profitability of the segment will be hurt by this acquisition because it's clearly lower profit margin than we have today. But they have plans to get that margin back up and stop it from being dilutive in a relatively short time period. I also see improvements relative to cash flow, which is very important to us relative to that acquisition. But equally important, the organizations are working together very quickly, and it's really exciting to see. 
We closed Aventics a couple of weeks ago. And Mike -- or Mike and his team reported to the board today as did Bob and his acquisition and talked about what they see and what they see after the first couple of weeks, in Bob's case after the first 30 days. A lot of opportunities here, and they continue to work. And both of them will have a negative impact on initial margin but will work its way through to make sure they contribute to overall profitability as we move into 2019. 
But from the standpoint of where we stand with V&C and these 2 other major acquisitions -- we've done a lot of acquisitions in the last 18 months. And I would expect us to have bolt-on opportunities going into 2019 but I would -- not the same magnitude of what we've done here the last 18 months. But very strong performance, earnings and cash flow. And I fully believe that, as I said early on in the year, V&C will contribute to our overall earnings for the year, and they will contribute very strongly in cash flow. And their margins are getting to where they need to be, as we talked about. In fact, they're ahead of plan as we move forward here. So really running well going into that fourth quarter. 
I would like to make one other comment relative to the corporate organization and, in particular, around Frank's team and Alex Peng and his team relative to tax, the tax planning with the new tax laws. We were really well prepared, and we were able to take advantage of our tax laws and really minimize the impact of the overall cost to the corporation. The true-up of picking up this much money, $150 million, both earnings and cash over time, are really reducing our rate for the quarter. Again, investing in people, investing back in the company. But really, this is a great job by Frank and Alex and the whole team down there on behalf of all shareholders to make sure that we have the right rate structure and make sure that we're doing the right thing on a global basis for tax payments and really helped us for the quarter and also for -- as we move forward into the coming years. 
Our effective tax rate will be in this 25% range. That's down 5 or 6 points from where it used to be. And so that's a lot of value creation, and the question for us is how we put that money to use to grow the company a little bit faster, more profitable and use that cash flow to also pay back more money to the shareholders over time, too. So I'm very pleased. And Frank, and you know I -- the team's done a great job, and I appreciate that. 
As I look at that fourth quarter and I look at where we're headed in the fourth quarter, as we sat here 3 months ago talking about the third quarter, we talked about a quarter there would be, plus or minus, I believe, around -- I said $0.85, plus or minus $0.02. I mean, that's based to how I think I'm thinking within a $0.05. It's difficult for us to call within a $0.05. And I know people always think when we say plus or minus, it's always going to be plus. You should never think that. When I say that, I'm trying to give you the best range that I can give you at that point in time. As we look at the fourth quarter, we feel the momentum right now gives us about 7.5% underlying growth. We see pretty good growth relative to acquisitions. The currency will hurt us as we end the fourth quarter, but I still believe that we'll be over 10% on a GAAP basis. And clearly, the comps are getting tougher and tougher, but we have strong momentum going to this quarter. 
I expect this quarter to be, as we're saying here, around $0.86, plus or minus $0.02 to $0.03. Clearly, we'll push for the quarter ending and see what we can do, but we -- that's about the range we see right now and the pace of business as we look at everything that we're dealing with across this company. And again, operations are doing well and performing well. And it was a very good quarter, and we hope to continue to drive this the next couple of quarters. And I don't see any reason why not at this point in time. But every day is a new day in this world, and we'll see what happens. But the momentum is behind, really with us right now and also from the standpoint of strong opportunities around the world for orders and for growth and for process improvements. I like what we see at this point in time. And so we have a lot more positive working for us than we do against us. 
So with that, I open the door -- or I'm sorry, the phone for calls, and we'll take some Q&A, and we look forward to talking with you.

Yes. The issue, as I've always said early on in the beginning of the year, Nicole, where I saw -- I looked at this, the 2-year type of band of growth. We always felt that the growth was going to accelerate throughout the year. We thought this year would be maybe more of a -- not double digit. We didn't think we'd cross that 10% mark. Clearly, now as I look at the 2 years, I've always felt that we would have somewhere around 16% to 18% and 19% combined growth. We have a lot of momentum right now, and so we have a stronger front-end load. And so from my perspective right now, I'm looking at probably equal years from this standpoint. I don't see -- there are certain things our customers can work on. And as Mike said, as we've seen the funnels come up towards this top number, it could go maybe a little bit higher. But at some point in time, they only can work on so many projects. So the momentum is pretty strong. We're going to have obviously a stronger year this year. We're getting close to 10% for the whole year underlying growth rate for the automation business. And therefore -- so I'm looking next year, probably going to be in that 9% to 10% of range now because I'm looking at that combined -- I look at the 2-year cycle for this business, and it's not any different than I said last year or earlier this year. I said if we have a 7%, 8%, then I expect us to be a 9%, 10% next year. So now I'm looking more equal-equal, Nicole, for the year just based on the way -- our customer base. And Mike, do you want to add anything to that?

Yes. I mean, historically, we've seen a 2-year cycle. We look back at our cycles, where typically, when we're taking off on combined basis, it's that 16%, 17%, 18%, 19% on a 24-month time period. So that's how I look at it. I thought we were going to be less front end-loaded. Now it looks like we're stronger. But it's going to be a good year any way I look at it, Nicole. Right now, our backlog, our growth and orders are strong, so we're very positive about it. Now we got to make sure we have enough people. That's a big issue now.

We have quantified it. We've not gone out publicly. It's not that huge of a number relative to what we're doing. The teams have done a great job of offsetting both with material containment or pricing actions. We're staying slightly green. I think that will be the case for the fourth quarter and again next year. Obviously, Bob's business is more challenging. He has less flexibility in the short term. Over the long term, he can adjust. We have the flexibility around the world. We talked about this before, where today, one of our global strategy is to have that flex manufacturing capability, and we've had that flex manufacturing capability. And fortunately, our businesses are not in the, let's say, the bulls-eye of a lot of the tariff activity. So it's smaller and we can react to it. So just as much as maybe some of our competitors are hurt, we're helped and vice versa. It's been a pretty good trade-off. But I don't like the way it's unfolding, and hopefully, things would settle. But right now, it's manageable, as we told the board. And next year, what will happen is we'll have to have more material containment. We'll have to have a little bit more pricing. And clearly, it's creating an inflationary environment, which helps us both at the top line, faster growth, but also forces us to do a lot more material containment around it. So it's very manageable at this point in time, even with the current actions underway. And I have much bigger issues in the world than that.

If you look at the true underlying performance, we're around 35% for the quarter. And as we talked about -- this is Julian, correct?

Julian, as we talked about, what Mike's having to do right now with the faster order pace running at 12% -- 10%, 12%, Mike is starting to have to -- and we talked about this, he'll have to start adding some incremental people around the world to deal with the projects. So I feel very comfortable in this 30%, 35% range at this growth level. If the growth level slows down, then we'll expect that to go up a little bit higher. But right now, we're having to put people in place. We're having to make investments both from a capacity and from a capital standpoint and to take care of some of this growth. Many of Mike's businesses right now in North America are actually getting back to peak performance in the last cycle in actual sales. So what that means is we're having to get our plants geared up. We're having to get the people geared up. And that's something that we got to make sure we stay ahead of given our presence around the world and given how fast we're leading out of this relative to our competitors. I feel very good about the margin at this point in time. But Mike and I also have to keep that in the debate back and forth, what's the right balance of it, adding new people, adding new capacity. And that's not -- it's a debate that we have a lot. But I think our margin right now -- this quarter's around 35%. I think we're going to stay in this 35% range. And if we have to drift it down a little bit for Mike, then we'll do that. But also, if he slows, we're going to take it back up. So that's how we see it right now. Mike, anything you want to add from a Julian standpoint?

Very good.

We don't see -- going back to both what Nicole asked and what you're talking about here, our project load right now, if you look it, it's still very KOB 1-, KOB 2-centric. The big projects have just started coming. And as I -- you know me, Julian. I like to take guesses. So as I look at the project funnel right now, what Mike's talking about and his business are talking about, it looks to me like it's really 2020, 2021 that the KOB 1 mix are really going to put pressure on us. And then -- but we have to get ready for that -- up to that because it looks like that's where those projects -- the bigger projects are heading. I mean, if you look -- a classic example, if you look at what happened to ExxonMobil last quarter, I mean, I've always felt that our industry under spent and was not ready for the downturn. And you saw that from the standpoint, now people are having to spend -- quickly have to spend on maintaining their facilities, and the production is having to come up much faster. And if they not had maintained their facilities, they're not ready for this, they obviously suffer. And this is happening across the world in this case, and it's something we saw because they cut so deeply from a capital standpoint. So that's where we are.

Before -- and I'll let [indiscernible] keep in mind, too, also our OEMs have been getting price now for 18 months. They're getting some very large price increases. And so some of those numbers, I mean, they had good underlying volume but some of those numbers also -- are price inflated. So Bob, why don't you answer that question now.

From China to here.

Julian, it's -- we watch it very closely because everyone reports around this space here, and we play with all the players. I mean, I would expect Bob and his business here will probably be up pretty good for the next 5 to 6 months of good order pace. These guys do a lot of moving around and shuffling and replace the backlog with pipeline. So overall, I feel -- we feel very good about it, and we'll see how it unfolds. But it's definitely a different mix this year than we've seen in the past. Service levels, service type of -- server products have been different this year, how service has been doing. And so it's a good year overall, so.

What will the volume numbers be for this year?

Well, we'll get a number to you. And to be honest, the compressor shipments this year are hitting an all-time high for us. I think, yes. We are hitting an all-time high. And so the plants are running pretty strong right now. And a lot of our customers are starting to level load more production, Steve, versus where they used to try to cycle. We're starting to see more and more customers to try to keep things level, which moves us out more. So we're not seasonal. I mean, it's a different view than we -- we're starting to see some different habits in our customers now.

No, no, no. We didn't. But you also got to keep in mind, the $0.86 we're taking care of the one-time accounting stuff for Aventics, we're taking care of the $0.03. And so, I mean, in real life, so those are the restructuring. So you're taking -- you're right. I mean, normally, but we -- we're also taking care of some issues as we close some deals and as we do the one-time 401(k). So that -- I mean I'm -- as you well know, Steve, I really can't call a quarter within a nickel. And so, when I look at that and say, that feels about right and it would be, as you said, the normal seasonal thing would be in the -- around that 90 plus, if you -- that's why if you -- that's what we've got to deal with relative to the -- that's what's going on. So you're not that far off. It's -- just don't forget about the $0.06 and the $0.03 from what we're doing there.

We'll start seeing the benefit -- we'll see the benefit the next -- coming in now and early next year, 2019. So...

Steve, we work a very fine line with our OEM's, because we know that -- we're trying to make sure they stay competitive, we stay competitive, but all sides, we're trying to keep it really tight around that plus or minus line relative to the price/cost type of situation.

I don't think the revenue's going to change much. I think they're going to be slightly -- on a reported basis, they're going to be slightly down because of the divestitures and the product lines we got rid of. But the underlying growth rate is now growing. So now, next year we're going to have a growth. And so the underlying order growth is around 9%, 10%. So they were slightly down because of what we've divested and what we're getting out of. But now they're coming off and, if you look at the order pattern, they are growing faster. So now they're going to start growing. So overall, we're going to grow that business. And it's going to -- we've got a good couple of years here between that business and what we're trying to do with it.

You're talking about trying to tie up some capacity.

Yes, these -- most of the awards have been in the $1 million to $10 million range. I mean, you've got a couple of bigger ones but most of them are smaller.

Steve, what goes on at the CEO level in these projects, without giving my perspective on what goes on here, is the projects, they have been prioritized right now. But the prioritization will change. And what will happen is, The CEOs, executives, will look at simply the people, the location, the world. There might be issues popping up in regions of the world where they need more gas and they need more oil, where we need to more -- issues relative to our own manufacturing. They will move some of these projects. You can see a project move 6 months in, 6 months out. These projects will slip, moving in and out. But what we see is we track them and we move them back, you would see other ones come in front. So right now, what we've been seeing is the projects have been moving around a little bit. Sort of like -- it's like a motion. You -- this doesn't look like a motion but these things are moving. But the funnel is pretty tight and consistent and where some of these projects are moving around is pretty good right now. But what we didn't have in February, and we don't have it here now is that we had only a few of the, what we call the big megas sitting in 2019, early 2020. We now look at that chart and there's a lot more of the megas coming in, in late 2019 or early 2020. So that tells me, when I made my earlier statement, I think these -- our KOB 1 business is really going to start getting up there in that level in the late 2020, '21 type of period because that's what's going to happen. So that's where we are right now. If the funnel shakes out pretty nicely, we might get up to $7 billion total, but that's a lot of work going on out there at this point in time.

It was -- Mike was real close, around 10% and [ ARS ] is probably very consistent with where we were before, so in the 3% to 4% range. That's very preliminary numbers. And we pushed them hard to get a number for this call here. But I still think we're in a good side of that band. And so overall, we're in pretty good shape.

Steve, I think I want to -- I'm going to ask Bob or Mike to comment. I mean, no one's really talked much or asked quite a bit -- Mike had a phenomenal quarter in China. And it's very broad-based, because we were just over there and we did a review. And your sales were 20-some-odd percent for the quarter? Orders have been very strong. So we're seeing -- Mike, you want to comment? We're seeing very broad across all industries, a lot of new players coming in and starting to build stuff both in China and moving outside it. And that's been a very pleasant surprise over the last couple of quarters. You may want to comment.

I was -- I'd say I was impressed.

I was impressed when I was there with Mike and his team, just recently. Bob was there too. Bob tried to get run over in a car. And I said -- you were with me. I didn't try because I was next to you. But I would think that the broad base of all these orders, and the type of industries going on and the customer list -- and one of the things -- good thing with this cycle is a lot of the smaller players that we are competing against do not have financing. They don't have the money to get access to money. And so the big multi-national companies have made -- continue to make investments, which we continue to do, including upgrading our manufacturing capability in China with the V&C stuff is -- we are really, really actually separating ourself again in China.

Hey, Jeff, you notice how are our orders and sales stayed pretty consistent and how they sort of track together?

One of the disciplines we have, Sprague, and a lot of people will give me a hard time -- are our releasing orders. All these guys would go, "S***, I can't believe he'd say that." But the issue is one of the disciplines we have across this company is making sure the order pace and monitoring and what we tell you guys is consistent because if we don't get an order and eventually get sales, something's up, going on. So I just had to tweak you a little bit, my friend.

I have to -- I'll explain that -- that was the next question I had gotten. She asked about the dividends. She didn't quite get the connection between -- I mean, I tell the guys the orders are great but without a sale, I can't pay a dividend. These guys hear me say that all the time.

Yes, I think, Jeff, that biggest issue that we have seen in North America is North America has been very strong in this capital. If you look at the GFI in the U.S., you'll see the numbers are quite strong, is that the pressure on our customer base was so enormous relative to cut capital so quickly that, that they stopped stuff very quickly in North America. They did not stop as quickly internationally as in North America. That's why we see our North America bounce back. And so I'm sitting there in the valves control conference, the Final Control, and we're seeing North America numbers coming back to levels we saw in '14 so quickly. And that tells me that things were cut off abruptly and they had to come right back on and they were ready to do it and I think that's a very good observation because that's what we're seeing right now.

They are all good things for us.

And each different person becomes a throttle too in those projects. Right? I mean, it's happened before in the peak. The other thing I would say that with the -- talking about V&C, I think V&C, the Valves & Controls, they did not have the capability of manufacturing the products here in the United States. And one thing Mike's team has got on it right -- rapidly is now, we have huge opportunities here in North America that we get -- are addressed very quickly with our channels. And the markets turned our way. So we're now getting V&C products in to customers that they've never been in before. Now we're having to quickly accelerate manufacturing and spend money. That gives us another little bumpier North America that we were not anticipating. My hat's off to Rob and his team and Mike for getting that done because that was not easy to do. We still have 18 months, 24 months of fairly big investments to make here. But it's -- things move to our way pretty quickly and the team executed very rapidly and the timing of the V&C acquisition has been perfect, as I look at it.

We needed them.

I think the big issue is what we're having to go through right now is we're having to spend some different capacity and some investment both in sort of the some of the service centers around the world. And I think we're going to -- we'll probably still have one more year of a slight dilution there from impact. But the profitability is going to be still very good, but I don't think it'll be quite accelerating as you're thinking there, Jeff. I still see some dilution impact. I still see some incremental investment that we're making faster than we originally planned.

Yes, I'll give you my 2 cents. First of all, this is my gut feeling, as you well point out to me. I mean, I've been in the business a long time, almost since when AT&T have been around, so this is my best view of this, okay. It's a little bit different cycle. I think we're early stages in this cycle. I don't think we're -- there's been such significant underinvestment. There's stronger growth globally. There's a shift in energy usage to the gas and alternative fuels. But oil is still used quite strongly all around the world as a commodity. So what we see right now is a fairly large investment of -- right now, early on, to fine-tune the facilities and to deal with short-term capacity and then -- in long term. So I think we're earlier cycle on this process. And so that's why -- I mean, I feel very good about this point in time. And from the standpoint of where we see the projects going, it's going to be, as Bob said, it's going to be a people-capacity issue for not only our customers, but also all of us too at the same time. But right now, I think we've got it under control. It's going to take a little bit more investment and use of technology. I feel pretty good about where we are in that cycle.

Historically, Nigel, I've been talking about it 2 years but if you go and look at 3 years and the bottom is the 3 years in the beginning to the peak and then next year down. You're typically talking on average around 26% to 28%, 29% 3-year type average numbers that will grow. And so we're just starting into that cycle at this point in time. On average, you can take the 3 years and average it out.

Yes, 6% to 8%. That's historically where we've seen.

So the corporate cost, expense standpoint?

Well, I mean, I think we're in pretty good shape for the year because a couple of things happened. We no longer have an overlap relative to our long-term performance year plan because we've now got totally that -- so we don't have that delta. The pension right now is still looking good. I think our pension costs are coming down. The -- from an acquisition standpoint, I mean, my plan -- we've done on average what, $1.5 billion to $2 billion over the last 2 years. I think we're going to be less than $1 billion next year at this point in time. So from a corporate standpoint, we're in pretty good shape. We're in pretty good shape there. I don't see anything extraordinary coming at us at this point in time. We're still trying to manage the capital. You guys think it's real easy to spend money. Sometimes it takes time to spend money. And we're managing at that. We're trying to get production geared up from that standpoint. But overall, I think the cost containment is pretty good. We're just selecting, making -- having to make some investments to deal with the long-term -- the projects that Mike sees coming out him. We want to make sure we're ready. We don't want to lose them, and we want to make sure we can serve our customers on a global basis. And that's a good example of capital right, because commercial construction, ability to execute is limited by the industry [indiscernible].

I don't know. I haven't looked at that tightly. We'll talk to you in a week or so. Nigel, we haven't looked at 2019 that tightly yet. The answer is, we haven't looked at that closely yet. Gee, we're trying to get the fourth quarter done. It will be a positive. I don't know -- It will be a positive I can tell you -- I can't size it. God, I wish I was that good.

Not too bad. we're still trying to calculate some corporate costs. Frank's barely got the tax planning  done in the third quarter and now he can't give you a total year corporate cost for next year. What's wrong with you, Frank? I mean, what are you thinking? What should we do with this budget -- his bonus this year? You know?

That's very smart, Andrew.

There's couple of things going on here. One, the treasury when they passed the law back in December hadn't really promulgated the laws yet. So I mean, it took a long time for them to get all the rules and regulations out. So as you know, this year, everyone had provisionals. We took provisionals and we took a provisional in our first quarter, correct, Frank?

And so everyone has done that. Now because we're a [ 9 30 ] company, the laws have been promulgated and we have a clear vision of what's going on. So I would expect most companies are calendar year companies. So I would expect them to really get in this sort of -- figure it out in November -- of late November, December, this -- time frame. We just happen to get -- the rules came out a couple of weeks ago, a month -- about 30 days, about 45 days. We were able to get this thing hammered out pretty quickly and so we moved forward with all these ins and outs of this and we got it clean. Most companies will take all the way to the end of this calendar year to clean this up because there's a lot of things going on around the rules and regulations on the tax laws. And that's why I wanted to thank Frank and rest of those guys because there's a lot of work here and you've got to make sure once you make that call that you don't reverse it. And I don't want to reverse it. So we're paying taxes along those lines. Anything else you want to add to that, Frank?

Relative to the 401(k), we've been planning things and studying things. And we looked at all the benefits, and this is the last big thing we wanted to do. And typically, we look at things like this will be more in the fourth quarter for us when we do things for our employees, our fiscal fourth quarter. And so that's why we did that. I mean, could we have done it earlier? The answer is yes. But this was after we looked at everything we were trying to do and magnifying and looked at everything and so we made the decision to do it. And it's normal when we go out and communicate increases and everything, this is one more way you could just thank the employees for what they've done for us.

Absolutely.

Yes, I think -- we talked about this early on, Andrew. The first phase of capital this year were short-term stuff, these guys. A lot of that was payback, quick payback. They may not be publicly talking to you guys. But they know that we've got -- they've got to increase their reserves. They've got increase the sales, the top line. So investment discussions are underway and they're -- it's happening and it's also, from a competitive standpoint, they're not going to tell people where they've gone for their money because that's a competitive advantage. So I think that you may not be seeing it, but we see it because we have to work with not only the Exxon Mobils and the BPs or the Shells, but we also working with the EPCs right now. So the EPCs are getting very busy. And so all these different things are coming together. So going back to what Nigel said, I think this is fairly early on in the medium size, the large-sized projects at this point in time. I like where we are at this point. And I'm more worried about how am I going to produce it now as I get into late 2019, early 2020.

Total project in LNG right now, you see out there, what's the total magnitude of projects you're seeing be discussed, the total number?

For us, what's the total projects? What's the total project?

So $1 billion for us.

5%. Maybe it'll be 20...

There's a lot going on out here, Andrew.

Give us one second, we'll give you the numbers here, my friend.

That's where we want to drive.

He likes South, but I'm like North. I'm talking with my shareholders.

It's not internal constraint. It's a function of what we're trying to get our hands on right now, Gautam. And we -- if you look at the acquisitions of V&C, you can look at the Textron acquisition, you look at the Aventics acquisition, all 3 of those major acquisitions in the paradigm have been -- we have been working on for years. So it's just a function of what we see we're working on right now and trying to entice and encourage it. We may have something new come out of the blue, we don't know about at this point in time. But I'm just looking at what we see working on and that we think we can shake loose as a cooperation with where the acquisition has come from. And that's just -- it goes in cycles like that. So we're working very, very hard and as we get into '19 and early '20 to try and shake loose a couple of more good ones -- a nice little bolt-on acquisitions. It just takes time. That's how to do it.
Okay, thank you very much. I want to thank everybody for joining us today and very much appreciate you joining on the call. Again, Mike, and Bob, Frank, your whole teams out there around the world, thank you very much for what you accomplished this quarter, and we've got one more quarter to get done this year, then we can go home and have a drink. Thank you very much, everybody.