Thank you very much, Pete. And I want to welcome everyone here. For your information, we are sitting in my conference room, properly spread out. And we have been operating. Emerson's been open throughout this whole process. We made the decision as OCE on March 10, when I came back from a conference in New York. When I was presenting at JPMorgan, I was the only CEO who showed up, and so I made the decision with the OCE to stay open. We have the OCE here every day. We're properly spread out, as you guys know, in this office complex. 
We also have about 15 other executives throughout the floor. We get together on an ongoing basis to make sure we're making decisions, constantly making decisions. We shut the rest of salaried workforce down and sent them home, they're working from home. But it was -- I felt it was very important with this crisis that we were here live and we can make quick decisions and deal with the issues very, very quickly, both from a structural standpoint but also from a competitive standpoint, to look at opportunities to keep winning as a company. 
The opening slide I want to share with you. Honeywell has been involved with making masks. They have a plant running up in Rhode Island. They have a new plant coming up in Arizona. We work very closely with Honeywell. Darius and I actually talked several times on this issue to make sure they got equipment. We reallocated. Branson makes welding equipment that makes the masks around the world and testing equipment. And so this is currently the facility in Rhode Island we took a picture of, with our equipment and the Honeywell mask. 
And we've -- this is where CEOs around the world, what I call frenemies, work very closely together to get things done for the nation, for the world. And I just want to make comments to that because this is a situation where Honeywell and I are working together to do something right for America and not necessarily beating up on something else. 
So I want to turn it back over to Pete. But again, here, we're sitting here, we're properly spread out. Tim is holding my Rally Monkey and my Stan Musial bat and making sure that it doesn't get coronavirus. 
So with that, Pete, it's all yours.

Thank you. I asked Frank to talk to the shareholders this morning about this issue. Frank and his team, I have to give tremendous kudos to accomplishing what they've done. They came to us in early February, long -- and basically saying we need to start taking action. Frank also worked very closely with the Finance Committee, the Chairman and several other members of the Finance Committee who are very knowledgeable of what's going on in the marketplace, and they structured this very well at the time. 
We also had several executives -- we had an Executive Board meeting to discuss this issue and other actions. And then we -- also, last week, we pulled up our Board meeting and had a 4-hour Board meeting with the Board. And then yesterday, we had the Audit Committee meeting. So we're trying to communicate to our Board to get their inputs. But most importantly, as I look at this, liquidity, the financial structure, the ability to finance this company in the times like this are very, very crucial. And Frank and his team have done an outstanding job with that. 
Before Mike has a comment about the battles he's been fighting around the world, I want to remind people on part -- Chart 20 for the new sell-side or investors out there. Emerson's had a very global regional strategy since back -- since the day I started running the company as the CEO back in 2000. We've had this strategy where we look at the world on Americas, Europe and Asia Pacific. We go from manufacturing, engineering, supply chain, customer sales and support service. And we look at ways -- I call it the tic-tac-toe chart. We look at ways that we could serve the global marketplaces out of 1 or 2 and maybe even 3 of the regional areas. This has been one of our strategies from day 1. 
I also want to thank the Audit Committee and the work that some -- our Head of Audit, Lisa Flavin, who runs audit for us here inside, worked on our enterprise risk strategy which analyzes this chart and making sure that it works. And it has worked as we've gone through this strategy. We first tested it clearly in February and early March with the China shutdown. And we've tested it again.
Now we -- there are issues we will deal with when we get out of this. But from my perspective, this whole regional strategy, one you hear now, even the President of the United States talk about, is something that's been very effective for this company relative to serving our customers. And I want to make sure people remember that we have this. We will fine-tune this a little bit when we come out of this because I see some different issues in today's world. But this is a living document that we've obviously adjusted over the years, including when we had too much concentration in China. About 8 years ago, and many of you know that I started making moves with the team to move some production out of China and diversify it more around the world. But again, I want to thank Frank and the work of the Finance Committee and then also want to thank the global operations. And I'll have more comments on this in a second.
Before I turn it over to Mike, when we got the OCE together in early March, we formed many, many task force led by the OCE. It wasn't that one throat to choke here. We had everyone involved. And one of the things that Mike stood up to do is dealing with the international markets, the international governments and making sure that we can keep our facilities open, both from a manufacturing standpoint and a sales and -- sales, operations and supply chain. And Mike has extremely broad and deep knowledge of the international markets. He's been working for pretty much his whole life here at Emerson. And so Mike has been leading this battle with the operating leaders at the same time, taking care of this battle. 
So Mike, I'm turning it over to you. And update the shareholders on how we see it right now.

Well, Mike, I want to thank you very much for this issue. This is not easy. This is 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, day in and day out. Over the weekend, you and I were talking a lot. You were talking to various people, dealing with political leaders at all levels to make sure they understand the importance of this and then working very closely with -- hands-in-hands with operations. 
I also want to make a call out to Steve Pelch and the organization relative to the work they've done on safety and all the task force that we've rolled out with help of Bob and Lal and the other team around the world, knowing what's going on. Every day, we get reports around the world of what's happening with employees, if any of them have contracted a coronavirus, anyone has become -- tested positive, who's being isolated. Steve has organized this right now. He is now in the process, working with the HR teams and the global manufacturing teams, to get to how do we come back out of this on a measured way, in a safe way? How do we come back out of this operation and get everyone back to work and back into the buildings that we have from a salary standpoint and support our global manufacturing and technology? 
But Mike, in this area here, this is something that we've never had to realize before where we've had to work governments at the highest level. This is where having those relationships that all of us have, and everybody at this level, and also retired executives at Emerson have, that really come home and help us in times like this. 
But for the people out there, before I go into it, I want to make other comments. As you can imagine, we are fighting a global pandemic war. And given the CEO that runs this company, you guys know me pretty well, I firmly believe that leaders need to be at the front. We don't need to be hiding in bunkers or hiding at home. Leaders need to be at the front and fighting the war and winning this war. And I want to make sure that special recognition goes to the Board, who's been working with us very closely with special meetings; the OCE; the senior executives; and all the world area people that have been engaged and are working this -- on the daily issues.
It's amazing what comes up on a daily basis, but being together allows us to walk down the hall, properly stay apart from each other, other than every once in a while, maybe screaming at somebody. So they're a little too close. But it's important that we have this eyeball-to-eyeball contact to deal with the issues. But again, the Board accelerated a Board meeting, they accelerated the review of the numbers, and the Audit Committee approved the numbers yesterday. And we will be filing our Q hopefully by Friday, at the latest on Monday. 
Also, very important to all the employees around the world and customers is communications. And every one of us, myself and Bob and Lal and Steve and Mike, we've all had videos. I'm doing another set of videos today, as is Bob, I believe. We've had notes, we've had letters, and we've communicated constantly to our employees so they know what's going on. It's important that they're not too worried about this because we are clearly in a war and we've got to keep fighting this. 
So from my perspective also, I want to make one other comment. You'll see on the slide here. In a conversation I had with the Executive Board a couple of weeks ago, we made the decision at the OCE level that we -- at the Board level, the OCE, we took a 15% base salary cut effective April 1, which is now in place. We went to the next senior level, executive levels, pretty high level all the way out, down to 10% (sic) [ down 10% ]. And then the rest of the global people involved on our bonus programs are -- took a cut of 5%. 
But you're going to see cutbacks, you're going to see furloughs. There's a lot of things that are going to be happening here. We've pushed out all salary increases for 12 months. So it's a rolling process that people like me, who would normally get my salary increase in November time period, that will not happen in November of 2020. I won't get one until 2021, which most likely means I'll get nothing because I will be retiring. So be it. 
On Chart 23, I want to give you a sense of the orders. Now keep in mind -- I know people are wondering, how did Emerson only have negative 3% in the quarter? Well, the real impact started in the last 2.5 weeks in March. We as a company talked to you all in February at the meeting in New York, around $100 million, and then we raised it a couple of weeks later to about $150 million. Then what happened as the world started engaging, we saw the impact in the second half of March. So overall, we are only down 3%, Automation Solutions only down 1%. But if you look at Bob's 5%, he basically is in line. He's a book and ship company. He was pretty well in line with his orders and sales for the quarter. 
So what this chart shows you, though, is clearly what we see now is a pretty strong drop-off in the months of April, May and June and July. And you're going to see orders that are now going to start bouncing in the negative 10%, negative 20%. And I know Lal and Bob will give you some color on this, but that's what we'll be facing right now. Because historically, you would see that negative 3% and say, "Oh, Emerson will be okay in the third quarter." That's not the case. It started dropping. But that -- so I want to give you an understanding of why the orders held up. We're doing well from the standpoint of what's going on in the economy, but it's still going to start dropping down. And hence, the very weak third quarter that Pete outlined with you earlier. 
As you look at the underlying sales growth, as the OCE and we held WebExes around the world with all our key leaders around the world over the last several weeks, in fact, the last 45 days, as we lived together here, we now see a pretty strong downturn here in the third quarter and also in the fourth quarter. We see this as a 4- to 6-quarter reduction. This is on Chart 24. And at that point in time, we're structuring our costs accordingly. This is not going to be a quick bang up, bang down, bang up. No, it's not. It's going to take time. 
Now if you look at the '21 numbers, those are directional only. We think that we're going to have the first half, will be negative and then it'll start turning back up. The question will be how fast the governments open up certain parts of the world, how fast the government stimulus comes into play, how fast do some of our customers come into play. 
We are now modeling what we think is going to be the '21, '22, '23, for both our internal standpoint as we see more and more inputs every day coming in from the customers, every day coming in from around the world. As you look at this, we're looking at a pretty strong negative third quarter, down 14% online growth, plus or minus probably 2 points. Third quarter, which we'll talk about, Lal will talk further about, minus 10%, plus or minus 3 points. So -- and then you see some negative growth as we move into the first half of next year. 
So we're hunkering down into a very, very challenging 2020 and a challenging first half of '21. And hence, the work that the operations and also corporate's done relative to cost. And as I look at what's going on right now and we're in this pandemic war, we basically look at the situations of what -- we're evaluating everything. What we really need, what -- or I'm evaluating the organization, which ones are rising to these challenges, which ones have the right stuff and which ones are bunkering. 
And so all these things are very, very important to me as we go in and spend our time every day here in the office. And since there's no golf going on, I basically spent 10 hours a day at the office and I go home and walk for about at 1.5 hours every night with my wife and then I start thinking about things and I get back to the office. So a lot of time in Emerson right now as I think through with this team, most of the team and talk about what's happening. 
If you look at the aggressive cost actions that we started last year, and that's what's really helped us. As you saw the close both at Lal's Business and Bob's business, if you think about what we did versus our guidance, our sales dropped in the second quarter $340 million, the deleverage is only 15%. That's tremendous. And you'll see Bob and Lal will give you a little bit more detail on that. 
Versus last year, if I look at -- from the second quarter standpoint, we dropped $408 million and we only deleveraged 9%. And that was fundamentally because of the work that Bob did last year early on, and then also the work that Lal did in the second half of calendar year 2019. So that really paid off. 
Cash flow. The guys around the world did a great job, but now earnings are dropping and we're looking at a much tougher cash flow in the second half. We still will generate strong cash flow, but not at the same level because earnings are dropping. 
We clearly, right now, as you look at the analysis on our cash flow in the first half, we are now starting to liquidate our balance sheet, which is not unusual for Emerson. We're very, very good at managing our cash flow. Hence, we generate strong cash flow in the first half of the year. But as we liquidate the balance sheet in the second half of the year, the toughest of it will be inventory because inventory -- the volume has dropped dramatically right now. And then what will happen to us as we go into '21, we'll start and have to add the balance sheet as we start growing the company again sometime in late '21. 
Restructuring has truly helped us. Both at the corporate level, I talked to you about the cutbacks we're taking across the world on salaries, on cutbacks and delays in salary increases; but also our bonuses will be -- was significantly reduced. We are not going to 0 bonus. We've cut them back significantly. We'll be setting targets around margins and cash. And this is very important right now as we go through this positioning, how to protect and maintain those margins and how to generate cash. And that's something that we're working on right now as a corporation, and I'll work with the full comp committee and the full Board. 
We're also accelerating restructuring. We had a major restructuring program underway already. In 2020, we were going to spend $215 million. It's now up to $280 million. Both businesses are using this opportunity to really evaluate, okay, how do we set the cost structure even stronger for us going forward, looking at layers, looking at organizations? And what do we really need to do relative to the organization to make sure we win but also have the right cost structure and so we go through this tough time period? 
We don't know exactly how things are going to go, but we have a good sense. I mean this team has been around a long time. As you know, I've been at Emerson for 40 years. If I went around this room and asked how many years these senior executives in this room have been, these guys are well into the 20s, into the 30s. So they know -- we know what's going on. We have very strong indications on what we've seen before and what we see today. So we're really looking at keeping the costs in line and making sure we stay aggressive. 
One of the things we've done over the years, as you well know, is we've continued to diversify the company. Today, 80% of our -- we have non-oil and gas end markets. So oil and gas markets, clearly, upstream oil and gas, the pipelines and terminals. Even pipelines and terminals right now, it's a questionable market. Some of the terminals are actually growing. They're investing in terminals because they're storing oil. But typically, we're down to basically 20%, driven by this oil, gas fluctuation. Our rest of the business, we've continued to diversify on. And both Lal and Bob will talk a little bit about this, but we clearly have a different mix today, and you'll see it here in a few minutes. And Bob has a very broad diversification around some key industries. And so it makes it a little bit different than we've had in the past. 
Yes, we're going to get hurt by oil and gas investments when 20% of the company is around that upstream oil and gas, but you're also going to quickly see that we have a very strong KOB 3 business here in this marketplace. So the market is not going to 0. We are going to support these organizations, and you'll see the numbers, they're quite significant investments we've made over the last 10 years in our service organization and penetration in the aftermarket, and Lal will talk about that. 
One of the other things is, clearly, North America. In North America, we obviously do very well. We have a very strong position in oil and gas. However, we also continue to diversify ourself against -- away from this marketplace, and still support it. We're not walking away from it, we just have other businesses that -- and from the standpoint of pharmaceutical, medical, chemical, whatever industries. Power. So if you look at where we see today, you think about percentage of automation sales, this year, we're going to be in 10% to 12% in oil and gas in North America. It's not going to go away. It's not going to go to 0. You can see last year, it was $900 million upstream. This year, we're looking around $750 million. I guarantee you, the majority of that will be KOB 3 aftermarket business to keep the facilities safe and running and producing. 
If you look back at the last industrial recession, we're well over $1 billion. It dropped a little bit upstream, but it didn't go away. We don't have the numbers relative to the '08, '09 numbers, but you can see that it was a little bit higher percentage at that point in time. 
So we have continued to diversify. We have continued to work on our aftermarket business. And what I really want to do for the guys, and I'll turn it over to Lal in a second, but I wanted to give -- them to give you an insight relative to the business you see right now, also to give you some really strong insights that you're not going to get from a lot of other people around China, actually giving you numbers, showing the shape of the curves and the recovery. But we've done a lot of work here thinking about what our investors would like to know about what's going on inside Emerson and what we see day to day, which clearly is fluid, but we as a team are working very quickly to react to this. 
And so Lal, why don't you take them through this, your presentation here?

Thank you. Thank you very much, Lal. And thanks, everybody. Again, we made the decision as we listen to our investors in the calls and the sell-side analysts and also the buy-side, investors, that we felt that we needed to go a little bit above and beyond normal in our communication. Don't expect this type of detail all the time. A lot of work goes into this, I just want you to make sure. But I think it's important that our investors understand what we're living in day in and day out.
And again, I want to thank everybody, both in this room, the entire OCE, the 15, 20 people that put up with me for the last 45 days and also the people around the world as both Bob and Lal and Mike and Frank have communicated. It takes a team effort, and we've divided and conquered and formed task force and worked this on a day-to-day, face-to-face basis, and I want to make sure that everyone's recognized for that. I'm doing a video again this afternoon, 2:00, 2 videos, one for the employees and then also one for our website to thank everybody.
I also want to make one special emphasis on this. People know me quite well. In 2015, '16, 17, we went through a major repositioning effort, and I made a very strong statement that we would not cut our dividend. We would not break our dividend history. I want to make sure people understand that. I'm still the CEO. I'm not dead though people have tried to kill me. I'm still quite strongly in charge. And as long as I'm here, our dividend will not be cut, and we will maintain our dividend payments in history. We have the financial flexibility and capabilities to do that going forward.
We also are looking clearly -- one of the things I want to make a comment on is acquisitions. We clearly see some opportunities that will start emerging. And we want to make sure we are strong, financially set. And while the work that Frank's doing and the work everyone's doing right now gives us that flexibility to pick up unique opportunities like we did V&C many years ago.
But with that, I want to thank everybody in the situation room here. And I want to thank everybody around the world that has listened to us for Emerson. And now we're going to open the lines and take Q&A.
And we'll start. So off the bat, so announcer, since you wouldn't do live from Saturday Night Live, this is live from St. Louis. And the first question is coming from, I guess, Mike Halloran. So let's open the line, so Mike can ask the question.

Yes. So I -- Michael, to give you some context, I've been around for quite a long time. I ran the process business back in 1996 and '97 when we had the financial crisis of Asia, and the price of oil went below $10, almost went to $0. I think you're exactly right. We're going to see -- I'll let Lal answer a couple of things here, too. But we'll see a structural change. I think we'll see an acceleration over time from liquids to gas. I think you're going to see a structural change in the power industry, a topic -- what's going to be going -- used in the power industry to generate energy and electricity. I think they'll take their time with this situation. I think some of our gas projects are still on the table. I'll let Lal talk about Golden Pass plus the one going on in the Middle East right now.
But the first thing right now, Mike, is they're going to hunker down and protect cash. They're going to try and maintain the current liquid production, the -- for revenue. They're going to -- so therefore, they're going to have to spend KOB 3 type of dollars and a little bit of KOB 2 dollars. I think this thing -- transition will be more out there in the '23, '24 and '25 time period based on my historical knowledge of this, and I appreciate that.
And by the way, I'm assuming COVID can't go over the wires and you get me sick. Because if you get me sick, I'll be very upset with you, Mike, especially since you're a Brewers fan, Milwaukee Brewers fan. 
So Lal, anything you want to add to that?

One of the things we're doing, Mike, in the -- because you're exactly right, there's going to be some structural changes here. We're starting -- we're evaluating our organization, too, and we're putting investments [ and how we are going to support it ]. As you well know, we can adjust our people but we're working very quickly because, clearly, there's not going to be any major projects for a while in the liquids side, they'll be more on the gas side. And we're -- and obviously, we're going to redirect our people and support the aftermarket business. So a lot of adjusting going on by the world area people. Jamie out in Asia Pacific, Vidya in the Middle East. We have, obviously, Roel in Europe, our leaders there are all adjusting because of the same issue that you bring up. And it's going to be very fluid and live for -- I think, for 2 or 3 years.

Mike, one more question [ from you ], please?

Yes. I think that we are -- one of the things that Lal and his team are really in -- they're -- we're obviously looking at our internal investments. I'll answer first and let Lal answer this, too. But we're obviously changing our investments towards serving the -- more the discrete marketplace, the other marketplaces, not the liquids side because I think the gas investments will continue to come back. The aftermarket gas is very, very strong. And there will be a liquid, but it will be changed, as you're saying. So you're going to see that we continue to invest at higher levels around the areas that are in the hybrid space, the discrete space, other space, both from an acquisition standpoint and also this internal development. We have a lot of projects underway right now working clearly within the discrete space, within the systems space, that move outside the oil in that marketplace. We're also looking at potentially some acquisitions. Can we shake out some acquisitions that are little more software-based or along those lines?
So Mike, I think you're right. And obviously, as we've seen in every other structure time like this, our liquid business will be less and our other business will be higher. So that percentage will continue to drop.
So if you think about the revenues and you think about the business that we have today, it's going to continue to shift away from the liquid side. We are not going to walk away from these important customers that we support in the oil and gas area. These are very important customers. The industry is dependent on our technologies. But you're right, we will reallocate some of the new innovation around the other areas in our portfolio, continue that mixing away from the oil and gas. 
So anything else you want to add there, Lal?

Yes. I think that on what you -- also, Mike, to add on, he's -- up in Minneapolis right now, they're working on a lot of sensors for the hybrid life sciences, food and beverage space, which is an important area.

Yes. I think the big issue right now, Nicole, is in the second quarter, why our decremental margins were so much better is, obviously, we had a lot under -- done in the first quarter. And then the drop-off in the sales is significant, but not the same level we're talking about in the third quarter.
So right now, the acceleration of the decline of our sales are overwhelming basically the restructuring we've done in the first half and the new -- and the incremental restructuring we have going on at this point in time. We are still looking at 12 months or less on the total pot. We are also looking at some longer-term ones that we're doing relative to our international markets, so we can sort of set ourselves up for a better '21 and '22.
But the third quarter in particular is really -- is because the drop-off you see in those sales, I think -- what did we drop off, $1 billion something in the third quarter sales?

$700 million? It's just overwhelmed everything we've done at this point of time. So we've been a little bit more cautious on that. But we're still looking at a very good payback of 12 months from that standpoint, very focused on that. But I just don't see us overwhelming that drop-off in sales that's hit us so hard in April, May and June.

Bob, why don't you answer first? What's your decremental in second half? You're going to be close to 30...

From a productivity -- I think the only thing you want -- might want to add to that, Bob, is you're still trying to target some EBITDA margin improvement for the whole year even with the down sales you're looking at. Is that still the case?

It's harder doing that...

Yes. The big issue -- and I'll let Lal answer, too, Nicole. The big issue right now is the plant. Some plants will operate for a day, 2 days and then get shut down as we have to clean. And that's -- that productivity impact is very, very hard to overcome, in which -- safety within our facilities is very, very important. It's frustrating. You have a situation, all of a sudden, you have to shut down, then you got to get people back up. So it's another hand tied behind your back here. But overall, I think with all that situation, it's going pretty well. 
So Lal, anything you want to add?

Correct.

The number one issue, Andrew, is we went into the financial crisis running hot, strong. We are very strong. We are growing double digit. So that was the big issue. We were in on a growing curve, and then we got hit, and we dropped hard off that hit. As you well know, we were structured this year for basically a flat year. We had a couple -- last year for Bob's business, he was flat or slightly down; Lal was way off what he thought it was originally. So we're going into the cycle differently. And the second thing is we are differently structured from a mix of the business since the last cycle. But the big issue is when we went into that one, we were growing very strongly, and then the bottom fell out. This one, we were ready for it. The bottom had already sort of collapsed last year. That's the biggest difference, Andrew.

Yes. So there's 2 avenues here. One, we are -- what we're trying to do is accelerate the programs, sort of the fixed cost programs, the facility programs that we had built more into 2021. We're trying to accelerate those into the second half of 2020 so we can get those done sooner because I -- when the spike does come back, we want to have those new facilities up and running, lower cost structure.
Secondly, we are being a little bit more aggressive on some of these consolidations and how we do them and how fast we get them done from that perspective.
And the third thing is, as I said earlier, both at corporate and the 2 platforms, we're looking at the structure of the overall company and what layers we can take out and what layers we don't necessarily need anymore as we learn how to run the company in a different world, which we are right now. So those are things we're doing. And we're just looking at everything very carefully and sort of if we don't need it, we're not going to do it. And that's from that perspective. 
So that's what's going on, a lot different view of this as we go through this pandemic war. Anything you -- Lal, you want to add?

Bob, anything you want to add?

We don't -- we use the word best cost. And the answer is no. We've always -- we always look at valuation relative to logistics. If you think about our regional strategy, we think about logistics, supply chains. I think there fundamentally will be some changes as people look at rebalancing that matrix site that we use. And we did a rebalancing about 5 or 6 years ago, 7 years ago. We'll take a look at that as we go forward here.
But from our perspective, we're -- we tweak that matrix on a constant basis. We'll tweak it again at the end of 2020. But right now, the definition of best cost has not changed, no.

Yes. I think if you -- I'll comment, and I'll let both these guys comment on their specific business because it will be different. I mean clearly, the liquid side of Lal's business is going to be very slow. I think you're going to see, starting in the first half of next year, some companies look at bringing some facilities back in the United States. So there will be some spending around pharmaceutical and medical, there will be spending around some of the chemical side and the materials that go into that space. I think you're going to see -- the only laggard we see probably early on will be the liquids side on the new contract -- in the new business. Historically, I mean, that would lag with this type of shock.
I would also, probably, be cautious about the gas. I think the gas capital investments will probably be a little bit slow recovering back. But the rest of the 80% of business that we look at, I think, will start bouncing back pretty quickly as they go through their own matrix and see where they're making stuff and how they rebalance that. But the power industry, I think, will continue to spend as it is right now. If I look at the food and beverage, I look at the chemical, all these guys are reevaluating those -- their spending. So I think those are -- they're going to come back. And it is the liquids and the gas side that I would worry about, which is about 20% of the total business. 
Anything else you want to add to that, Lal?

But you're going to see a lot of the -- as the White House, and I'm sure every government around the world is looking at is, all the areas that went into the health care, the medical, the type of chemicals, whatever they need, the pharmaceutical, I guarantee you they're going to look at how do you -- around the world, not just the U.S., but also Europe and Asia, they're going to look at, okay, where do we need to make those investments? And that's what's going to help drive a company like Emerson back in the early '21 time period. 
Bob, anything you want -- do you see a change coming back?

Yes, it might be more of a replacement market this year than a...

Thank you. Julian, anything else?

Well, if we -- I mean from the standpoint of -- we're not backing off our peak margin plan. So obviously, as we come out of that, incremental margins should be better in the term because we're taking fundamental structural changes to the company, and we are evaluating all the touch points between the 2 businesses and the corporate entities. So I would say structurally, costs will be lower as we come out of this, and that will be a good thing. And the key issue is -- for the next CEO is to make sure that he or she does not allow those structural costs to come back in. But I would say as we fly out of this thing, incremental margins should be better for us.

China recovery is going to be more of a V shape. And you can just quickly see, I think it's going to be sharper for Lal, a little bit more flattened for Bob. And the reason for it is Lal's businesses -- I mean from a nationalistic approach, China is investing in things that will help them as a country, be it the medical area, be it the power area, be it the other different energy areas, given the fact they're building tank farms to buy $10 price of oil.
I mean China is -- for Lal's business is going to staff much faster. Now I don't think the rest of the world, if you just -- I'll talk Lal's business first. I don't think the rest of this world will snap this way. China had a little bit different agenda from the standpoint of how they control the economy. I think the other economies will have a slower comeback from the standpoint of how they open up.
We just look at our measured opening that we're going to have inside the United States. I see the same thing happened in the middle of Asia -- in the Middle East, not Asia, South and Middle East and also in Europe. So I -- what we're mapped out here, Andrew, is a different -- a slower recovery within the markets outside of China. I also see that -- look at Latin America. I think Latin America is going to struggle under political leadership and also the financial wherewithal is not that good.
Now on Bob's business, clearly, historically, Bob's business, he's coming back quite strongly in Asia -- or China and Asia, not snapping as Lal's because money is being more allocated to where they want to put the money but still can be a pretty strong recovery. And I don't -- we don't see that type of recovery in the other markets. So we see more of a flattened slow recovery.
Now the one thing that Bob has historically is he has snapped, as he has a chart, he shows historically, maybe by the third or fourth quarter of next year, he could see things accelerate. And it goes back to the distribution channel, which are liquidating because of the financial wherewithal of that channel. And then also, they see some strengthening, they can staff. He actually historically has a stronger snap. And so we've not factored in any snaps other than in China because it's just -- I don't see the other markets behaving like China at this point in time, Andrew.

Lal, do you want to add anything?

Well, nationalism has been calling on now, it started back about 5 or 6 years ago. So that's nothing new. It's obviously just escalated a little bit higher, but it's been going on for some time. I firmly believe based on what we're seeing in our customer base in both the chemical industry, what we see in, obviously, the food and beverage, the hybrid, the medical industries, we're seeing a push to try to rebalance some of these -- the supply chains and also where they make stuff.
The fact that Honeywell is opening a mask plant in Rhode Island, a mask plant in Arizona, the fact that we're seeing some first vaccine production that we're working on right now and going after is going to be in the United States. I think legislation has to be changed to protect the medical and pharmaceutical industry and the vaccine industry. But I think you're going to see that.
I think clearly, the negative side of that will be companies like Emerson or the multinationals that we serve, the global industries, we're going to have to work that issue. But it's not going to just be in the U.S. I think Western Europe will be the same way, Andrew. I think you're going to see Western Europe, be it the French, the German, the Italians, the Spanish, the Belgians, they're going to look at what happened and what they could depend on, be it the Asians or be it Americans. And they're going to say, "Okay. We need to redo some stuff here."
So I think this is going to happen globally over the next 2 or 3 years. And I think the good, solid global industrial companies, which you guys all know about and you -- many of you follow, I think, will benefit from this. I think the guys are -- the companies are still going through massive changes, are going to -- struggling, but I -- there's going to be pluses and minuses. In the end, I think I'd put a plus on our side. I do have a couple of negatives, as you point out, and we'll have to manage those accordingly.

Yes. The answer is yes. And so what is -- what we're going through right now is the first wave we, obviously, hit was the China wave. And as we looked at the China impact at the end of January and early February, we're looking, obviously, what's happening to us right now as we look at the India, Malaysia, Mexico, U.S., what we have is a very good enterprise risk strategy driven by the businesses, and so evaluated through our audit side and through the Audit Committee. Under Lisa Flavin and the Audit Committee, we will go through this process most likely. I asked the Audit Committee yesterday to -- we're going to wait a little longer, probably be more like August this year. I want things to stabilize, but we're going to look at things like how did our supply network do from a financial crisis standpoint? Do they have the money? Did we have to help them? Which ones were able to keep up with us as we ramped up and down?
So I think that from -- as we look at it right now, Josh, we're not going to make any fundamental changes. We -- as you know, our strategy is we have multiple suppliers, but the big issue for the first time we're seeing not just 1 or 2 countries closing down, we have 3 countries closing down. And so what we're going to have to do here is evaluate this from an economic standpoint and an enterprise risk standpoint is looking at this model now and say, "Okay. Do we have to have 4?" So those are things that we will do. Nothing right now. I mean I'm more interested in stabilizing and then recovering. But we do know what happened to it, and I guarantee there will be changes as we leave this year on a calendar year basis and as we move into 2021 on a calendar year basis.
So I think it's a little too early to react. We've been able to overcome it. And in the meantime, I do know we'll make some changes as we go forward here in '20, late '20 and early '21.

Josh, this one's a lot faster. And the reason -- this one's a lot faster. I mean is it 100%? No, but it's a lot higher percent than you think. And the reason for it goes back to what Frank covered is the liquidity financial crisis.
So they really had to jump on this thing very early on in February and March. Now will there be some changes? The answer is yes. But I think that you missed -- you don't represent them well then if you don't think that these guys have made some fundamental changes. We're living it daily. Like the OC -- we get together at 2:00 every day, the OC downstairs, the big board room, and we're spread out. And we -- both of us, both Lal and Bob, we're talking from a customer's input. So these guys are moving much faster.
So maybe the last pieces will be finalized as they would finish out this reporting this quarter. But if I look at our customer base from a financial standpoint, they had to take actions very, very quickly, both from internally, cash flow generation, and then also what we're looking at from a financial market standpoint. So this one is a little bit faster pace. And hence, being together allowed us to make some adjustments much faster. But I would say these guys are further down that pipe than you think. And probably this quarter, we'll finalize it. 
Bob, anything you want to add on that?

Yes. So I think -- don't underestimate this. It's happened pretty quickly.

So we do have the numbers here, let's work this number and work [ it for him ]. But we basically -- what we showed the Board last week, Steve, is the second half quarter-by-quarter and then also what we showed them is the first half next year. 
So Lal, what do you have queued up for savings built into this at this point of time?

So incrementally, it'd be about $140 million something. And then what are you -- what's your running out -- what did you tell the Board going into the first half of next year? You're going to clearly estimate the...

So the big savings for Lal is going to be in the second half and then will go into the first quarter next year.

What did you tell the Board spend on '21?

$83 million.

$83 million. So we've accelerated some stuff in, and therefore, $83 million. You'll have -- they'll still have some savings. I don't know if it's going to be dollar-for-dollar because there's going to be some longer-term ones, but it will still have some carryover. So he'll probably have another $80 million for the whole year next year.

Yes. You'll get dollar-for-dollar savings over -- pretty quickly on that.

So the key is, Steve, I think we'll still have savings coming into the first half of next year, but ones we will have to offset in the first half of the year will be things like the salary cuts because we will institute that. So that -- those numbers will have to come back. That's to the tune of around $6.5 million for second half, so $3.5 million per quarter. The salary planning numbers will hit us all for next year or 2 because that will roll back out. So...

Yes. The key thing is trying to bridge as much of the cost right now, and then our real cost savings will flow in as we finish this year. But I like the pace right now. I look at what's going on with the decremental and the inefficient plants and the savings are flowing through pretty nicely.

30 -- yes, we had a 35 number for last year. I think they are bigger numbers now, Steve, because what's happened is we've done a lot more short-term numbers. And I think that the numbers that we shared with you in February are very similar to this. But they're obviously higher now because we have more savings, and we're trying to accelerate.
So the costs are going up, but the savings are going up at the same time. We'll have probably more carryover because we're doing more action right now. I mean the issue is we're living in a period right now that we have to figure out how to drive our cost down, and that's where we are at this point. So the numbers are bigger than I talked about earlier, but it's always hard to tie back to other things I've said over the phone. But then I think you just...

100% correct, Steve. I think that -- right now, we started -- I mean the team started working extremely hard about March 10. And we started taking -- okay, guys, we've got something coming at us here. And so what you're seeing right now is this wave is hitting us a lot harder as we saw around the world. So we've taken actions and we fundamentally believe will stabilize by the time we get into June. Business will still be down, but our cost actions are happening, and that allow us -- as the volume stabilizes a little bit in, obviously, a lot lower level, our savings will start flowing through. That's why we have that from stepping up.
The other thing I'd make a comment, you -- I think you well know is that we've always had a variable performance share program going back since early '70s. In the chart that we showed on Chart 8, when we showed the first quarter, we got hit very hard by $0.10 because the stock price is going up, on Chart 8 of the first quarter report in February. This quarter, what's happened is, obviously, with the stock dropping dramatically, a lot of wealth has been locked off of our shareholder base, including people like me and Frank and Bob and Lal. But the variable plan, obviously, is a lot lower cost. So therefore, we've got a benefit this quarter. We're assuming our stock price will stabilize and start coming back up, so we're factoring a little bit of recovery so we'll have a negative number based on right now in the second half of the year. We've always had a variable plan, and we mark to market, as you well know and you've pointed out to me over the times.

Yes, yes. You well know. Yes, yes.

I mean I think that what we see right now is that the business leaders, a lot of political leaders are starting to realize the tax revenue shortfall, the cost of this, of shutting down the economy, is enormous. And they're starting to see -- you're starting to see it here in this town. The medical professionals are having to lay people off and to cut costs because all the businesses disappeared, revenue and other than just the crisis around coronavirus and the same thing in the business world. So I think that we're all fighting to save our lives as the companies and institutions, a lot will not make it. So from my perspective, the push forward is trying to get the economy open and get business open. We can do this safely. We've learned a lot from how this isolation and how we go about this and how we work together, both from a company standpoint and the geopolitical standpoint. I've watched politicians and business leaders, business leaders with business leaders, there's been a lot more collaboration than the press would ever, ever, ever talk about.
And so what I see right now, to be honest, Rob, I think you're going to see the next 2 quarters are going to be pretty tough for America. There's a lot of things that have been stopped and slowed down. There's a lot of concern even in our workforce of coming back to work and being exposed to this because people look at this as like it's a killing zone if you leave your house. And so I think that -- so what we're factoring in the U.S. right now is a very, very weak third and fourth quarter. We're not looking for much recovery here. And I think that we're going to see the recovery happening internationally first. And I think that's what we're starting to see already in the month of April. So I think you're going to see a very gradual get back to work. I think it -- hopefully, we'll start seeing some travel come back in. Thank God we're not in the travel industry. I don't know how they're going to recover here for a while. But this is going to be a very slow recovery. And the money is being put out there, but in reality is, so much wealth and so much economic wealth has been lost that there's not enough money in Washington to flood this world to bring it back. So we've just got to get people back to work, making things and generating, and that's going to take a long time. And that's how we're factoring into. We're not factoring much of an economic impact in North America at all.
What do you see, Bob?

Yes. I mean you look at over 3 -- 30 million unemployed people in the United States, let alone the people [ inclining ], and let alone the people that are [ very ] holed up in their homes right now that don't want to come out. So I think this is going to be quite dramatic. It's going to take some time. It's not going to be like the China. I think Europe and those guys will probably fall off sooner, and it's going to be a tough one.
Lal, anything else you want to add?

Okay. Anything else, Rob?

Yes.

The big issue -- I mean the -- everything we can work around, the right equipment, the right spacing, the right environment, the right [ cleanses ], having -- cleaning your hands before you go into the facility, be clean, everything else, staggering the workforce, heat, temperature. With this virus, a little bit different in temperature. You could have the virus for several days before your temperature starts moving. The big issue that we've all talked to the President about and he knows this from a business standpoint, is we're going to have to have, what I call, quick-testing facilities. We're going to go back assuming -- I mean I'm hearing more and more words. I heard it yesterday out of Washington. They are coming along with quick testing to allow us to have a much faster impact. So if we have someone come sick in the facility, we can test him or her, find out if they are really sick. And if they are sick, isolate them and quickly isolate people around them and then cleanse and then get back to work.
So we're going to be in this game here, I think, for the rest of this year. The vaccine thing, you -- we can't wait for a vaccine. There won't be any business left if we wait for a vaccine. We've got to have the testing ability to find out who's had it, who's got it right now. And I think that's the big push, both in Washington and the medical community because they know from business we need that. We can do everything around that, except that. And so the quicker that we get that and I know they know that, and that's why I heard yesterday, they're ramping up the millions upon millions of that testing, that quick testing. And that's going to -- obviously, we'll benefit from that because that's going to come from the pharmaceutical industry, the drug industry. But in the meantime, Rob, we're going to do everything around that, and we -- that quick testing thing's got to come. It's got to come to give confidence to the workers. In the meantime, we're going to do everything we can to keep things safe. And that's where we are right now.
But we, as a company, I think the number is under 40 people globally have had tested. Lal's on this meeting that meets every morning. 40 people are tested. We've unfortunately had 1 individual, part-time worker in England who passed away, a guy. It was a very unfortunate situation. We've -- our isolation has really dropped off right now. The new cases have really dropped off. But safety is a paramount to what we're doing, and we've got our top, top people on this thing. And they're countering people like me who was -- from my standpoint, you charge forward, you're out there and you're dealing with issues. I mean I'm the type of guy that would lead in World War II, if you got that impression. So that's where we are. 
I'm going to take one more question from a sell-side -- or two -- one more sell-side analyst, and then we're going to lock it down.

It's -- our order pattern right now is below negative 15%. So we're tracking below that at this point in time on Bob's business. Lal's business is probably a little bit better than that. Lal has got some backlog. So when we look at that 14%, we go plus or minus 1.5%, most likely it's going to be around 14%, 15%. The key thing that we'll come out with, we will come out with the orders in April and May. We'll get that out for everybody, Joe. But right now, the trend line is dropping quite rapidly. But we're starting to see some stabilization in our international markets, including Europe.
So the key issue, the big wildcard for us right now of substance is the U.S., going back to my comments with Rob. This is still in a free fall. And the question will be is how do we stabilize this from a business standpoint in the near term. So I think that I feel very comfortable even today, as I talked to the Audit Committee yesterday morning, this 14%, 15% negative third quarter is well in tune. And I expect our orders when we come back in, we'll see that our orders are probably around that 14%, 15% in the month of April.

I think that from my perspective, as I said earlier, Joe, it's -- people would like to make that early -- same comparison, it's not going to happen the same way. China is a controlled society. They worked extremely hard. They shut it down hard. It seems somehow the sickness was only in a couple of regions. And they came in structurally. What we learned in China from our facilities, obviously, we're using from a safety standpoint, other facilities around the world. So I think the China structure is completely different. It will help us, obviously. But what we're looking at here is the U.S. is a completely different cycle; and Europe, a completely different cycle. It's in a different world. So we're looking at the U.S. as far more negative, far more muted and much more, I would say, a U-shape type of a structure. It's -- we're going to stay down longer and then gradually come back out of it in the second half of '21.
We do not see a quick snapback at this point in time in the U.S. Now if there's somehow that everyone got back to work right away, we got the testing that we needed, maybe the fourth -- the third calendar quarter, we could start seeing stuff. But I think that's going to be more in the fourth quarter this year. So I'm very negative on the U.S. growth model, and I'll let Lal and Bob talk about this, but that's how we see it right now. We're structuring a completely different cycle for each of the world areas based on historical norms and based on what we're seeing from our customer base right now.
So Lal, over to you...

So why don't you give a couple of colors? You got some colors in North America.

We'll never give this much information again. You have to rip my tongue out there if we give this much information.

[ P7 ] for him is April for work on period.

And Europe, we're getting a lot of medical bookings because that's a lot...

So Joe, it's going to be -- I think it's going to be an international market and so that's what we see right now. I think the companies that are very international will have that benefit. 
Bob, you want to add anything to that? Anything, Bob, you want to add?

Yes. We need the testing and the medical support to happen. And I think that's what business people will tell you.
Well, I want to thank everybody for the calls, and I appreciate everyone calling and listening. I know it's a lot of material, I apologize, but I thought it was important for everyone to have that input. And looking forward, I know Pete will be very busy in the phone in the follow-up here for the day, but I appreciate everyone. And I hope -- hopefully, we'll be able to see everybody. 
And unlike the famous doctor that works for Donald Trump, I intend to shake hands and hug people at some point in time before I die. And so I'm a handshaker, and I don't believe that the handshake will disappear. I mean if we're all going to be that worried, you might as well jump the water right now.
But I look forward to seeing everybody, and I look forward to seeing what unfolds here in the coming months. But rest assured, Emerson's at business, Emerson is working, and Emerson is working extremely hard to make sure that we can take advantage and solve everything that needs to be solved here in the coming months. Thank you.