Thanks, David. Sorry. It's been an emotional time for a lot of us, Dave, and your words are very special. I'm very proud of the team and what the team has accomplished in the quarter. It's a phenomenal execution of a plan that we laid out for our investors last February that we committed to do, and we're now seeing it reflected in the P&L of the company. We're generating some of our own tailwinds, which I'll talk to you about, and the market is starting to recover broadly across many geographies as well, which is highly encouraging. 
This Page 22, nothing really changed appreciably in our orders as we went through the summer months. However, as we got into the late fall, we started to see an increase in activity, particularly driven by Europe and Asia. 
I'll flip to the next chart and give you some perspectives on how we see the outlook right now. The industries that drove growth dramatically were the discrete industries driven by Germany, specifically, which had turned its economic engine on and started to accelerate both in the process space for internal consumption and then its vast export market engine. So we started to see that improve in automotive and semiconductor packaging OEMs as well as broad activity across Europe around power and the specialty chemicals segment. 
In Asia, driven by China, Steve highlighted growth of 6%. We feel very good about what we've seen there and expect that growth to accelerate into Q2 as we'll talk about in a moment. 
But the big elephant in the room is North America. And what we experienced in North America was a stabilization of the oil and gas markets, albeit at lower levels but a forecastable level of business. What the business -- what has driven the business in -- on the continent has been power generation, mining in the Southern Cone and life sciences throughout, which has been a great story for us. As a result of that, we are seeing a recovery and expect to see sequential improvement in order pacing and sales pacing in the second quarter and in the second half of the year as indicated back on Chart 22. 
Let me turn then to Chart 24, and we'll give a perspective of how we see the world areas first half to second half. And across most of the world, and I can pick out 1 or 2 pockets here, we will see that improvement reflected in the environment. That discrete energy -- that discrete momentum that we've built in Europe and Asia will begin in the Americas, in North America, particularly. And we've seen, as David noted, early signs of distribution-based business recovery as we navigated through December into January. So that's very encouraging to see. 
I was in Odessa, Texas a few weeks ago. I saw -- I met with teams and talked about the plans for 3.8 million barrels a day production for the year, which is a stable level from where it was a year ago. So we'll see maintenance of that, increased drilling to maintain those levels in those fields. So some encouragement there. But obviously, demand will ultimately drive those -- that market. 
In Europe, I've talked about it's really been a German story. Our discrete business is up over 30%. Our process business is up over 10% in Germany alone. And that -- and then there's increased momentum throughout the continent, very pleased with the positive first quarter, and we expect that to continue. 
And in Asia, the China bounce back was important. That was discrete-driven and process-driven as well. And we feel very good about the funnel of activity that we see as we look out right now. So I feel much better than I did in October, David and team. But -- and I look forward to a much better outlook in executing in a much better environment as we go forward.

Well, I feel even better because I've got Jamie. Jamie's rolling.

Thank you, Jamie.

Absolutely. We're well on path, Andy, to deliver that peak margin plan in 2023. We want to stay that course. If we do get that tailwind, we have investments that we will need to make in this business. This is a technology business that's built around phenomenal products that differentiate us in the marketplace and allow those participation gains that we always have enjoyed and benefited from. So we will invest back in the business, and we'll stay measured. But I think we have opportunities, obviously, and we are in a phenomenal momentum right now in terms of margin execution.

That's right.

Thank you.

I surely appreciate the question, and I was waiting to hear who is the first one to ask. So congrats on that. 
There are a lot of things that I've thought about that I need to internalize and discuss with the team. Allow me a little bit of time. I'd like to really focus today on what's been just a phenomenal quarter for us for our organization and the guidance that we've put out for the year. 
The 16th of February will be shortly upon us. You'll hear our voices. You'll hear some of our thoughts. And if you allow me that, I truly appreciate it.

Yes. We're watching -- sorry, Steve.

Yes, just very quickly. We're watching our later-cycle businesses very carefully. Those will lag Final Control, which as they are the project-based businesses, which had [ good and lag ] coming into the down cycle. So Ram was still experiencing solid growth at this point last year and having weakened. And so we'll see him come in a little bit later. So that's going against us as well.

The Board plan, I can tell you what that is. It's around $180 million in sales.

We have a real shot.

Yes. So we booked nearly $95 million in the first quarter.

No SPAC bubbles.

Thank you. Thank you, Andrew.

Yes. And you're right, Andrew. This is thematical for us in what we'll talk about in the February meeting. And we're very excited to share that with the investors and talk about the opportunities we have as Emerson.

Now so the dimensions that we'll speak about are within Emerson, the greening of Emerson. It's the greening by Emerson as we aid our customers around various elements. And Andrew, you and I have spoken about decarbonization and energy efficiency and emissions management. And it's the greening with Emerson. So it's a partnering around solutions and organizations around the world. 
We have -- we are in a unique position as an automation and as a commercial residential business to really fulfill what is a global demand and a global need here. So I'm pretty excited about where we sit. 
It's a growing business. There are various facets to it. We'll try to walk you guys through it. But over the last really 2 years, David, we've had a number of individuals around the world working there specifically. So I'm excited to share that with you on the 16th as is Jamie.

Yes. We continue to see in that high single-digit range, Andrew, as we spoke about, I think, in the past. That seems to be consistent through Q1 and what we expect for the year. And again, we -- it's driven by a lot of work in life sciences. There's opportunities in the electrification grid you talked about but in core discrete and process as well.

Thanks, Andrew.

Thank you, Jeff.

Thanks, John.

No change to channel, no change there to reporting just from that perspective...

Thank you, Gautam.

Gautam, I think your assumption is right. We should not expect the KOB1 activity for the next 12 to 18 months. I don't foresee that. More significant, KOB2; and obviously, what we've been living on, KOB3, certainly. What I will tell you is that snapback is fully dependent on what happens in North America.

Period. End of story. And that's really the -- that will measure the dimension of how it quickly comes back, how hard that snapback is.

Thank you.

Yes, I'll give you a quick color. The funnel sits at about $6.5 billion. It really appreciably has not changed for the last 3 months. What happened within that funnel, there were a number of cancellations, but they were replaced by a high number of smaller jobs. So quicker paybacks, those types of things. 
In addition to that, what's been interesting is we now have about a $1.6 billion electrification project funnel, which OSI brought to us. So that's in addition to the $6.4 billion KOB1 funnel that we've been talking about traditionally. We'll talk about this a little bit more in detail in a few weeks. But overall, feel that those projects are going to eventually move forward. It's just a matter of time here around demand.

Yes, just one more thing. To your point, David, you're exactly right. If your project was a "bottom of the barrel" type of refinery project, that got scrapped. If your project is a conversion to a biofuel refinery, those projects are moving forward. There are many active in the United States and Europe, and we're very engaged in those processes.