Thank you, Colleen. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. Allow me to begin by saying that I'm very proud of Emerson's global team for the results delivered in 2022. Thank you. We had a strong finish to the results in 2022, with underlying sales growth of 9%, operational leverage of 36%, an adjusted EPS of $5.25, representing a 16% increase over prior year. 
As we will discuss during today's call, most importantly, we have a strong outlook for 2023, supported by end market growth and excellent operational execution. Shortly after becoming CEO in February of 2021, we embarked on an ambitious journey to accelerate value creation for Emerson shareholders. This required a bold transformational agenda, inclusive of culture, portfolio and execution. Alongside our Board of Directors, we underwent a comprehensive assessment of Emerson's portfolio and identified potential new market segments for investment. We designed the path forward based on a vision to create a pure-play automation company. Today, we achieved a significant milestone in this portfolio transformation by announcing the sale of a majority interest of the Climate Technologies business to Blackstone. Emerson, going forward, will be a unique automation company with a cohesive higher-growth portfolio exposed to diverse end markets and aligned to the world's secular trends, including digital transformation, sustainability, energy security and near-shoring. We have ample room to invest both organically and through disciplined capital deployment in M&A to build automation capabilities along our technology stack, which is industry-leading and is composed of intelligent devices, control and software, serving leading customers in process, hybrid and discrete industries. 
We will do this while maintaining our commitment to return cash to our shareholders through share repurchase and the dividend. In 2023, we enter our 67th consecutive year of increased dividends per share. I'm excited and cannot think of a better time during my 27 years at Emerson to be optimistic about our future. To provide more details on our results, I'll now turn the call over to Frank.

Thank you, Frank. Please join me on Slide 9. Our portfolio journey has been guided by a clear road map to transform Emerson into a pure-play automation company. And today marks a significant and definitive step on that journey. Our announcement to divest the majority interest in Climate Technologies to Blackstone is a milestone transaction for Emerson with compelling financial benefits. Emerson will monetize the majority of our Climate Technologies business and an attractive valuation of 12.7x 2022 EBITDA, providing approximately $9.5 billion of upfront pretax cash proceeds to invest in growth.
The transaction structure also enables additional cash proceeds from the future exit of our noncontrolling ownership. With the exit of Climate Technologies, we are creating a company with a cohesive portfolio, higher growth and profitability. Our leading technology and software will be positioned to capture secular growth trends in digital transformation, sustainability, decarbonization and near-shoring. The proceeds from the divestiture will focus on strategic automation acquisitions that will strengthen our business and diversify our end market exposure and to return capital to shareholders. We are excited about the long-term value creation opportunity this transaction unlocks, which we will have -- we will spend time discussing in a moment. Before that, I'll have Frank go over the details of the transaction and timing.

Thank you, Frank. Please turn to Slide 11. Climate Technologies is a leading $5 billion global manufacturer of HVACR compression products related solutions and controls. The business has leading positions in its segments and upside potential, but is not aligned with our strategic vision for Emerson as a cohesive automation portfolio serving higher growth markets. Blackstone has a strong track record of growing businesses, and we are confident Climate Technologies will continue to thrive under their ownership. Please turn to Slide 12. Today's announcement is certainly our largest step, as I mentioned previously, but there were many others along the way. The work required creativity. And I am proud of what we have achieved in a very short time. We've invested approximately $9 billion in intelligent automation technology and software. 
This includes our recent acquisitions of Fluxa and Mita-Teknik and our 55% ownership of AspenTech and its announced acquisition of Micromine. These companies accelerate Emerson's growth profile, profitability and end market diversification into areas like renewable power, life sciences and metals and mining. We've also realized approximately $18 billion in gross proceeds from divesting noncore and slower growth assets at attractive valuations, like Climate Technologies, InSinkErator and Therm-O-Disc. Turning to Slide 13. This transformation positions Emerson as a $14 billion automation leader with an attractive growth profile, diverse end markets and leading technology. Emerson has the most complete portfolio of intelligent devices, control systems and software in the industry. This includes 13% of our sales from software inclusive of AspenTech, representing a leading percentage among industrial peers. These differentiated solutions and our expertise help customers solve their most complex challenges, including optimizing operations, protecting personnel, reducing emissions and achieving sustainability goals. Emerson is able to do this across a broad and diverse set of end markets within process hybrid and discrete and on a global scale.
Turning to Slide 14. These end markets are experiencing key secular growth trends, as I mentioned earlier, and these are aligned with many of the world's most pressing challenges. First, through digital transformation programs, customers are spending more on sensing and data, software, digital twins and other intelligent solutions to gain more visibility into their operations. As we discussed during our AspenTech transaction announcement, we continue to see our customer share of wallet shift towards software and digital solutions. Next, as the world pushes to net zero, sustainability and decarbonization investments are growing at a rapid pace. This includes the decarbonization of existing infrastructure through optimization, energy efficiency and emission reductions projects. It also includes the introduction of new energy sources like clean fuels and hydrogen. Lastly, near-shoring trends around the world have widespread effects on many industries. Underpinning each of these secular growth drivers is the need for increased automation, creating an incremental prolonged investment period for the solutions that Emerson provides. We look forward to discussing these organic growth programs at our investor conference in November. I'll now turn the call back over to Frank for more details on Emerson moving forward.

Thank you, Frank. We hope you share our excitement about the future of Emerson, and the tremendous value creation opportunities ahead. The Climate Technologies transaction marks the biggest step in our portfolio transformation to a cohesive high-growth company. The $9.5 billion upfront cash proceeds from the transaction provides financial optionality as we look to strategically build out our leading automation portfolio. We are a great company and we will never rest on trying to be better. I'm excited about the future of Emerson. We look forward to speaking with all of you again at our investor conference in November, where we will share more about our ongoing value creation strategy. Thank you for joining us today.

Yes. I know, Andy, certainly, obviously, the $2 billion share repurchase is very important. But equally important is our discipline that we put in place around M&A. The work that I described alongside our Board to identify 4 priority industry segments is very important. We'll go into a lot of detail when we meet in November at investor conference on each of those 4 segments. But I will say that work continues -- is underway -- as we speak in potential activity in these segments. So we'll -- what I can tell you about each and every one of those is they're consistent with the automation stack. They are consistent with our perspective that we need a higher growth and end market diversification within our business. And I think we'll have a good discussion about that when we meet.

Thanks, Andrew. Obviously, I know you want me to start listing names of the companies. I can't do that.

As I've said, Andy. So a couple of things. Number one, clearly, we're looking for sizable opportunities in large markets. There has to be relative strength in market position for it to be relevant and impactful to the Emerson shareholder. We're looking for exposure in higher growth. We're looking for profitability and differentiated technology. And we certainly are going to be very diligent on the alignment to the technology stack and automation solutions. So those are the guiding principles. And I will tell you, the funnel is robust. It's very active. And our team in M&A led by Ram and Vincent Servello is doing a great job with it.

Thank you, Steve.

No, I think it's very active, Josh. The activity, particularly in Louisiana, Texas and Mexico is incredibly robust. The number of projects that have been engineered and are going through funding and we're very engaged in through engineering contractor such as [ Bechtel ] are significant. And they're vastly in response to the energy security of Europe. And so we're pretty excited about what we're seeing right now.

So I'll take Parts B and C, and I'll turn it to Frank for the first part of your question, Nigel. So on AspenTech, we are in a 2-year standstill which we announced at the time of that transaction. So from that perspective, we are going to continue to operate under the current ownership structure that we have, which we feel very comfortable with how that's working. Secondly, in terms of future automation investments and M&A, it's consistent across the stack. We'll continue to look at intelligent devices. We'll probe around the control system area. And then obviously, you're absolutely right. There are opportunities around software as that market continues to move aggressively. Those investments will occur predominantly within the AspenTech structure. But we look across the entire stack with an eye towards growth and diversification. Frank?

Yes, we did rebrand the tools business as safety productivity. So you have that right. It is, as you know, what we're talking about here is a technology-driven industrial and commercial application business at this point. So that's the way to think about it. There's a significant safety element around it and leverage within Automation Solutions, be it voltage detection, gas detection, which we do across that entire platform. 
Having said that, as you think broadly about the portfolio, we have accomplished a lot in a short amount of time. Our belief and our board's belief was that Climate was the most significant move to unlock the potential. But look, portfolio management will continue to be active for -- across this company. And -- but we're very excited about the progress that we've made to date.

Thank you, John.

No. Look, these deals take time. Things take time to consummate. We're always working and building relationships and thinking about markets and studying markets. So it's an ongoing process for us. And whether it comes well aligned with close prior or shortly after there may be some activity, but I can't predict timing to be honest with you.

No, I think Ram had voiced this correctly earlier. We expect somewhere around 2 to 3 points of price, the remainder of this coming from volume and then that mid- to high 30s on the leverage. That's a significant move up from our historical guidance, which has been at 30% on that operating leverage, and we feel comfortable with this new portfolio to guide significantly higher.

No, great question. Thank you. In terms of nearshoring, I think you mentioned 2 very important ones, battery manufacturing and semiconductor. But the third that I would ask you to consider it will be life sciences, particularly around drug reshoring personalized medicine. We're seeing significant investments, not just in the United States, but in Europe, that development and manufacturing comes in from Asia. In terms of the macro environment, I think the one caution I would express is Europe, and that is really around energy costs in Europe and the challenges, particularly to energy-intensive industries such as discrete or in the chemical industry as examples.

Yes. No, good question. Yes, comps have gotten more challenging, clearly, but we have tremendous momentum in the business in terms of orders as we go into the year, particularly in North America. And that's really the big driver, which gives us even more confidence, Nicole to guide aggressively as we go into 2023. The North America growth is driven by energy investments that I talked about earlier, particularly LNG is driven by sustainability in new energy sources, conversions, refineries into clean fuels, new hydrogen investments, and overall decarbonization work that's been done across multiple industries on the continent. And then secondly, the second category would be the near-shoring industries we just mentioned, semiconductor investments, life science investments, battery EV investments drive a significant amount of that growth.