Thank you very much, Tim. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I truly appreciate it. 
As we look at what's happened in the second quarter and what's going on as we've seen in the second half, we really want to make sure everyone understands what we've seen and where we're going to go. 
Clearly, the cycle is still intact. We feel very strong about the cycle. But as I've said in February and I've said a couple of times as I've had investor meetings throughout the last several months, the tapping of the brakes is truly happening in many of our marketplaces. We can feel it. However, we've had to adjust to deal with that. 
As I look at the capital spending of our customers, it's still intact. We've been checking everyone's reported from a quarter standpoint and their capital allocation standpoint for the year and our discussions with the customers. They still have the capital program set in place, how they spend it, timing, these things are moving, but they still feel very strongly about this cycle and I feel good about this cycle. Both Bob and Lal will comment on this as they go through their presentation but thankfully, we want to give you some insights about the Q2 and also what we see in the second half. 
Before we talk a little bit more, I do want to thank the global Emerson team. They worked hard through this quarter as we've seen in the quarter unfold, the shifting of the demand, the shifting of the sales and the actions necessary to deliver what we could deliver from a sales and profitability and cash flow. 
It wasn't what we expected when I sat here on the phone in February and we talked in New York in February. Clearly, as Tim recognized, the U.S. was an area that we saw the weakness, in particular around Lal's business, which he'll give you some insights, but around the short-term oil and gas and also around the distribution. 
Clearly, we underestimated the impact of distribution pipe being filled with price actions that unfolded in late 2018 from us and from other people as we dealt with the tariffs and we've dealt with the material inflation. Clearly, people decided to put the inventory in place, the voice on the pricing and then now having to work that off. The timing of that work off is -- still has to be -- still has to unfold, we firmly believe there will be more closely aligned in early -- our early fourth quarter or the early third quarter of the calendar year. In particular around Lal's business. I'll let Lal talk about that. 
And Bob's business, we talked -- incrementally margins were key for Bob, and he delivered that. And he delivered over 40% incrementally. The big issue we miss, and Bob will talk about that, really was around the Southeast Asia business, [ leaving ] Southeast Asia and the Middle East business. Yes, China was down. But I think we had that pretty well intact and really shaping, and Bob will talk further about that. 
But there are pocket of areas that we cannot overcome and pockets of areas that we missed. But the tapping clearly happened. We still feel that as we go through this third quarter, there is clearly, as I would say, we're going through 2 big mountains. And we're going through a gap right now and I still feel good about how we've come out of that gap. And that's why we give you very specific forecasts around the quarters as we see this mapping out. We spent a lot of time -- I brought the teams in, both from the OCE and then also Lal's team and Bob's team at the highest level, and we sat down and we spent many, many hours several times, what's going on? What do we need to know? What do we need to do adjusting and what do we have to do? 
We've also taken actions, both Lal and Bob's business taken actions to ensure we deliver the profitability with the uncertainty in case business does not come back for the second half. How do we deliver that profit margins? 
And in addition, we've also increased our, what I would call, restructuring charges. We're going to go after areas that we feel that we can integrate faster and with a slowdown and the decision and focus on the most profitably. Both Lal and Bob continue to look at areas and Lal particularly has already accelerated some areas and it's a lot around acquisitions we've made in recent years. 
A couple of callouts, I want to call out. And I want to from call the Final Control. Final Control had a very strong second quarter, both in sales, profitability, bookings, cash flow. They've continued to outperform their key North America competitors. Also I'll make a special callout to my Latin America team, who I abused for a couple of years and for the second quarter, they've had double-digit over 10% plus growth, in fact more than 10% growth across their business. That's very good. And I guarantee these guys are focused very hard in delivering that for the whole year and it's very, very important. 
As I look at the cost actions that these guys are undertaking, Lal's business is still going to grow very strongly. He's still going to grow 5%, 6%, 7%. I see Bob's business coming back in the second half. But clearly, that 3% to 5% range was what we thought it will be the whole year but with the miss, in particular around international, it's clear that's not going to happen with the whole year. But we want to make sure we have our costs aligned as we leave in this year and as we move into that second -- in the first half of 2020. And I applaud the guys for taking these actions and even when you're growing, we got to take these actions and make sure we do the right things as we focus on what's right for the long-term cost structure of this company. 
From the cash flow, we had a good second quarter. I think our balance sheet -- and Frank would agree with that, the balance sheet, Frank talked about this at the Board today, we're in a very good shape with the balance sheet. I think our working capital, we got in line. After the first quarter it was a little bit high, but we got it back in line. And I feel very about the cash flow for the year. 
If the business slows down a little bit more, it's easier for us from a working capital standpoint, but obviously, we lose the earnings side of that. So I feel good about approximately $3.2 billion. I feel good about the free cash flow around $2.5 billion, which are very important to us as we look at the total company from a capital allocation standpoint. 
But as we look at that second half of the year, I think we have in focus right now what's going in the marketplace. I think we have a cost structure in place. I feel that we -- the organization globally is focused very hard on delivering the second half. We had a good start with April. And if you look at our order trend chart, we -- from the standpoint, Bob's business kicked back up a little bit in April. And it went positive on a 3-month roll. Lal's business, as we expected in April, dipped down a little bit further. We're still right in that range where we were in the March 3-month roll. We firmly believe that as we look at this forecast, we will be back in the 5% to 7% range on a 3-month roll as we leave June, and that's key. 
And from the standpoint of positioning ourselves for a stronger fourth quarter, a couple of things happened. Obviously, easier comparisons, but clearly, we see the pace of business picking back up. And that's what you're going to obviously watch as we look at the order trends and we communicate to you on the order trend charts. And that's what's so good about us doing this from that perspective. 
But I want to thank the organization out there. It was a quarter that unfolded a lot different than anyone thought. These guys reacted very quickly. As you know, I also referred to this, I have my hands in the reins right now. I've put the horse up a little bit. I've got the reins a little tighter and I think Bob and Lal are reacting, and his team are reacting to that, and we have made commitments to the Board. We've made commitments to our shareholders. And we are focused very hard in committing that second half to below the year we laid out. And I want to thank everybody for doing that. 
I'm going to turn it over to Bob to go first, and then Lal will follow and then we'll do a Q&A. But again, I want to thank everyone for joining us today and I look forward to the Q&A and talk about what's happening. So Bob, it's all yours.

Thank you very much, Lal. With that, I'd like to open the floor for Q&A and take some questions from the participants there.

Yes. From the standpoint, when we say I think most of the channel relative to the short-term products via discrete automation are Bob's business or -- and Lal's business relative to some -- for the small instrumentation that go through a channel. From my perspective, it built up late last year. As the market -- as our customer base slowed down in the short term, they had a certain burn rate, which did not -- has not happened yet. As we look at this model and talking to the channel, because we've spent a lot of time now talking to the channel, it looks to me like this burn rate will be done by the end of our, what I would say, our third quarter, which will be the second calendar quarter. So it's going to help us more in the fourth quarter. I mean if we do the projection, what we'd see from the standpoint of our order pace and the demand out there based on the inventories, it looks to me like it'll be more in our fourth quarter or the third calendar quarter, and that's how we've built this quarter out.
Clearly, a lot of assumptions relative to the business environment. But that's what it looks like and we've gone out and done a lot of channel checking to make sure we understand that, both from the tools standpoint or the consumer side and Lal's businesses, as he look at the, is there a distribution channel here. So that's how we see it right now, Joe. 
And by the way, I want to make a callout to you. Your report on the HVAC report was very good. I think you and your team did a good job there. It would have been nice if you'd to talk to us, but you did a very good job there. I do understand that market. I do understand that market a little bit, Joe. We're going to talk to you. I just had to take a shot. I had to take a shot, come on.

I'll answer first, I'll give you mine -- and then I'll let Lal. Joe, it's a big issue right now because that's where we are. Our backlog has been building on the project. The price of the projects haven't really changed or it hasn't been an increase or a decrease from the standpoint of a competition standard. It depends on what the project going after, is it Yokogawa or is it Honeywell, or is it Rockwell or is it the ABB. So from that perspective, it hasn't really changed. The projects I would say are starting to shift a month or 2 relative -- not to awarding, but to what I would say execution around the projects. And what we're seeing right now with the buildup of the backlog, we're going to start seeing some of the initial phases of projects these guys won late last year, early this year, and that will start coming through in that fourth quarter. 
So as Lal looks at his mix in the fourth quarter, he's banking on some of the short cycle stuff coming back. He's got some project work coming in that will [ not hurt his ] margins. But that's also why he's accelerated some of his cost actions because he sees that the growth wasn't there in the KOB 3 to cover this -- the initial phase here. So now he's got to get the cost structure right. 
So let me -- I think we're in good shape, but I'll let Lal comment on that. But that's the moving dynamic we have right now, ignoring the distribution side. How we play this out as we move forward. Lal, do you have anything you want to add?

Yes, I think Joe, one of the of the key things that Lal -- I want to callout Lal and his CFO, Dave Baker's done a great job with his team of trying to lay out -- as the sales unfold, the next 6 or next 2 quarters, how does that mix change? And I think they've got -- I think right now, I look at it and they've got it pretty well balanced. Now obviously, something can change in the assumption. But they've laid it all out and that's why the -- that's where the cost actions came from. I said, "We need a little coverage here and you need to get the costs out. In fact, you need to get a little bit more than extra out in case things don't come into distribution channel." 
So that's how we -- and I gave him a call -- a really special call, it's quick work on this because this is a midstream change for us. But that's Emerson, that's what we do.

No, at this point in time, Julian, we're not -- we still firmly believe you can get back to that 19% top arrange. I think, clearly, we have a -- getting back for a full year into that 16% or 17% range. I'm assuming you're talking about Automation Solutions here. That's going to be very key. At this point in time, we're looking at that. But if we see things not progressing as -- from a business standpoint and a mix standpoint, we can -- we have actions out there we can go after. But at this point in time, we still feel pretty good about that and we're going to go with the Board in June over the strategy at both -- over the next couple of years through 2021 for both businesses and the total company, and that will push us again to see what type of restructurings we need to have. But if we have to restructure to get the margin, we'll do it. So right now, I don't think we see fundamental change. We'll just do a little bit more this year because of the mix change and the slowdown to growth and we got ahead of spending.
And so acquisitions are no different. We knew acquisitions are coming. And so I think that right now, we feel good about it. But 3 or 4 months, we might change that course again.

Bob, do you want to comment on that?

So I think I -- as I look at it, my [indiscernible] is that organization session with them, Julian, and I like the progress that -- they're ahead of plan. I don't see other acquisitions in Bob's business right now in the near term. We were out looking, I don't see anything at this point in time. But he's got his team very highly focused and there are some unique growth opportunities within this business. So I feel good about that side.

And I would say that business is growing, better profitability. It's going to be...

The acquisitions we're looking at in Lal's business right now are very much -- we took one to the Board this morning. It's around software. And so another software acquisition. We've done a couple already this year, a solution. Nothing big. But again, these are coming in and adding some opportunities for us. But so far, the integration of the GE business is doing really well, and especially with our timing of the OCC and the [ PKS ], our own PLC, which has actually taken off and we're starting to utilize them across the board. So -- and Julian, I'm very pleased right now. The guys got their work cut out for them. Clearly, there's a downturn in Europe and the distribution discrete business, automotive was not a great timing for us. But we also step back and it gives us the chance to do things faster so they'll bounce back. And so I feel good about them right now from that perspective.

Well, we try to help you guys out just to make sure that you clearly understand Emerson. I understand it. I just want to make sure you guys understand it, so.

It's relevant. It's relevant. Last -- in February, that number was $750 million. Wasn't is $750 million? $800 million?

$800 million. It's up versus last year for sure. But that's a key number for us as we look at it because we know those bookings are coming at us and we know those bookings will either happen this quarter or next quarter. If that number keeps growing and stays steady, that's a good sign for us because that means the funnel is maturing and happening. So the reason we track that and share that with you is it tells us the confidence relative to our growth and opportunity for -- in the second half of the year in bookings and more importantly, for the first half of 2020 in sales. That's a relevant number for us, and that's why we track it and give it to you.

Go ahead, Steve.

Yes. And I mean it's possible you could have a 3 month roll with a couple of big bookings in a month, and you know how we look at the 3 month roll, so it's possible. But it's going to definitely move back up towards the 8%, 9% range. There are some big projects out there that are being worked on right now. They are definitely going to come. So yes. I mean our booking pace, we like where it is right now. So I think the opportunities are still there.

Right now, we're going to debate this. Because I still feel very good about it. Frank and I have been -- talked about that. It might come differently. There might be less acquisitions. There might be different capital allocation on it, Steve. But I still feel good about it because the cycle is still there for both -- for Lal's business, and Bob's business is starting to come back. So I still feel good about that, at this point in time. I'm not ready to come off that at this point at all. And Frank and I are debating that because we've got to in front of the Board next month and talk about the next 3 years, which includes, obviously, 2021. So I still feel good about it.

I'll take a shot. I think the one key issue at the lower end of the range is the channel. If the distribution channel does not come back and it takes it all the way into the end of fiscal year, they work off the inventory and that would cause that low range, and that would put a lot of pressure on us, clearly. That's the one area that we see right now. 
I would also say that it could be some of the projects that we have booked and won that we're building on right now, get pushed out a couple of months. So those are the 2 things, I would say that push us back out but it -- we've done a lot of work in this right now. We feel good about it, but we're going to push and shove around the world and make sure we stay within that range. Lal, anything you want to...

Okay. John?

Yes, the -- we'll try the best we can. We did not do that same initial launch out there. I tell you, it's been a lot of work to break it down that way. But if I look at it, definitely, refining. We see the petrochemical guys picking back -- spending back up. We now see the LNG products coming and being worked at this point in time. The early stages of some initially, they're brownfield expansion and the big projects will hit us more in 2020 and 2021. We're seeing a general pace of investments just from our companies. We see the power business, which had a very strong lull in the first half. The upgrades, their bookings have been better than the sales. And so therefore, we're looking at a better second half in the power area.
So we feel a little bit better pace of spending and just upgrading in the business we're seeing around the world. But that's about the only color we have at this point in time.

And we see the money starting to free up in the Middle East. And we're getting a lot of bookings as Lal said, but the question is now will they start spending it. And so I think that our initial feel right now that money seems to be freeing up, and that's why we feel a little bit more positive about it being a reasonable, better second half than the first half, Andrew.

Yes. I'll answer first and I'll let Bob -- the KOB 3 from our perspective, clearly, we've had a very solid run. It's still very good. We had a very good month again this month. I think the key issue for us is as this -- as they tap the brakes on spending in certain areas in particular in the U.S. and Canada, that's clearly hurt us from a profitability standpoint. Therefore, that's why Lal has taken the -- and his team are taking the [ unique ] cost actions right now, to assume okay guys, KOB 3 will not be as strong in the third quarter. We may have a weaker in the fourth quarter. So what does that mean relative? How do we protect our profitably, and improve our profitability in the second half if KOB 3 does not come back to a level we want? And therefore, that's why we're taking the cost actions right now. And if it does change as we move into the first half of next year, then we're going to go back to the question I think that Julian asked me -- asked us, we're going to have to actually take additional cost actions because that means that mix is changing. We don't believe the fundamental story that we've laid out, and the strategy we've laid out is changing. The fact that our Final Control business has been able to grow 10%, way above our competitors Final Control business in North America tells me that we are still gaining and I still feel good about that. 
But any quarter or 2 quarters, you can have that tapping, and that's what we're watching right now. And that's why I'm still watching it. I'm going to watch it very closely how Lal's business unfolds in this third quarter because if it doesn't come back a little bit, then he's got a lot of pressures coming at him in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of next year. 
So Lal, do you want to...

I think going back to the project pushout going back to this question you asked, Andrew, and then also going back to what Steve asked. If you -- when we put our orders out again, which we do from time to time, if you don't see a movement up towards a higher end of that 6% to 8% for Lal, that tells us that we're seeing a pushout of KOB 1. And therefore, that's going to be a concern for us. So watching the orders and our communication around that will tell you if it's unfolding or not unfolding. That's what we're going to be watching now. I think KOB 3 we have it pretty well set. KOB 1, now, and the timing of that's going to be important. And we'll watch it real hard.

Yes. From our perspective, I don't want to break out too much information from a competitive standpoint. But it's -- we were clearly running our investments at a, say, a 7%, 8%, 9% underlying order pace and, therefore, we've had to dial it back to be more in that 6% to 7% range. And I think that to your timing is, yes priorities from the standpoint, that will be -- push them back -- we'll push them out a little bit more into 2020. I would not say they'll go away. These are important programs. But we try not to get ahead of the growth curve, and we clearly have in the last 2 quarters here. As you look at the acceleration of the investments that Lal's team's done. And therefore, now what we're trying to do is bring it back into line. We're not going to kill them but it's just more of a timing of how this goes.
On the restructuring side, that's a little bit different. That just goes back to, okay, we know the cost structure needs to be -- we're going to redo -- need to do this restructuring. We were talking about doing it in 2020. We now feel like we need to get ahead of this, and that's why we pulled up about $10 million, both in Bob's business and Lal's business. 
And that's how we are, Nicole. I don't want to break it out. But I think that you're reading's right. We're just slowing it down right now. We're pushing it, slowing it, so we get our growth investments in line with our actual growth. And I think that's what we do and that's what you've done with your team.

If you can imagine, it's pretty significant numbers given the size of this business.

At this point in time, we are set at $1 billion. As the Finance Committee met last night, we did discuss if the situation arose that we had to do it, we'd go back in. But right now, we are set a $1 billion and we're not going to move it at this point in time. But again, that will be a topic of our whole strategy review and capital allocation review with the full Board in early June. But I would say right now, it's set at $1 billion unless something major happened.

I think it's more, from our perspective right now, we don't see any change relative to a growth investment or opportunity. It would be more of a cost issue for us. We'd have a -- we have a cost reduction and then clearly, over time, that would impact our pricing, too. But we would obviously get an advantage. 
But I don't see any fundamental change. I think it would solidify confidence in some of the markets that Bob serves in China. So I would say, his business will get better because we hear that -- not as much on Lal's side.

Well, I was just there. And on the front page of this report -- that's -- the number 2 person at [ MASCON ] when I -- a couple of years ago, she came to our grand opening, we have a new tech innovation center. I was in Beijing meeting with certain government officials and customers. From our perspective, we've had a long, long relationship. We're celebrating our 40th year there as an American company. We have not seen any. Does it mean we've maybe had a few more checks by government officials and reviews and things like that? Yes, but I have not seen anything from our perspective. As you know, we are very, very localized, about 90% of what we sell in China, we design in China and we manufacture in China. So they treat us -- from that perspective, we're treated differently, but it's something we have our ears and eyes open. And just want to make sure. So I feel good about it right now. 
But again, the trade deal is something we do all want to get done, including from the Chinese perspective and the U.S. perspective. But I applaud our government. And I'm sure -- to do what's right for us as a country. And I wish him well and same thing with China. As we talk to the Chinese officials, they're all working for the best of their constituents and I think we'll come out with an appropriate deal.

I need some more bats right now, José. I need some bats. I got the Rally Monkey out. I got the bats out, I'm probing everybody right now. It's a little bit more contact sport, as we say.

I'll let -- I mean it's going to be positive for us. I'll let Frank -- first half, obviously, was negative. And now as you look in the second half of the year, we -- both Bob's business and Lal's business have helped us. And so we're flipping over significantly in the second and in the fourth quarter. In the first -- we'll have a little bit help in the third quarter, but it really helps us a lot in the fourth quarter.

He has it $0.08 on the bridge.

And we have pretty much all covered if there's additional tariff. It's -- not everything, but pretty close to it. Lal's business, Bob has a little bit more to -- but we're all still trying to work through that so if the President puts that additional tariff in there, we have some of that covered. We don't have it all covered, and -- you don't have it all.

Yes. So a big chunk of that $0.08 comes from this and it's set. I mean that's obviously -- the inventory work out there hurt us a little bit in the first 2 quarters -- or the second quarter in particular. But now we're starting to get the profit margin here in the second half.

So let me give you the way I think about it from a CEO perspective. Word comes out from top of the organization, "Guys, we need to slow down. We need to tap the brakes on spending." The first place you go is -- you got a budget or a global budget, say, $100 billion and you're going to -- you got to take a little bit out of the first quarter and say let's slow it down and see what happens. The first place you go is in the United States because you can control United States. It's the same thing if you look at all cost reductions, all cost actions. The first place you go is -- you go in the United States because we have the flexibility in the organization. 
So what we saw in the last 3 months is, as I talked about in February a little bit, I was concerned about this. The word came out. Let's slow things down a little bit, and they tapped. And where they tap is that they tapped in the U.S. markets. So if you look, other than Saudi Arabia, where we saw the biggest pullback in KOB 3 was in the United States and on top of the distribution. So my fundamental belief is, the capital allocation held in the communication in the quarter, if it continues to hold, that KOB 3 will build back up in the late summer, early fall time period, and that we'll benefit from that. We're seeing KOB 3 strong in Asia. We're seeing KOB 3 strong in Europe. We're seeing KOB 3 strong in Latin America where we saw the back-off is the U.S. And that's typically how it unfolds. It -- and if you ever watch us, we're more volatile in KOB 3 in the U.S. because that's how the CEO's control it for my customer base.

Yes. So exactly right.

Yes. So that's how I see it, Jeff.

The issue for us goes back to the question, I think Julian asked earlier, Gautam. If you don't see the margin come in the second half of the year, we're going to have to take action. And Lal knows that because we laid out a plan. We've got a plan for acquisition. We've got a plan for the core business to get back to profitability. And if we have to -- if we can't get there then we're going to have to figure out how to adjust the cost structure. Lal and his team understand that. They understand the margin business, but they also are working with the fluidity around the KOB 2 and 3 and 1 business. 
So I think we're pretty fluid here and we understand our job. So that's one thing we are good about. And this team sits here on the same floor. We're all here together now. Lal's got his CFO and Head of HR as Bob does right here in the same floor with us and with Frank. So we can talk openly about what's going on. And we'll have to adjust if we can't get there. But I feel these guys have it in focus right now with Lal and his team.

Correct.

A fluid situation Gautam, but we fully understand what we have to do as shareholders.

Well. Yes, we're going to talk at the June Board meeting about it. But it's definitely going to unfold differently right now based, let's say, the underlying growth rate this year is a little bit less. If we see the underlying growth rate in 2020 and '21, then obviously we adjust. If we don't see the acquisitions, then we have to do a share repurchase on this. From my perspective, $450 million was a realistic target when we set it last year -- or this year. I still believe that is the case. And the question is now as Frank and I with the business leaders have to -- on a platform, they just have to look at this and say, okay, what's a realistic being? For me, it's many ways we can get there. Acquisitions or no acquisitions, share repurchase, better margins. So we're going to look at that and we'll see that unfold. We know how important that $450 million is relative to our long-term valuation and it's something that we take seriously as we unfold it. So we will see what happens as we build it up here over the next 30 days.

Tariff numbers, still good. As you well know, if you go back, I've always said this thing was going to take a little longer. I've always felt July, August was the appropriate time frame. And so I've never been the guy that said this thing -- the May -- as I publicly said this and I said it on the call here, I still believe we'll get a deal done. I think that the issue really boils to I think both parties are testing each leader and the give-and-take. And I'm glad to hear the -- they are going to be meet -- go ahead and meet this week. But I think this is going to take -- go back and forth a couple more times. And I still don't believe we'll -- anything will happen until the August time period. And so I do believe that it will get done and I do believe that the cost will be passed through eventually. But it's something we have to manage. I can't sit here and cry and hold my breath. I got to deal with them. And so I think as a company, we're dealing with it and from a standpoint of the country, I'm glad we're addressing this issue now than waiting. We need to get on with this issue.

You guys want to take a shot at it...

Your acquisitions would be the place you work.

And I think work in the acquisitions you've done in the recent years is your bullet point. I think Lal's got the one that's got the biggest opportunity.

No. There's no bake-off going on? Rob what kind of bulls***? I am not going anywhere, there's no f****** bake-off. No, there's no bake-off.

No. There's 2 reasons we did this. One, we -- I felt, very importantly, given that what we were there in February talking to investors and talking to the sell side also and investors, we laid out a plan. And I felt the plan's changed. I thought it was very -- it's one thing I can sit here and communicate this, you know I can sit here and communicate this. But I think it's very important for the comfort of the investors to know that the business, the 2 platform leaders, Bob and Lal, are engaged and they're working this thing in unison with both Frank and myself to deliver what we're trying to deliver for the whole corporation for the company and for their shareholders.
It's important for me to engage them. It's also important for me to give the -- everyone a chance at the leadership level like Lal and Bob's at, they have a chance to interact and explain and have this experience that we go through with the, that we're sitting here under the microscope at -- both at the Board level, I did the same thing with the Board today, and then also from the standpoint of the investors. These 2 guys have been operating businesses at Emerson. They don't need to be baked off. I know how their -- they perform. And they perform extremely well. So it was all about trying to help you all to have information to make a better decision on the value, long-term capabilities of Emerson. And by the way, it's not 2021 yet, José. This is still 2019.
And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. I want to thank Lal. I want to thank Bob, Frank and Tim. It was a different approach. And we wanted just, as I said earlier, just to give a chance -- everyone have a chance to see what's going on. And I want to thank the organization, and I look forward to a very strong Q3 as we execute. 
So thank you very much, everybody.