Thank you, Colleen. I'd like to begin by recognizing the exceptional work that nearly 90,000 Emerson employees did to deliver our first quarter results. I'd also like to express my gratitude to the OCE and the Board of Directors for their continued support. And last, but certainly not least, to our shareholders for your trust and investment in our company.  
Saturday, February 5, marks my first year anniversary as CEO of Emerson. And although I do not intend this to be a holistic reflection of my first year, I would like to share 5 important learnings: one, build good teams and empower them to lead. We have a very strong new OCE. We hired our first Chief People Officer, our first Chief Sustainability Officer, named a new Chief Operating Officer and named our Chief Compliance Officer, to the OCE. And we have an independent chair of the Board in Jim Turley, a great partner for the shareholders and the management of this company; number two, diversity makes us better. It is my goal to continue to create a workplace where people feel like they belong, have a place and can be themselves. I'm very proud of the diversity targets we established to double representation of women and U.S. minorities in leadership by 2030.  
Number three, strengthening any business starts with strengthening its culture. Culture transformation is well underway at Emerson, and it includes the redesign of the Emerson management process into a new modern cohesive system.  
Number four, think boldly. Emerson is a historic company going back to 1890. But we cannot be afraid of change and must always be keenly aware of the value creation levers at our disposal.  
Number five, tomorrow starts with us. We will live our purpose. We will drive innovation that makes the world healthier, safer, smarter and more sustainable. We will create accelerated value through culture, portfolio and execution.  
Allow me now to turn to the quarter. It was a very positive quarter, significant from a number of dimensions as we delivered $1.05 of adjusted EPS, an increase of 13% over 2021 Q1. Demand is accelerating in Automation Solutions and continues to be very strong in Commercial & Residential Solutions. The trailing 3-month underlying orders were up 17%, for the enterprise as a whole. Our relevance with our customers continues to be a differentiator across all of our businesses, whether it is the energy customer undergoing a critical transformation to a carbon-free or lower carbon future or new energy economy start-up customer in hydrogen or biogas. Our KOB funnel continues to be very robust, valued at approximately $6.5 billion at the end of the quarter, and KOB 3 hit 60% of total automation revenues in the quarter.  
Interestingly as well, the sustainability and decarbonization element of the funnel is now valued at over $800 million, up over $100 million over this time last quarter, very positive.  
Our HVAC OEM customers who rely on our compression and electronics know-how to make their systems more efficient to meet new regulatory standards. And also, the tradesman, the utility workers, the plumbers, many of whom, as I continue to learn, have rich tattoos, who trust our gear to get the job done. Over the past 100 days or so, I had the opportunity along with many members of management to meet these customers, representing a broad cross-section of our markets and feel great about the role that we continue to play in making them successful.  
Our execution in the quarter was excellent. We improved adjusted EBIT margin to 140 -- EBITDA margins -- 140 basis points to 19.6%, delivering incrementals of 32% across the enterprise. The automation business is operating at historical levels of profitability with adjusted EBITDA margins increasing 320 basis points to 21.5%. Our commercial and residential business was faced with planned but unprecedented price cost challenges, and the team performed exceptionally well. We have confidence in the price and cost management actions that are in place as we go through 2022.  
We will speak about the operating challenges that continue to be prevalent and most importantly, what we are doing to address them. These include electronics, both lead time, extensions and purchase price variances and shortages, particularly that impacted Automation Solutions sales in the quarter, logistics and freight cost escalations and labor wage inflation and availability that are concerns, particularly in North America.  
In most of these cases, we feel better today than we did 3 months ago, but they do remain challenging. And we have been aggressive and implemented further price plans to offset these additional costs.  
Lastly, overall, I have and we, as management, have increased confidence in our 2022 financial plan. We have increased our underlying sales growth estimates for the year to 7% to 9%, up by 1 point and the adjusted EPS target to $4.90 to $5.05, about 10% increase over last year at the midpoint. I've often said to the management team that sometimes growth isn't a lot of fun because we are working so hard. But I'll tell you that there is no other team I'd rather do it with than this team here at Emerson.  
Let's now turn to Chart 5, please. We continue to see increasingly strong levels of demand across both platforms and all world areas. In Commercial & Residential Solutions, trailing 3-month orders were up 13%, continue an extraordinary level of demand. The European heat pump market continues to benefit from ongoing electrification trends in Europe. For our tools business, we see long-term cycle demand related to the housing market to remain strong with favorable macro trends and fundamentals, including DIY trends. At the same time, I believe commercial and industrial segments are seeing considerable strength with project starts in the U.S. and Europe.  
The trailing 3-month orders for Automation Solutions were up 19% versus prior year, and there is broad strength across discrete, hybrid and process markets across all world areas. China orders were up 34% on a destination basis and continues to be an important growth region. Sustainability-related investments, as I referenced earlier, continue to be a key driver for our business, including renewable and great investments, which benefit our power and OSI businesses. We are also seeing continued recovery in our energy markets with capital spending budgets up significantly year-over-year, in part due to LNG and Middle East investments. Portions of these budgets are being dedicated to decarbonization, emissions and energy efficiency projects, which are accelerating as our customers take tangible steps in pursuit of their ESG targets.  
To provide a little color on this, I'll highlight a few of our recent project wins related to this growth sector on Slide 6. First, let's start on the left of the chart. Emerson was recently awarded 2 sizable projects in the Middle East with our Measurement Solutions business to help customers reduce emissions. These solutions provide continuous monitoring systems, allowing customers to take preventive actions against emissions and releases. The main driver behind these projects was the customer's commitment to emissions reductions as part of net-zero targets. Both projects were supported by environmental regulations in the Middle East to minimize emissions, protecting the environment and community.  
Next, in the middle, a refining customer in Europe has chosen Emerson to implement a full-scale automation and control modernization of one of their compressor units. The upgraded system, utilizing DeltaV PK Controller and control software solutions will provide greater control and load sharing of their system. This greater degree of automation, control and advanced compressor application is uniquely provided by Emerson, and will allow the customer to optimize their operations, thereby increasing their efficiency in reducing energy and load requirements.  
Solutions like this can help customers use up to 30% less energy in their operations, that's a very critical number. And that's a critical piece of what many customers net zero -- of the many customers' net-zero journeys. And then finally, on the right, last month, Emerson announced participation in the PosHYdon project in the Netherlands. PosHYdon will be the world's first offshore hydrogen generation project, basing an electrolyzer on an offshore platform, coupled with nearby offshore wind power generation. Offshore wind will power the electrolysis of the mineralized seawater to produce hydrogen, which would then be transported to shore for integration with natural gas in the national gas grid. Working as one of the key consortium partners with Neptune Energy, Emerson will deploy DeltaV software and systems to manage desalination, electrolysis, gas transportation and the associated infrastructure. 
Learnings from this project should help provide a broader pathway to large-scale offshore green hydrogen production. So we're very excited with this partnership. These are just 3 examples of how Emerson is assisting our current and new customers on the net-zero and sustainability journey.  
And with that, I'll pass the call over to Frank Dellaquila, who will go through our financial results for the first quarter.

Yes. Thank you. And thank you, Frank and Ram. And before opening up to Q&A, I'd like to acknowledge and you referenced it a couple of times, Frank, the AspenTech team for their strong performance in the quarter, they did report last week. The team and the business is benefiting from increased demand for their software solutions in the sustainability and electrification efforts of its traditional customer base. We are on track to close the transaction as previously communicated in the second calendar quarter of 2022.  
And with that, I turn to Q&A.

Yes, Deane. Great. So very good ground the management process. We are essentially in the redesign phase as we speak. We'll speak about it holistically when we get together later in the year on our investor conference. But essentially, what we're doing, Deane, is a redesign of a process that was, for the most part, put in place in the mid-70s and we've been operating the company around that. A lot of goodness and what that's brought to us, but we believe that we have an opportunity to really challenge and create a system that can drive more innovation, collaboration and perhaps, a little more risk taking within the business itself. So we're working that. We'll talk to you about how that translates ultimately into our continued ability to execute and to meet our commitments. So we look forward to that later in the year. 
Related to your KOB 3, the number is 6-0, 60%. I apologize if I didn't come across clearly earlier. It's driven predominantly by modernizations, digital, a number of the smaller sustainability type programs like flare reduction, eliminations and emission reductions fall into the category. Keep in mind also, Deane, that we had a significant amount of delayed maintenance that occurred in most of these plants through COVID, where staffs left and a lot of what needed to be done just wasn't done over periods of as much as 1.5 years. So all of that is a bit of a catch-up that's occurring in the plants. 
In terms of KOB 1, again, the funnel is at $6.5 billion today. It's pretty much been stable over the last 12, 18 months. We're watching that carefully as we execute the LNG wave we've completed. And there's a few things, obviously, in Qatar that will come our way. So we're watching that carefully. But there -- that deferred maintenance and the modernization sustainability in digital is what's driving the bulk of the KOB 3 to a large extent for us as well.

No, Deane. I think we reiterate that guide of 30% for the business for the year. They had a phenomenal execution in the quarter, it was almost dollar for dollar on the incrementals on automation. But I expect that to normalize as we go through the year, and I think that [ really guide us ]. It's the stake in the ground that we put in for our businesses, our expectation that would drive a clear amount of investment back into the business and enable a return back to the shareholders. So that's what we still expect. That's what we have in the financial plan and expect to deliver in the year.

No. No.

No, absolutely. North America is very strong for us across Automation Solutions right now and it's broad-based. It's process. I think overall, the oil and gas segment, the outlook is very high single digits as we think about the year. And the CapEx, a lot of that CapEx that we're seeing is driven around those sustainability efforts in production and expect that to be strong. So it's consistent with what AspenTech has seen across the process industries, which has been a bit of a laggard to discrete, obviously, in hybrid that we experienced through 2021.

Yes. I don't think we...

Down relative to where we are today, certainly in the fourth quarter.

It could be tight in the fourth quarter, Steve. It would be my take. Ram, any...

Yes. No, look, we continue to be very excited about the commercial opportunities with AspenTech, as you heard from Antonio on the call as well. The commercial agreement is underway. We're working finalizing the last little elements there. The global teams have begun to collaborate. And it's very interesting Andrew, even as I made customer calls in Houston 3 weeks ago, engaged at both the Emerson and the AspenTech level in terms of defining opportunities across both businesses. So I think those will come into more clarity as we get closer to close. In terms of the software assets, Ram, if you want to comment on the performance of the assets?

No. Great question, Joe. And I had the opportunity to spend a few days in Houston with customers face-to-face, which is great in the Energy segment, chemical and energy, and the mood is obviously positive. But what's most interesting is how budgets are shifting into the sustainability elements in a very significant way, which is what we've seen in our own funnel, where almost $1 billion now is essentially around those types of electrification. Could be carbonization, emissions, all the sustainability buckets. So that is a significant shift in capital, and I think we'll see that increase over time as we go forward. 
We see positive move on the large KOB 1s that do remain, whether they're North America-based LNG or Qatar, those are moving forward. We received a number of awards already around our instrumentation and our valve businesses and actuation businesses in Qatar over the last few months. And so we continue to see encouragement there. But I'd suggest, Joe, that the makeup of KOB 1 will start to shift more and more into that sustainability area. Ram, any comments?

Sure, Joe. We're very active both on the pluses and minuses. Obviously, our strategic imperatives around diversification is important to create a world-class automation business. So we're very active looking at those. And you're right, the market is active and there are interesting assets out there, and we'll participate accordingly. So we'll stay active. Our balance sheet is in very good shape. I think we have firepower if we were to choose to do other things, and we have that flexibility. So we'll keep -- we'll be smart and very attentive to the opportunities that are out. But we'll also be very intentional as to the pathways that we've defined and we'll speak more about in our Investor Day around the portfolio journey and the targeted verticals that will drive increased value creation through underlying sales growth.

Okay. Sure. Sure, Markus. I'll be happy to give you some insights. So year-over-year from last year, budgets overall or the size of budgets they're up, undoubtedly on the KOB 1 side. However, if you look back through time, particularly given the significant LNG wave of investments, they're down because those are very significant capital that was put on outlay to increase capacity of LNG. So they're down on that basis overall. So for us, it's been stabilized from an Emerson Automation value over the last few months and that we'll see as things may potentially expand or particularly around sustainability, as I said earlier.

Look, just to give you a perspective, we have a traditionally very strong business in China, as you know, almost 10,000 employees in China and a business that continues to be incredibly robust. 
On a destination basis, automation business in China in the quarter was up 17%. The orders, as I think I mentioned, were up 34% in the quarter. So we feel really good. Obviously, we continue to be active in conversations, both governmental and quasi-governmental as you could say, to try to influence normalcy of relations with China, but we've continued to feel really good about our position in the marketplace, our ability to win and differentiate and really have loyalty from the customers that are based in China. And our continued acceleration in project participation and growth of our underlying business is, I think, testament to that. Ram?

Fair to say that we continue to plan very high single digits, if not low double digits for the year in China from a definition sales performance.

Absolutely, absolutely. And it's broad-based across the energy segment from the producers in traditional upstream like Pioneer to the integrated oils flare elimination, emission reduction, decarbonization, carbon capture programs. And the example -- one of the examples that I shared with you at the offset around emissions was exactly that. So we're -- we can attribute bookings and sales. We have significant pursuits underway across our world areas with our selling organizations around those technologies that are part of our core portfolio that aid our customers in that transition. So we feel really good. Ram, if you've got something to add.

Look, I'll give you a perspective from an industry perspective, Tommy, and just from a worldwide perspective for the quarter. The quarter performance globally was relatively strong, but the opportunity really lies in -- from a geographic perspective, in North America and Western Europe from a conversion of backlog perspective. 
In terms of markets, we expect the process space to be in the high single digits to low double, ultimately, high singles on hybrid as we go through the year and low doubles on discrete as we go through the year. So the discrete strength continues, and then we'll see an acceleration as we go through the process -- potential. That's the potential that we see out there. 
Geographically, I feel really good about where we are. And obviously, as we convert backlog in the developed economies of Europe and U.S., we'll see that benefit.