Thank you very much, Tim, and thank you very much for your service as Investor Relations. It's -- you're going out sort of with a bang since it's an interesting time we've been having here. But I want to thank all the employees around the world for their support through fiscal 2019. They did accomplish a lot in a very challenging marketplace. And I want to welcome everybody on the call today as we talk about what we're seeing in the marketplace and what we see going here going forward. 
But it's been a very dynamic time period, as we all know. It's a challenging time period. But the management team across this company, both here in St. Louis and around the world, is very, very focused on delivering increased operational margins in a 0% underlying growth period. 
If growth is better, better for us. If it's not, we're ready for it, and that's what we're doing. 
I also want to thank all the sell-side analysts and the shareholders that have met with Tim and I over the last 60 days and talked to us as we -- we sought your inputs, which we conveyed back to the Board as we've gone through this process to make sure the Board understood where our shareholders stood today and what they expected of us. 
So if I look at where we're going right now, and you see the order pattern on Chart 13, preliminary numbers for October. If I look at Automation Solutions, they drifted down a little bit, but not much. Running around, I think, around 3% underlying growth rate. Bob's business is sort of flat-lining here around this negative 1% to 0% growth rate the last couple of months. And overall, we are, as a corporation, looking at 1% underlying growth rate right now. 
As we know, we believe we're facing a very challenging time in 2020, and we are getting ready for that. And I'll have more comments on that as we go forward here. 
If you look through the Chart 14, the history of Emerson from the years that we've gone through different cycles, through periods that I've been leading the company as a CEO, from 2000 to 2019. We have continued to change the composition of the company. We've continued to invest in the company. We've divested close to 55% of the company's assets since I've become CEO. We repositioned and invested in new companies in our automation business, invested in new companies in our commercial and residential business. And we've driven our gross profit to very good levels. Our target is to get the number back into that 44-plus-percent range over the next couple of years. But we -- from an industrial operation standpoint, we know what we're doing here. We know how to invest in technology to drive higher gross profit and to drive what I would call a renewable type of business model as I look at our aftermarket business going forward. 
We've had very good true underlying growth rates throughout the economic cycle. Yes, there are cycles. And yes, we're facing a cycle right now, and I believe this team is focused on how we're going to improve the profitability and drive as much growth as we can for our shareholders going forward here in the next couple of years. 
If you look at Chart 15, from an EBITDA margin standpoint over the time period, Emerson, 21%. Our weighted average peer is around 16%. Our Commercial & Residential Solutions business, a very profitable business, a business that runs through cycles a little bit different, a little less cyclical, runs around 25% EBITDA versus our peer group around 15%. Automation Solutions business, also a very, very good business. It's been built up over a long, long time. I ran it many, many years ago. I'd say the current leadership team is far better than I ever was back when I was running it in the late '90s. But running an EBITDA around 20% versus our (sic) [ peers ] 15%. But we believe we have opportunities here to drive these EBITDA margins back up to those peak levels and to enhance our profitability as we go forward in the next couple of years, and we'll be talking about that a little bit more. 
If you look at our digital transformation capabilities today. We now have a very large installed base, close to $120 billion in the automation world. We have the capability with -- our digital capabilities today, both from a hardware standpoint and a system standpoint, and we're driving a unique business model around that while creating a new business within that to focus specifically on these higher tech transformation opportunities, and we have a very good start in this business today. You're going to hear more about that as we now start talking about what we're doing, what we have to offer here, but it's really a truly unique differentiation that we have. And really, from the standpoint of our $120 billion installed base, it's quite unique to come off of. And I -- we're very, very excited about it, and we'll continue to invest in that. Even through a tough time, we will continue to invest in that. 
I also want to thank Lal and Ram and his whole team in the first couple of years of the Valves & Controls work. It's really created a unique shareholder value for us. From an EBITDA standpoint, the pro forma of 2017. If you look at 2019, there are now over $600 million of EBITDA. The EBITDA margins are now up to 16%. We fundamentally have room to go. We made a commitment to our shareholders that we would get to 20%. We will get to 20%. We are doing the necessary actions to get to that level. It is a step-by-step basis, we're underway right now. 
We've decreased the number of facilities. You'll see more of that in 2020. We've driven out working capital on a combined basis. When we took over V&C, that number was close to 50%. And on a combined basis with Final Control it was 35% total, and we're now down to 26%. We're doing a lot of different things here to drive value, both from a customer perspective, but equally, just as important, from our shareholder perspective. And a lot more to go here with Ram and his team and Lal as they go forward with this integration process. And we'll continue to accelerate that in 2020 and '21. 
We've also continued to drive a lot of cash back to our shareholders. If you look at our Emerson capital allocation over the last 10 years, we've paid back to our shareholders in $10 billion of share repurchase; 1 -- $12 billion of dividends; acquisitions, we've done $10 billion worth; capital spending, we've done about $6 billion worth. So we continue to invest in the company, continue to invest in the technology, and we continue to give back to our shareholders. 
For the last 10 years, that number is 57% of our cash flow goes back to our shareholders. This year, we were over 60% as we grow back our dividend and as we grow back our share repurchase. We clearly had money to give back to the shareholders. We did not have as many acquisitions. And our intention is to give the money back if we can't use it internally. 
On a return basis, as a company, over the last 10 years, our return on total capital has been 18%. It is a number that goes up and down. As we make acquisitions, the number would drift down. As we integrate those, the numbers will drift up. And over the time, if you look through it, it does go up and down, but we drive at very high levels of return on total capital, a very important metric for us, both from a cash standpoint, from a sales standpoint and margin standpoint. But returns on our investments from the shareholders' perspective is something that's high in our mind at all times. 
If you look at the Chart 19, the only thing I want to point out is you go through the different cycles. You look at Emerson, and you look at our G7 or G7 with China, the numbers cycle around. We are definitely in a downward drift right now. The concern I have as I look at 2020 is I look at the GFI numbers right now, they're under 1%. That tells me we are facing a very challenging time period. I'm waiting for the catalyst to cause that to turn. There are a lot of people that believe that we'll see a second-half recovery. We are not planning on that. We're planning on getting the costs out, getting our margins moving upward in a no-growth environment. If we get growth, then we'll leverage nicely. But right now, what I see, and I've been in this game a long time, as you all know, I see a very challenging environment for at least 12 months, it could be 18 months, and we'll see what that catalyst is to drive that. 
I fundamentally believe there will be a bounce back up. This cycle has been artificially depressed, the geopolitical issues, the trade issues, and I'm looking at what does it take to bounce it. But my standpoint, we're betting on a slow global growth for the next year, a challenging growth for us, and we're adjusting accordingly. 
We are going through the repositioning review with the Board right now. We have a lot of work to do. The effort is underway. It has been underway for several months. We'll come back out to the shareholders later after the first quarter and getting into that in February investors call. But I'll tell you what I'm thinking right now. We're trying to aggressively advance our restructuring effort. You're going to see in the first quarter, restructuring number around $70 million. Basically, what we see at this point in time between Lal's business, between corporate and Bob, we're looking at around $70 million of restructuring on top of what we just did in the fourth quarter, incrementally it was $35 million higher. 
As I look at the total plan from the late '19 to '20 to '21, early '22, I would say, right now, you should be factoring somewhere between $200 and $300 (sic) [ $200 million and $300 million ] of restructuring as we go back to drive our EBITDA margins, our EBIT margins to record levels, to high levels, and that focus is underway. The work will be done and reviewed with the Board in the coming months, and then we'll share that with the outside investors. But we're well underway, and we're going to take a significant hit in this first quarter as we really action around things that should be done and to get going on this, and that will come through as we report our final GAAP numbers. It's not in the numbers that we presented to you today, but it will be around $70 million, and I would expect that number -- obviously, you never hit exactly. It's going to be plus or minus. But that's what we're talking about in the first quarter, up from what we had spent in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. 
So if you look at what's going on right now, the Board has us looking at operational review, looking at total cost structure across the company, both in Bob's business, our corporate organization, and Lal's business, how can we optimize the cost structure to get back to driving record levels of EBITDA margins, EBIT margins. We've hired an outside global consulting firm to work with us to look at the pinch points to make sure we're not missing something. We consider ourselves very good operating people. But having a different perspective is something that's very valuable, and that's why we brought in somebody to look at this, and that's underway. Again, we will review that with the Board. The Board wants engagement in this, and we're going to make sure that we take a hard look at that with the Board in early February. 
We're also looking at the capital structure. We're looking at our capital allocation, where we see spending money the next couple of years, how much we see at acquisitions, how much we see going back at dividends, how much we see going back in share repurchase, how much we see going back into capital spending. Again, we're looking at where we're going to spend the money as we go forward here. I know that we're going to put more money into capital as we rebase some of our cost structure. I also know that we will continue to drive operating cash flow and free cash flow, which will allow us to increase our dividend as we drive down towards 45% of dividend payout versus free cash flow. We're at 50% this year. We want to get back down to 45% level. 
And finally, we're taking a look at all of the portfolio of Emerson. What assets make sense, what assets don't make sense; what are we going to do, if anything, what are we going to do with some of these assets, some of the businesses. This is something we do all the time, but we've really put a little bit more effort into it. We like to look at this, especially when we go into a downturn. Allows us to remix, and it also allows us to have a chance to say, where do we want to invest from an acquisition standpoint? So everything's on the table. We had a 2-day Board meeting this week on Monday and Tuesday, and we're looking forward to sharing a lot of this insight with the shareholders in our February investor conference, which is, I think, February 13, in New York City at the famous Stock Exchange, where everyone loves to go to. But it's a good price point from the standpoint of cost. And so that's why I'm looking at it from that perspective. 
But I want to know -- let you know that the Board and the senior management are very focused on how we can drive improved profitability, profit margins, and also drive growth. We're not walking away from growth, but we know we're facing a challenging market. I know the entire organization around the world are focused on that. 
We're also making the right investments for the next-generation technology, the next-generation areas that really will drive growth. And we're getting ready for, what I would say, a bounce back in the marketplace when it does happen. In the meantime, we're very, very much focused on driving that value for our shareholders through that margin improvement, the cash flow. And we're very much focused on driving that cash and paying back more money to our shareholders in 2020 through the higher dividend increase of $0.04 this year, assuming we continue that, and also share repurchase of $1.5 billion this year. So our forecast right now says we're paying back more money to our shareholders in 2020, and we also are looking to drive higher operating cash flow. With that, I'm going to open the mic and a lot of the first questions, and we'll go from there. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much. So what I'd like to do here is sort of deal with this issue right up front here and then not have that question come at me for the rest of the day. I want to focus on Emerson and what we're trying to do here. 
But first of all, we get input, as you all know, from every shareholder. It's been a part of Emerson DNA for a long, long time. It's how we operate. And the Board review announced in October was the culmination of discussion with the Board over the last 6 months and consistent with how Emerson addresses challenging macroeconomic slowdowns. The Board's decision was shaped by input from all our shareholders. That's why I went out and I asked so many of our shareholders. I talked to nearly 40% of our shareholders over the last 2 months. Board members have joined me on several of these phone calls and meetings. It's important for them to hear it. The Board understands our strong position as a company, and the Board supports that we have heard from our shareholders. And the Board will continue to make the right decisions for the long term for all of our shareholders. We appreciate the inputs, as I said earlier, from everybody that I've talked to over the last 60 days. It is important that we -- the shareholders know that we are in control of our own destiny here. We are in control of what needs to be done with our strategy. 
Now as I look at what we announced this morning with Mark Blinn, what we've been looking at for the last couple of years is we have 2 directors that will be retiring in early 2021. The Board, Corporate Governance Committee, have been looking at candidates for quite some time. We've had 2 candidates that we've been working on. We had an input from a shareholder. The Board took a look at them. He was a very interesting person from the standpoint. Every Board member met this individual, went through a very rigorous process. And we made a decision as a Board to move him to the front of the line versus the other 2 candidates we have at this point in time. 
Mark has unique skill sets. He has a unique experience in the industry. He took a company through a major repositioning effort, a restructuring effort. He has enormous Board experience being on the Texas Instruments Board as a lead Director. He has an interesting background also from a CFO standpoint. He's on the Board of Leggett & Platt. He's on the Board of other companies, which really do bring value to us. So the Board made a decision that Mark fits exactly what we're looking for, and he moved to the front of the queue, and we brought him on. And from my perspective, at this point in time, I think he's been a fantastic addition. Mark is -- I've known Mark for several years, and I'm looking forward to his inputs relative to what's going on in the industry. 
And I think that, obviously, we listen to shareholders, and we are totally in control of our destiny at this point in time. Our objective right now is to execute, execute around what I've been talking to the Board about and what I've been talking to my shareholders about. We are in total control of our own destiny, and I want to say Mark was a very good addition to our Board. 
Don't be surprised if I don't add another director in 2020, late 2020, because I do have this director that will be retiring in late -- or early '21. And I need to make sure that I find a replacement for her at the same time. I'm looking for a diverse candidate there, and the Board is looking at that at the same time. 
So Julian, I appreciate that. And why don't you -- another question you might want to ask me, go ahead.

It's a very important point for the Board at this point in time. The Board is very focused on trying to make sure that we're not jeopardizing the future of this company. We've done several large acquisitions over the last 2 or 3 years. We're taking a very strong focus on how we can integrate those businesses, how can we get our cost structure improved there. We're taking a hard look at the touch points between the corporate and the businesses. And as I committed to the Board, both Bob and Lal had to commit to the Board yesterday because they asked them the question, the same question you just asked us: How are you making sure you're not jeopardizing the future of the company just because you're trying to get to short-term type of goals? That's not something Emerson does. We, over the time, have been a technology leader. We've been an industry leader, a steward of the industry, and we have not -- have no intention to damage that going forward. And when these guys talk later on, you can ask the same question. But these guys are very much focused on the key strategic areas. We have opportunities inside of this company to take our costs down and do things better. We have some excess facilities through acquisitions. We have a unique opportunity to do some best-cost job moves by building some new facilities. 
So Julian, it's a very important issue for the Board because they do not want to make sure that Dave Farr, in his last 2 years, does things short term-oriented, and then hands it over to the next generation and say, "Oh, sh*t." And so I guarantee that's on the forefront of the Board, and they will be challenging me, they'll be challenging Bob and Lal to make sure that they do that. Bob, you guys want to say anything? Or Lal, you want to say anything along those lines?

Bob, anything you want to add there?

Yes. I think that's an important point, Julian. Anything -- Julian, anything else before I pass it onto the next person?

I'll let Lal answer that question since he's an expert in this, and I'm just CEO.

Thank you very much, Lal.

I think, Steve, it's a fair question given where we are in the -- from the backlog standpoint and the order standpoint. I'll give you my perspective, and I'll let Lal and Bob give you 2 seconds on this, too. 
From my perspective, what's scaring me is I look at -- the last couple of months started -- I started talking about concern about 2019, late 2019, early 2020, back in April. But in the last 2 or 3 months, I've seen the global GFI numbers really roll off. And when I see a number that goes -- now, GFI forecast for 2020 dropped now below 1%, it scares me from the standpoint, okay, guys, the current pace we see maybe says it doesn't do that, maybe it should be better than that, as you say, but I'm more concerned about the fact that the trend line between the geopolitical, the tariffs, the trade, all these different discussions right now are driving this much weaker gross fixed investment number. When I see a number go below 1, historically, we move really quickly towards a 0 or a negative number on underlying sales. So what -- so from my perspective, what I'm doing right now is say, "Guys, we're driving to a 0 or negative number underlying growth." I understand there's investment opportunities out there, but we've got to figure out how to get the cost structure set at that 0 standpoint, Steve, because I am concerned that something is going to happen here, from an election standpoint or Europe or something that happens in the Middle East, and the GFI forecast numbers are really going to happen. If that happens, we're going to be looking at very low growth. 
So I would say we're -- I'm being driven by that caution. And I think that until we see that catalyst that drives that back up, you're right, it should be, from a catalytical standpoint, at some point, a bounce. But I'm not willing to say we're going to see that bounce yet until I start sensing the underlying economic numbers get better or stabilize. I don't see that yet. So that's where it's coming from.

Yeah, I think -- Lal, why don't you -- Lal, go ahead.

Yes. And don't forget the discrete question.

At the low end of the forecast.

Anything else -- you want anything from Bob? Anything you want to ask Bob on? [indiscernible]

Bob will make a statement here then, Tusa. Since you won't ask him a question. Bob, why don't you -- you can make a comment, because Tusa doesn't like you enough.

Thank you very much, Steve. I appreciate it.

It's going to be, from our standpoint, we typically -- what we're trying to target here based on the final numbers, we're trying to get back to our record level of EBIT, which was a little bit over 19%. We're trying to get back to our record level of EBITDA, which was around 22.3, 22.4. So some of the investment will be longer-term, the payback is a little longer, but I think that what we're looking at is a mixture of the long-term impact, the short-term impact that allow us to drive that profitability back to those peak level margins with very moderate growth of underlying sales. So I would say, historically, when we look at it, we get back dollar for dollar. It may be over an 18-month period, but it's typically dollar for dollar. And we'll let you know as we lay this out. There are going to be some capital investments which will be a little longer because we're going to -- we need to build some best-cost facilities as we consolidate some of our manufacturing. And that will be a little bit different payback. But it's definitely -- we still always look for dollar-plus for that type of investment, and that's what we're seeing right now.

Yes. So we're looking at basically about 1% underlying sales growth, and we're looking at probably a couple of tenths operational margin improvement. The key issue here, though, is -- now that does include the 70 -- we're banking on a recovery on the cost of investments, the acceleration we did in the fourth quarter. If we get a decent mix and different growth, hopefully, we'll have a little bit better margin improvement there. But in reality, what we're really trying to get geared up for right now, Nicole, is we're trying to get the -- so as fast as the cost reduction is done in this first fiscal quarter, that's why we're trying to do $70 million, which will allow us to start getting some margin improvement underlying as we get into that second and third quarter. So we're trying to get this game going faster. 
I think right now, we're ahead of the wave. And I'd like to get a little bit further ahead of the wave. And that's how you should feel about us right now.

Good afternoon, John.

No. No. So what we've built in is no benefit improvements from the acceleration of the restructuring. So when we -- as we start doing this and we lay out the plan, we will tell you what benefit cost is going to be coming in for the cost structure and what benefit we'll get from profits in this year because we will -- by getting going in the first quarter, like we're doing right now, both Bob's business and corporate and Lal's business, we will get some benefit from incremental EBIT dollars this fiscal year. And so that's why we're pushing really hard to get as much done as possible in this first quarter. It gets tougher and tougher as you go into that second and third quarter. So that's why we're trying to front-load as much as possible. So the answer is no, we have not booked any cost nor the benefits, which there will be benefits.

So from the standpoint of this next 12 months, I think the best lever we have is from an operational standpoint, can we get our inventory back -- I think our inventory has room to come down a little bit in 2020. As we slowed in the sales growth, our inventory levels did not come down as much as I thought. They did do pretty well, but they didn't come down as much. So I think we still have up to $100 million inventory we can get out of the company in 2020. 
As you go forward, the key issue that's going to drive this is a continued working capital performance in Lal's business as he continues to integrate his 2 recent big acquisitions. I think Bob's business is running pretty well tightly right now. I think he's got his tools business running pretty well after the first 12 months. And then, obviously, if we drive our profit, profit drives that cash flow. So we're trying to drive that free cash flow level back up because what we're trying to get back to is we're trying to get back to that $4 billion operating cash flow, which allows us to spend the capital that we need up to $675 million, $700 million. We will be also altering our capital spend as we get to understand the restructuring programs. We may have to spend a little bit more than $600 million, which is embedded in that forecast. We may have to spend $625 million. But we're also going to keep trying to push the operating cash flow up because I really do want to get our free cash flow to dividend payout back down towards 48%, 47% as soon as possible in 2020 or early '21. And so there's a lot of things going on right now, but we're very focused on that cash because we know that that's how we drive value.

He's been a decent guy. I'd say, well, we're going to find a good job for him. He's really done a yeoman's job in the last 60 days. And fortunately, we'll -- I think we'll find a really good job for him to recast his skills. He can work out in the gym or something like that. I'm kidding.

Good afternoon, Andrew. I would say the gentlemen is very loosely described. So we don't -- we're from the Midwest. I wouldn't call us gentlemen in the Midwest.

Are you guys...

Oh, you're in China?

What city are you in?

Okay. Good.

Those got to be multi-million dollars projects.

So it did not happen in October, we're still trying to get it the first [indiscernible]

You'll see it because there'll be a big order pop here [indiscernible]

You're not in China, are you, Joe? You're not in China, are you?

I think that -- I'll just take Bob's business first. I think there'll be a fairly positive impact pretty quickly for Bob, just from a spending attitude standpoint. So I think that you would see a good business bounce in China.
Bob has a lot of business in China. He's very strong there. So I think that would be probably within a couple of months, I would say, would bounce pretty quickly for him. The capital side, I think the CEOs would start, I would say, within a quarter, they'd start reevaluating. I think you'll start seeing some incremental spending starting to flow. A lot of the work has been done. I mean, as you well know, Joe, we -- our booked but not entered now, or won but not entered number is how big?

Over $1 billion. So a lot of those projects are based around a China export type of market. And so I think that you'd see some of those move pretty quickly. So I think that both Bob's and Lal's business would see a pretty good bounce. We're not -- obviously not assuming that right now because there's a lot of uncertainty. But that would be one that would be the catalyst, as I said, that would create that second half recovery that would change us, obviously, to the plus 2 type of range and higher from that perspective. But that would be nice to see. 
In the meantime, we're focused on the cost, but that's a good positive, if that would happen.

The channel would move quickly, as Bob said.

The scenario will get worse is that -- going back to my GFI numbers, is that if this -- if we do not get an agreement with some improvement to get that tension out between the U.S. and China, and it keeps grinding, I think you're going to see CEOs really continue to curtail spending, and that would drive obviously the GFI number down, that would hurt us in the day-to-day spending.
The other thing that would also -- that I'm really concerned about is the European economy does not see a recovery and the actions they're trying to do with the new European leadership to try to get spending and investment going. If this thing is still a malaise in Europe, that's a concern that we've built into that thing. So that's -- we don't see the catalysts yet being triggered. We know what they are, but we don't see them being triggered. If you're right, Joe, and what you guys are talking about in that we do see some realistic change in the discussions between the U.S. and China, we do get some realistic movement coming in Europe, that will be 2 positive catalysts that would change the momentum of the curve and move it upwards and obviously move that thing from 0 to a positive number and growing from there. But until we see that, I mean, I want my guys to focus on getting the costs down. And if we get it down fast enough and this recovery happens, then obviously, we'll make pretty good leverage.

Yes, I think that from our perspective, we saw some very good international growth in -- late in the second half of the year. It was really good to see. The product -- I think the opportunities in China are pretty still significant as they continue to invest in technologies, in areas that are allowing them to become more self-sufficient. They are clearly investing in next-generation digital technologies. And so we're seeing that, and that's a positive. So we had a very good year last year and the year before in China. And so I think that we still feel very confident we're going to see sales and orders in this 5% to 10% range. So I think we'll still see that. 
Now going back to, I think, Joe's questions, if we did get some kind of settlement and the relationships did improve, I think that would be a big positive to us because of our presence and the quick investment opportunity. But we've got to see that because it's just something that -- it soured and we need to obviously fix that relationship. 
If you look at the Middle East, I think the Middle East has a huge opportunity. What concerns me about the Middle East primarily is the fact that -- are the geopolitical, the turmoil, the other actions that are going on there, I wouldn't call it war, but the skirmishes that are going on. And so I'm very concerned about this period right now, and that's why I'm probably more cautious than the average person relative to the Middle East, because I'm really concerned about all the activity underway in the Middle East and the concern that I have around does that disrupt the projects and that standpoint. 
Now the bookings would say not, but I am a little bit concerned. So I'm a little bit cautious in those 2 marketplaces. And the other one I would say is Latin America. We've had a good run. And the question is does the whole Argentina thing, the Brazilian thing and the lack of money, does that thaw as we go into 2020. So Lal, why don't you give your view of it?

I mean, it's not been a competitive issue. I think, Bob...

Money, it's made a lot of money.

I think if you think back, and for the people on the phone, and Andrew, you talk about -- I think there are a couple of big wildcards. You guys have -- it's China, clearly. China could be a very strong play for both businesses this year. It could be a dud, but it could be very positive. 
If favorable discussions happen between the 2 presidents of the country and we do come to some kind of terms of initial phase agreement, that would create a positive moat, both in China and also in the U.S. for us. And so those are 2 wildcards that I see have the biggest impact potential for us on the upside as we look at the company today, and that's why we're trying to work as quickly as possible on the cost, because if we get this thing going and get that cost down, that will be a nice bounce for us. But those are the 2 wildcards you guys are focusing on pretty hard in the questions, and I agree with you on both of them.

Yes, I -- let me give two cents. Yes, Bob, I've been involved in this business for a little longer than Bob has here. And I would say there are a couple of things going on. I think there is a fundamental flattening, and there's -- one of my concerns is -- these guys have been dealing with this issue. It's a cost of the new efficiency standards and the fact that people are now replacing units or repairing units versus replacement because -- to avoid the efficiencies change-ups and the price points of those units. 
So this trend has been going on for some time. I personally believe, and as Bob's company structured this thing, I think this is going to continue and it's not going to be unit growth, you're going to be price growth or the dollar value to growth. And that's what we're going to see as you guys go forward with your new replacement. But that's what's going to happen here is, it's going to be a technology value play because I think the cost of the new efficiency units, the new refrigerants, are going up, and it drives down the underlying unit volume. And that's what we've been seeing for quite some time. And I think that's going to continue, to your point.

I think people are looking at replacements in 20 years, I think, Rob. I think they're going to try to drive these units as long as possible. To your point, I think that's what's going to happen. I mean, between the refrigerants and efficiencies, I think people are going to try to hold on to the units as long as possible, and that's going to drive a unit -- so therefore, you're going to have to make it up in cost, you're going to have to make it up in price points.

So we're going to [indiscernible] this thing because these are things that we -- as we look at the profitability, as we're changing our capital mix, as we do the capital allocation, Rob, as we look at the capital investments and the change in the structure of the company, that's going to have an altering to the free cash flow. So we'll make sure that we will cover that at the February meeting because that is one of our objectives. Can we -- we, as a company, have always been a very good cash flow generator. The question is as we drive our margins, as we rebase and we look at excess capital employed in the company and we take that out, can we make that capital -- or cash flow number even better. So I'm going to push on that until we finish our work here because that's one of the outcomes of the work we're doing, and that is clearly one of our objectives because we believe strongly cash will drive the value of our company and also allows us to give money back to our shareholders.

Are you in some place in the East Coast? China? Are you in Antarctica? Where are you?

The city with taxes, or did you say work? I can't even say it. It's taxes or work. Go ahead.

Correct. Correct.

Yes. I mean, there's a couple of things going on there. It does the carryover for the second half because we accelerated restructuring in the second half of the year. That's helping us in a big way, and we'll see that in the incremental margins. 
Two, the price/cost has definitely helped us in this scenario, a little bit better, more favorable from a price/cost, that's helping us. And we clearly look at the different type of mix. And we had some tough mix in the second half. So we're basically -- we always go back to normal mix. We don't plan on same tough mix. So I think that those are 3 things. 
But clearly, the biggest chunk of that would be the restructuring benefits we got from the acceleration from June, July, August, September. And I would say that's the biggest benefit. And then when we flow out the restructuring in the first quarter, we tell you what that number is, we'll start laying out the benefits, and you'll start seeing those incremental benefits come forward in the second half of 2020.

Yes, this is going to mean -- yes, there will be some payback. And I mean, I don't think it's going to be dollar-for-dollar because it's -- we're not in a full year. But I would say at least $0.50 on the dollar would be my estimate right now in this year.

So I do not have full Board approval yet on everything we're trying to do. What I told the Board is that we are still working the broad plans at each of the businesses. I've had first passes. I also have some of the initial work looking at it from a corporate standpoint and what we can do at the corporate, but it's not done yet. 
So what I told the Board is there's $70 million of activity we can do pretty quickly in this quarter, and I want to get on with it and they need to trust me as a long-time CEO, as the leader of this company, that we are not doing things that are damaging the company, going back to one earlier question. 
So I do not have full Board approval on the total plan. But what I push these guys pretty hard is what can we get done in the first couple of months of this year to really give us some headroom and some flexibility if things get sloppy. 
And so that's what the $70 million is. And you're right, I push pretty hard, but the Board does trust me that I'm not going to do something stupid. And then they'll see the whole review of all the plans as we go forward here. So they have not approved it. They just allowed me to take a big chunk and jump on the first start here based on my credibility and leadership of running Emerson for the last 19-plus years. So that's what it looks like, Jeff.

Well, the stuff we -- the stuff upfront right now are very quick. These are very quick actions, both Bob, Lal and we at corporate are doing. So the stuff that we're trying to do right now will be quicker and faster payback. And the really structural things will take longer in the second half of the year and more into '21. So what I ask the guys is find me the things that we could get on to very quickly, that we -- that make a lot of sense from -- that we would definitely do normally, but let's get them done as quickly as possible, and it gives me some time to deal with the longer structural issues and how we go about looking at that. We want to prove the -- I want the Board approval on those things. And so I think that's how we're looking at it. For the first 3, 4, 5 months, I'm looking at quick things we can do by going after some of the quick cost structures, which don't really take a lot of the Board approval process from the standpoint of going forward. So that's what we're looking at. I'm trying to get things quicker, and it gives us a little headroom from the standpoint of what's going on in the economy.

Josh, you're going to be my last guy here, and I apologize to everybody else, but it's longer questions. I have more people on the phone today. So I apologize for that. I will work very, very hard to get the rest of the people next time. I'll work it around. But we've been already past 1.5 hours -- an hour and 20 minutes. So -- but I want to -- Josh, you got your 3 questions, take your time, you're closing it. You're standing between all of us from getting a drink. Don't screw it up now. Come on.

It's more that we're looking at G&A expenses that maybe that we don't need to do and we have duplication. We're looking at things that both the 2 businesses do and the corporate do, are the things that we do from a frequency standpoint and in the process, are we -- we're sort of overdoing them and maybe we're spending a little bit more money. As we shrunk the company into 2 platforms and we trade off back and forth, where can we go after from a G&A standpoint. 
The structure stuff that we're working on very much is around the structure between the individual businesses, our facilities and maybe where we have too much capacity, too many facilities or maybe where we have too much of overlap from an organization standpoint, we may want to put organizations together. So we're looking at more of a structural from that perspective, and then we're looking at the cost structures in between all the G&As, benchmarking what we do as a company and what other companies do, and we make sure that we are -- we consider ourselves best-in-class, but are we doing things too much and can we look at costs we can take out. I mean, fundamentally, we run very high levels of profitability, as I pointed out, but I think we can run higher levels of profitability. And how do we make sure we do that without jeopardizing the control and the discipline, our planning process and the credibility and -- that we have as a company. So those are the things we're looking at, Josh.

Well, first, Josh, this cycle has just barely got started, and I don't think there's been any level of excess spending or capital that we've seen. From my perspective, I think they've been very rational. What they're doing right now is they're spending more money on short-term paybacks, sort of the KOB 3 to KOB 2. So I think there's a lot more discipline within the segment, and I'll let Lal talk here in a second. But I think it's a better process for us. And if they get some clarity around what's going to happen in China, some clarity on what the, let's say, the trade discussions are going to be, I think you'll see some of that capital flow out. And I know they have pressures on them relative to their capital allocation, but I also think they have the capital flexibility to invest for the future. 
And so I think the discipline standpoint has been much better here in the last 2 or 3 years, and this cycle has been truncated and pushed down, and I think it could pop back up in a nice way. So Lal, anything you want to add there?

I want to thank everybody. Tim is not going to go away. He'll be still with us. I think you'll still be with us in early February. He may be in a transition mode, but he's not going anywhere any time soon. So you guys will at least have a chance to be nice to him one more time. I wouldn't overdo it, but I appreciate everyone's patience. And I also want to thank all my shareholders and the sell-side analysts for giving me the time to talk about issues, what's going on, what you think about the company and what the Board should be thinking about. Those are very, very important inputs to us, and the Board truly appreciate them, and they were summarized by Tim, Mark and myself, and they got them, and they read them, and I want to thank everybody. And I look forward to seeing you guys real soon. Thank you. Bye.