Thank you, Colleen, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by thanking the nearly 90,000 Emerson employees around the world for their tremendous effort, passion and commitment to deliver the solid results we will speak about today. 
Over the past 4 months, I've had the opportunity to travel to several U.S. sites, including Houston, Chicago, Louisville, Ohio and Pittsburgh as well as visiting investors, customers and our teams in Germany, Denmark, Brazil and Mexico. I have to be honest, there is no substitute for being with our teams in person. I'm looking forward to this month's trips to India and Singapore. And I'd also like to thank our Board of Directors for their support and our shareholders for your trust in us. 
As an organization, we continue to make significant progress on all of our strategic imperatives aimed to accelerate value creation, culture, portfolio and execution. Our culture evolution continues in earnest. We are launching our efforts with new listening tools, a modernized employee value proposition and a new reinvigorated talent engine. To this end, on August 1, we hired our first Vice President of Culture, Kelli Clark, who joins our company at a crucial point in time and brings unparalleled experience and cultural transformation.
Turning to Slide 3. Emerson's portfolio transformation is well underway. And in the quarter, we made significant progress to create a higher growth, more diversified cohesive portfolio. We took 5 important steps. Number one, on May 16, we closed the AspenTech transaction. We are very excited about the synergy opportunities, which are sized at $160 million in the funnel and the projects won to date. Number two, AspenTech announced an agreement to acquire Micromine, the first transaction under the new structure. Micromine is an Australian-based exploration to optimization software offering, well positioned to benefit from the minerals required to fuel the renewable revolution. 
Number three, we announced and closed the acquisition of Fluxa, a critical life science process knowledge business, highly synergistic with our industry-leading DeltaV system. Number four, on May 31, we closed the TOD sale. And last, 5, yesterday, we announced the sale of InSinkErator to Whirlpool Corporation for $3 billion or an 18.1 multiple of adjusted EBITDA. Prior to turning to Slide 4, allow me to say a few words about our execution. This was a solid quarter, and I feel incredibly positive as we go into the fourth and into 2023.
June trailing 3-month underlying orders were plus 10%, driven by Automation Solutions at plus 13%. Third quarter underlying sales grew 7%, driven by the Americas, which grew 14%. This performance occurred despite lockdowns in Shanghai, which impacted 6 plants for 2 months and continued challenges with electronics availability. Together, the 2 factors resulted in $180 million sales impact in the quarter or 5 points to the Automation Solutions segment sales. 
Adjusted EBITA improved 20 basis points with improvement in both platforms. Operating leverage in the quarter was 27%, and we are well on track to exceed our 30% target for 2022. Adjusted EPS was $1.38, including $0.08 contribution from AspenTech. Although free cash flow conversion in the quarter was 100% adjusted for nonoperating and onetime items, operating cash flow was down, driven by working capital investments in inventory and receivables. 
Let's now turn to Slide 4, please. In addition to the portfolio, Emerson has also made tangible steps in our ESG journey. Recently, we have established a target to reach net zero greenhouse gas emissions across our value chain by 2045. In the near term, our objective is to reach net zero in our operations and reduce our Scope 3 emissions 25% by 2030. Our 2021 ESG report, which can be found on emerson.com, includes more detail on our target, which is aligned with the net zero standards set by the Science Based Target initiative. Our goals are bold, and we have credible road maps that include many of the solutions, technologies and expertise we offer our customers and the critical industries we serve. 
Please turn to Slide 5. I am particularly excited about the opportunities in the renewable space. As I said, our portfolio is broadly relevant as an enabling technology across a broad segment of the world's economy. This includes electrification efforts such as heat pumps as well as strong sustainability funnel in Automation Solutions that has grown to $1.5 billion, inclusive of decarbonization, energy efficiency, emissions management and new energy investments in wind, hydro, solar and hydrogen. 
I'll share a few examples on this slide. First, starting on the left, Emerson was recently selected at Mitsubishi Power to automate the world's largest green hydrogen production and storage facility. The Advanced Clean Energy System (sic) [ Storage ] hub will convert renewable energy into storable hydrogen, which can subsequently be dispatched and converted to electricity when required. Emerson automation and software solutions were selected based on industry expertise in our leading digital portfolio. This is a first-in-kind facility and will be capable of producing 100 tons of green hydrogen per day with storage capacity for 300 gigawatt hours of energy. That's equivalent to 150x the current lithium battery storage in the United States. 
Next, in the middle, along with Neste Engineering Solutions, we were chosen to provide automation technologies and software to Fintoil for the world's third largest tall oil biorefinery. The advanced biofuel and biochemical facility will refine a byproduct of the wood pulping process to produce sustainable feedstock for biofuels, chemicals and pharmaceuticals. The expected annual capacity of 200,000 tons will create a 400,000 ton reduction in carbon emissions. That represents roughly 1% of Finland's total emissions. 
Lastly, Emerson was selected by Albioma, a French energy provider, to enable the transition of its flagship coal-fired Bois-Rouge plant to 100% renewable energy. Emerson's automation system and software will help convert the existing coal-fired power plant controls to utilize biomass feedstock. In doing so, this project will result in a 640,000 ton reduction in carbon emissions, part of Albioma's plan to reach almost 100% renewable energy by 2030. These projects and our net zero targets represent our continued progress in our greening of and greening by framework that Mike Train has introduced. 
And lastly, before I turn it over to Frank, on Slide 6, I'd like to highlight a few exciting investments we've made in operations around the world. Our regionalization strategy and operational excellence served us well through the pandemic and in the current challenging supply chain environment. We continue to drive operational excellence with investments like the 3 shown here. Starting on the left, earlier this month, Emerson officially opened our new professional tools facility in Ash Flat, Arkansas. This is a 277,000 square foot facility, which will be used mainly for our Greenlee tools for electrical applications across North America. It currently employs 150 employees, and we will double the employment over the next 4 years. I'm very excited about this investment, and we were honored to have Governor Asa Hutchinson join us for the ribbon cutting. 
Next, in the middle, Emerson recently opened its Mahindra City, Chennai, India facility for fluid control and pneumatics. This is a 145,000 square foot facility which will help serve cross-sell, hybrid and discrete customers in India and surrounding Asian countries. And then lastly, we introduced a new Saltillo, Mexico manufacturing facility for our specialty valve technologies, assemblies and actuators using life sciences, metals and mining and other key industries. As with all these facilities, Saltillo will use state-of-the-art factory automation capabilities, environmental designs and include our own Emerson technology. As we close out 2022, I feel extremely positive about where we are as a business and where we are going. Our goal is accelerated value creation and we are executing on all the critical dimensions. 
With that, I will now pass the call over to Frank Dellaquila, who'll go through our detailed financial results in the third quarter.

Yes. Andrew, thank you. This is Lal. Sure. Look, we have a very active project funnel to begin with, and we worked very closely in conjunction with all world areas selling organization and the AspenTech channel. It's sized at $160 million today, and it's balanced in 3 ways: by world area, by industry, and by the technology. We've won to date slightly over $6 million of synergy projects that AspenTech into traditional Emerson customers and Emerson into traditional AspenTech customers. So it's growing. And there's line of sight for another, I would suggest, $10 million or so this fiscal year, depending on how things move over the next quarter.
We have been awarded but not booked a very large project as well that's sized at $40 million with a full automation suite and AspenTech in addition. So there's a lot of commercial activity. We have individuals at both AspenTech and Emerson that are responsible for delivering the synergy value and a lot of engagement. Just 1 last anecdote, Andrew. Last week, I met with the CEO of Ascend Chemical, who is not just a very strong DeltaV customer but a very loyal AspenTech customer and, again, spent time with Phil McDivitt simply to lay out the opportunities that we have as an organization as they digitize their plants and move to a top quartile performance. So a lot of great activity working at many different levels across the organization. and very excited about the synergies.

Look, I think, John, good question. Embedded in our guide is an assumption for -- if you just back into it about 32% operating leverage in Q4 for Emerson as a whole. That's of approximately 27% in Q3, up to 32%, I believe, in Q4, a little higher perhaps. So we feel really good about how the businesses are executing and the conversion. Obviously, we're working off a very attractive cost structure in automation, which should benefit us as we go through the quarter. Go ahead, Frank.

And just to stand corrected, the 32% leverage would be the full year calculation, 35% approximately in Q4. Sorry, John.

Sure. Good question. Yes, obviously, the quarter was challenging in China for us. The lockdown has had a significant impact in both demand and execution. And that was reflected in the sales results that we shared with you. Having said that, we rebounded very aggressively in the month of June in terms of economic activity, and that has continued through early part of this quarter as well. So I am relatively optimistic about particularly the automation segment, which had been on a very significant run in China that, that continues as we go through Q4. 
There is a very attractive funnel of projects in China, driven by availability of, for lack of a better term, cheap Russian oil and gas coming into the country and investments into sustainability and renewables that are also being driven, including, I think, John, the largest electrolyzer project in the world is actually in China. In terms of Europe, look, our Western European performance was actually quite positive through the quarter. We obviously had -- it was offset by Russia and parts of former Soviet Union that were impacted, obviously, during the war. But the Western European climate continues to be relatively resilient with growth in the quarter and expect the growth as we go into Q4.

There is no doubt that the market has been better than expectations, John. I think if you went back to when we first talked at the beginning of the year, we expected that orders to moderate significantly. In climate, that hasn't occurred to the pace that we expected. So that's a pleasant surprise. There's a lot of resiliency with upcoming changes in regulations that are driving now investments in this space as well. So I feel better than I did at the beginning of the year, and there's a proven resiliency there across all segments of the business, of course, watching the residential demand very, very carefully.

Yes. No, I'll be happy to. So the total project funnel is sized at $6.8 billion. That consists of about 440 projects between now and 2020 at the end of 2024. So that's kind of the visibility that we have today. As -- you're absolutely right. There was a lot of movement within the funnel as we went through the quarter, including projects that were booked, projects that were added. And then almost $0.5 billion of projects value that we'll remove from the funnel, about 13 projects, the majority of which were impacted in Russia with a Baltic chemical complex and a Baltic LNG project that were in the funnel. So those are the big removals, but in terms of the project basically funnel size, essentially flat, but what did get relatively larger within it was the renewables value of the funnel, which grew from $1 billion to approximately $1.5 billion today. So it's very encouraging to see and our activity continues to increase significantly in that segment.

Yes. Scott, Lal here. Absolutely. It's not dissimilar to an automation scope that we would discuss relative to a traditional carbon-based project. So that would include control. It includes now the opportunity for AspenTech on the analytics and optimization. But of course, at the core, we have our funnel control elements, which are very relevant here and our sensor elements. So flowmeters, pressure transmitters, level. So it's the full automation scope that we bring to bear. A project like this can be as sizable as high as over $50 million, potentially as we execute it but it has that type of an opportunity.

Jeff, good to hear from you. No, I think it's a good question. We are on a journey and across all 3 of the strategic imperatives that I described. And along all 3 of them, I think, we've made significant progress, and I appreciate you recognizing that. In terms of the portfolio, my commitment to our shareholders has been that by the latest on November 29 at our investor conference, we will portray the future state of the business and what we envision to be the end state of this journey. In the meantime, we will continue to look at opportunities and execute along a few dimensions, which I'm not really free to speak about at the moment.

Yes. I'll give you some -- I'll ask Ram to add some color as well. I feel really, really positive about the price realization in Automation Solutions. And as you know, Jeff, this is almost a decade now within that business segment that we've had positive price. The products and solutions continue to be highly differentiated from a customer perspective. The installed base at over $120 billion is very relevant and that replacement market has significant pricing elasticity in it and drives our ability to take price forward. Having said that, obviously, we have been in an incredible inflationary environment. We will continue to drive price where we can across the product families. But we also have to drive operational improvements so that our customers can realize value from improved activity. But I feel good about the environment we're in and ability to capture the value that's out there. Ram, color?

Yes. Sure, Nicole. So KOB 3, the quarter set at 62% of automation. So it's been relatively consistent in that 60% range. We expect it to be right in that 60% range as we go through the year. The project activity is very robust and continues to be. We have active engagements across EPCs, particularly Bechtel, who's taken a significant number of the new LNG jobs in Texas and Louisiana, and those are in design phase and engineering phase right now. But again, it is combined with a significant investment in the sustainability efforts as well along, emissions, carbon capture and energy efficiency. And then the last one is the North America shale environment is improving, and that's driven by gas demand. It's just very positive. And that's both for U.S. capacity in chemicals and for Mexico as well.