Thank you very much, Pete. Appreciate your inputs. Pete wants to be called Commander Pete, and he's got a new name, come with a military background. I didn't have to deal with this with Tim. But Pete, I do. By the way, I did see Tim today. We had a Board call, and Tim was in Germany with my German Director, and his family has arrived in Germany. He's the President of Professional Tools in Germany. He's doing well, and his family are now there. And his kids will be going to school live. And so it's good to see Tim. He seem to be pretty happy today. And I never had to call him Commander, but again, he couldn't kill me with 2 fingers like you.
With that, I want -- on the order trend chart, as I would say, the trends for orders were pretty much in line to what we thought would happen in the quarter from a month-by-month basis. Clearly, you can see Commercial & Residential has seen -- found the bottom in the month of June. I think you'll see that, that has improved again in the month of July. I'll let Bob talk about that. Lal continues to -- seem to be stabilizing around this bottom. And I'll let him talk a little bit about his businesses. But overall, month by month, we saw the quarter unfold exactly like we thought it was going to unfold relative to orders, relative to sales. Margins came in much better as you've seen from the cost reset actions and to what we call the COVID-related savings. Therefore, cash flow came in better, too. Overall, execution was extremely good.
And I really want to thank the global leaders relative to their strength of operations throughout the quarter. I want to thank the whole team around the world. As you know, the OCE and top 10 or 15 people in this building, at the corporate headquarter, never left the building. We now have the whole building back. We have our campus back. Obviously, from time to time, we might lose somebody, but we're all here. Operations are working around the world. We have not had really many hiccups. We've lost a couple of days here and there in Bob's case and in Lal's case. But overall, great execution by the team around the world as I share that with the Board, and we are acting and running this company live, in person, in our offices as best that we can, not everywhere but as much as we can. And I really thank them for what they have done because it's been a very challenging quarter.
As you know, we laid out our forecast in mid-April. We went out early. We executed around the plans from an order standpoint, sales, manufacturing. And we really, really did a great job around the cost reductions both from the reset actions, which we started last June, which we have accelerated, and we'll talk a little bit more about those; two, the COVID-related adjusted savings from the onetime cuts, the furloughs, delays in salaries, obviously, no travel, entertainment, all those things, and we'll talk more about those. All those came in very well and helped us from a profitability standpoint.
But in particular, what I was extremely pleased to see is, as we laid out that detailed major cost-reduction reset program back in February to the shareholders but to the Board last year in August time period, they really have stayed ahead of it, and they've actually increased the numbers. You'll see that in the charts coming up. And that's not easy to do in an environment where you're not able to travel. You have hard times having meetings, but these guys have done a phenomenal job relative to really driving those programs forward.
We're in a different phase right now. We're in the phase of actual consolidation of facilities, shutdown facilities, new facilities, we're moving stuff at this point in time versus the initial phase, a lot tougher phase. And both of the businesses are on track and I think are doing extremely well, and I'm very pleased with that. With the effort in the quarter, which was better than I thought from the earnings, better than I thought from a cash flow, we have raised the year. We have confidence in the year. And I'll let Bob and Lal talk a little bit about that.
But really, from the execution on operations, we really did a great job. And from that perspective -- but I just was pleased to see from the standpoint of that execution and what we saw, and we'll see as we go into the quarter. I think from my standpoint, our -- I think that we will see some strength emerge from the businesses. I think the profitability will continue to do well. And I think that, look, we're going to have a very good order from that standpoint.
And what I'd like Bob and Lal to talk about briefly here first, about the orders first, and then we're going to go in to talk a little bit about the quarters. But Bob, why don't you give them a little color what you're seeing right now in orders, and Lal, you do the same thing? And then we'll go into a couple of other charts here.

Yes. I think, Bob, one of the key issues we talked about on the lines -- I've had a lot of investors on the line over the last 2 or 3 months is we knew the bounce would happen. The question -- the key issue for us is to keep these factories going. And that's what Bob's right now is very focused because, on a global basis, this demand is coming back, and what we want to make sure is we deliver on that demand and not miss this bounce. And we've gone through these before. And I think that right now, his teams are very much focused on that. I've been to a couple of the sites, and they're all getting ready for a sequential bounce this quarter, and that's going to be a key milestone for us from that perspective.

Yes. Lal, do you want to give -- obviously a different part of the cycle and -- from that perspective, but you are, I would say, forming the bottom at this point in time, and you clearly have the same issues, relative mix, but you have broad industry capability. So why don't you give them a flavor of what you see relative to your orders right now before we can get into sales of the global businesses.

Thanks. As we expected, we would expect Lal to lag in the cycle. He went down slower. He did not have a minus 20% in the early stages. He could easily have that in a quarter and a month here. But he's in a different cycle right now, but I feel very good about where they sit. And we're starting to see pretty good insights around that.
We go on the next chart, Chart 19. If you look at the underlying sales, from our perspective, we were dead-on from the underlying number that we talked about for the quarter, maybe slightly better than we thought originally. You can see that what we're going into now in the fourth quarter, very similar to what we had before but I would say just slightly better. I think Bob's business, he'll talk a little bit about it here in the next chart or 2, was slightly better. I think Lal's business is going to be -- the key issue for him is going to be backlog reduction.
But as we move in this trend line and, directionally, right now, what we're seeing based on the customer input, based on economic trend lines, based on the opening of the world is that we have a chance to go positive in the second quarter in sales, slightly positive. It will be -- everything has to move right. But last quarter, I wouldn't have been able to say that to you. Right now, it looks like that's the case, and things have to go the right way. But overall, the direction and the trend lines of this cycle feel pretty well understood at this point in time, and we're managing around that. And we're having to really allocate a lot of resources because we have businesses -- within Lal's business, were up 20%, like, in life sciences or in power, he's very strong. And Bob's got businesses, too, that are growing right now.
So we're having to move resources around, and we're having to be very careful relative to our plant restructuring and modernization as we see this trend line change. And it's very interesting. I've been around a long time, as you all know, as CEO and at Emerson. I've never seen a cycle quite like this where we've had sudden surges in certain pieces and other pieces drop off. So it's really -- by being together as a management team day to day and looking at each other eyeball to eyeball, no spitting but just eyeball to eyeball, we are -- we have a chance to actually manage this very well. And I feel good about it.
So what I'd like to do is turn to Lal first and give a little bit of update on your chart relative to what you see as underlying growth in China and what you see as your point of inflection right now, but I think he feels very good about what's happening.

One of the interesting things Lal showed today to the Board, just to give you an information, you had 5 customers, you did a lot of workaround looking at the trend lines of cars, where you can pick up trend line of cars, how many people on the factory. Factories are operating at 30%, 40% levels. And you can directly correlate that to our sales of those individual factories, which was pretty interesting insights that you shared with the Board today.

Okay.

Bob, why don't you give an update on what you see unfolding in the quarterly sales at this point in time?

Yes. Thank you. Appreciate that. If you go to the next chart, one of the things we wanted to do is lay out and give you the detail by the first half, second half what we call the reset restructuring. I want to make sure the whole total program is well understood, both what's in it, what's going to be moved around both this year and next year. Also, we want to give you insights relative to what we call the COVID-related savings, which are from actions we took from furloughs, to pay cuts, to bonus cuts, to also no traveling and all the different things that unfolded in the COVID number, which, for this year, it's worth about $150 million to us.
But if you look at the total program that we've laid out over the last -- since February to the outside world, you can see in '19 -- 2019, we spent $95 million. This year, we're spending around $300 million. I believe that's up a tad during the last time we talked, and we're looking at $125 million, which is again up a little bit from what we talked about as we continue to really focus on the programs and the reset programs, which are permanent program actions, which we've got benefit already. We're already feeling it.
As you can see, the savings and the reset program in the first half was $75 million. In the second half, it's going to be $145 million. And if you go into next year, it's going to be $210 million in total. So it's a very important program, and it's actually working. And then we're going to have benefits in '22 and '23 from the initial -- of the actions that are going on right now at the facility levels around the world, which take longer to get done. But overall, our payback, our cost -- total program's going to be around $500-plus million of restructuring. And we'll have over $500 million of savings from the reset program, ignoring the COVID-related areas.
On the chart, you can see what we talk about, as we look at -- we want to give you an estimate. We see, as business does come back, it's a function of how fast business comes back, how fast we can travel again and what we can do. But right now, our best estimate is we have $150 million savings this year from COVID-related, $70 million of that will start flowing back. We're -- the pay cuts we took in place, the furloughs, all those things will start reversing here. And they will start flowing back into the P&L. It will be a headwind for us. But right now, our best guess at this point in time is $70 million to $150 million will flow back in over time in 2021. If growth takes off faster and we're able to travel, clearly, those numbers will shrink, and we'll have more cost coming back into the P&L next year. But it's our best guess at this point in time as we look at it.
But I wanted to make sure you had a distinction between the reset cost-reduction programs, which are really well done by the global organizations, both in Lal's side and Bob's side and also corporate, and then also what we see going on on the COVID-related. So you've got a lot of detail there, and you can track everything that's going on at this point in time. But I think it's necessary for you to understand what's going on. And a lot of hard work, when I look at what the organization got done from a profitability standpoint this quarter, it really paid off all the work we did last year as we started. As we continue to go forward, our margins, our cash flow is better. It's allowing us to stay on track relative to the savings despite sales being down as hard as they are at this point in time.
So I feel as we look at the next couple of months, the next, let's say, next 3, 4, 5, 6 months, I think we have a pretty good vision of what's going to unfold here. I see the savings flowing through. We are obviously going to be very cautious in how we put money back into it as we start seeing that growth happen. But we want to make sure that we are serving our customers, and we're making sure we support our customers around the world as we go forward.
But the organization on a global basis has had to do a lot of things without a day-to-day contact with leaders. I guarantee none of the leaders at the OC level have been able to travel into Europe. We've not been into Asia. We've not been in Latin America. I am starting -- I am traveling. Sorry, I am traveling in North America, as is Lal and Bob, and we're doing site reviews. We're getting out. We're actually -- the first time I got to walk a factory -- the first time I really felt safe walking our factory, one, I didn't want to contaminate people in the factory or them contaminate me, but we walked into a couple of factories here recently. This is important. Our people want to see -- in fact, I've been in 3 factories now in the last couple of weeks. People want to see us. And we're out -- it's important to go out for what they're doing in the factories today is not easy. And I really want to make sure they understand how much we appreciate that, what they're doing.
But that's where we sit. We feel good about it. It was a great quarter execution. I want to thank the team. They did a phenomenal job. I want to thank the OCE for standing by me, coming in the office every day, even though they may not want to go in the office every day, but we were here. And it's important for the people around the world that are in the office working very hard at this point in time. Factories are working well. And now we see the trend lines coming our way in Bob's business first and Lal will follow second. And I feel good about where we sit right now overall.
And let's turn the -- open the floor for Q&A, and let's go from there. Thank you very much.

Good to hear from you.

Yes, we do know that. Thank you very much, Scott, nice comment there. We're working on that issue.

I think that as we look at it right now, to be honest, I think we'll probably spend a little less this year, Scott. So I think we're forecasting around $550 million. I think it will probably be a little lower. The reason for that is the inability to travel and get to the projects and get them organized. And that -- those are very important projects. There's a lot of automation work going on right now. We have the plant repositioning. But what we want to do is use automation now. Because of the whole COVID situation and distancing and trying to get the production out of the facilities, we're going to be putting a lot more automation into these facilities as we relay them out.
So I would say our capital spending will be a little bit higher next year. But we're not going crazy on this because our volumes are still going to be, on average, down in total probably for the next year. And I think that -- but I would expect capital to be coming up as we go in to automate the facilities, as we have several new facilities underway. So I would say overall, betting man right now, slightly less than $550 million capital this year. Next year number, we'll be having a 6 in front of it, in my opinion. And it could be $600 million or $601 million, but I think that's where we are right now.
Our cash flow overall, you're exactly right. I think we'll be up a little bit. The fight -- issue next year is going to be the following. We are -- clearly, right now, receivables are going to start building because, sequentially, we're going to have a very strong fourth quarter. Sequentially, we're going to have a stronger fourth to first quarter because of what's going on here right now is what we feel. That's going to increase our receivables in the first half of the year, which is, from that standpoint, we'll make more earnings, we're going to have more receivables.
So our balance sheet, which we've been liquidating a little bit this year, will be a headwind for us next year. And those things we know, and we're obviously working on that right now. But I would say that we'll generate the cash. We'll be more than 100% free cash flow to earnings, but it will be a little bit tougher next year because of the growth, which is a good thing to have, growth in the balance sheet. So that's how I see it right now, Scott.

Yes. I think I'll let -- I'm going to answer first, and I'll let Lal answer. First, I would say the toughest visible market is North America oil and gas. And I think we're starting to see some of the formation of the bottom here a little bit. I think you see automation come in. The key issue for us right now is when will they start doing some work around the fields, around the facilities. And that will be the tough decision. We're not seeing it yet. And we've tracked this up day to day to day because this market has not turned up in the month of July, like the rest of the market that Lal saw. So I think that's what we see. I think that will be well into '21. But I wouldn't be surprised if MRO or our KOB 3 business doesn't pop at some point in time, it's so low at this point. But Lal, what's you're feeling on that?

Yes. So we have a lot of remote automation software equipment, and we see that being a great demand as they automate there. So there's an upside to this. We just got to get through it. And I feel good about where we are right now. I mean Lal's business is going through this trend. He's restructuring the heck out of things. Bob will come through this faster. He will spike faster. But I feel very good about where we are, and I feel extremely good and proud about the organization and having to deal with what's going on with them and not only worry about their families but worrying about being sick and worrying about the customer.
And the big decision right now for North America, Scott, to be very honest with you -- the OCE -- because the OCE gets together several times a week now -- is this whole school thing. We've got a situation where we have a lot of young parents, single parents, 2 parents, 2 parents working, single home parents with kids, and what do we -- how are we going to help them get through the school thing. Our schools -- our government tax dollars are not helping us here. And so business has to pick this up, and that's an important decision because we're not going to leave -- let our kids get hurt again in this environment. And that's a tough call that we're all making right now, one-on-one, looking at each in the mirror, to be honest. So with that, Scott, thank you very much.

Good, certainly. I'll comment first, and I'll let Bob comment. I think the key issue for us -- I think you're right, the order pattern is returning. Bob saw in mid-June. We saw it through July. I think it's across all of your business units had a pretty good July in orders. The big issue for us, Joe, is manufacturing output. You're taking the facility that historically would not be doing this much sequentially from quarter-to-quarter. We -- you obviously have attendance issues. You have issues relative to if you have a positive COVID in your plant. All these different things are working through us right now, and Bob and his team had the challenge of actually trying to improve output in an environment that -- where workers can be troublesome for us at this point in time. That's one of the biggest issues he has.
I think from the standpoint of -- we're being cautious relative to the recovery. Things have hit pretty well, the heatwave. So residential HVAC has taken off, and Bob can talk further about that. That's not unexpected when you get this type of heat, which we had the last couple of weeks. But at the same time, we've got to keep the plants up and running, and we've got to be able to serve. And that's the biggest issue we face at this point in time. Keep in mind, sequentially, I think we typically do, Frank, around 250, 300 from third to fourth quarter. This year, we're going to do 500. We're going to do 500. So we could be doubling or sequential growth rate from quarter-to-quarter, which is something that with the plants just getting ramped down, ramp back up is the challenge. But I think I feel optimistic about that. I think Lal will have the plant -- the question is can he get the book-to-ship and can he get the backlog out which, so far, he's done reasonably well in July.
Bob, any comment you want to add, any color on that from that standpoint?

Yes. Great. Joe, anything else you want to ask?

I think we did it in the third quarter. I feel very good that we'll do it again in the fourth quarter. The only thing that would be a problem would be a supply chain shock, which is, with Bob ramping up, he could have a supply chain shock. But I think right now, our cost controls, our reset programs, we've got great restructuring done in the third quarter. Obviously, the COVID -- I mean I feel very good that we'll be in the 20s again in the fourth quarter, I think, in the...

And you had -- both had plants in Mexico that we're paying people to stay home because the government asks us to make these people stay at home because they potentially could -- a risk. So we're paying people to stay at home.

So I think the one thing I'd be worried about out of all the stuff, to be honest, Joe, it's the supply chain. We -- as we start now ramping up here in the fourth quarter, can our supply chain keep up with [ our goals basically ]. And there's a lot of work going on that. And we've been working on it now for 2 months because we knew this was coming at us, and so we've been getting ready for it for 2 months. Thank you.

Not right now, John. I think that the big issue for us right now will be the balance of -- the net material inflation relative to price. Fundamentally, we see that we're going to have a little bit different environment next year. I think pricing will be tougher. And therefore, the net material inflation is going to be the key issue for us. So pricing will be tougher. That will be in the red. And then, therefore, we need to have positive net material inflation. This is not something that we didn't expect. We expected this to happen. I know both Bob's business, the corporate organization and Lal's business have been focusing on this. It's going to be a very important issue relative to next year because we're trying to get through the year, as we say, neutral, not have a slightly green or slightly positive or red number here. So right now, I think we're in pretty good shape. I feel good about the balance. I feel good about that $140 million number that we talked about there, so nothing really causing a big issue for us at this point in time.
So -- but the plan right now, I'd say, is a little bit red built into the plan. And I think that we're really working hard at the net material inflation at this point in time without stressing our supply chain too much because of what we got to expect in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter. One of the things you're going to see this year, which is a little bit different -- 2 things in the -- from the fourth to first, John, for companies thinking about this. So the year has been tough for companies, for companies like us. If there are programs out there that you get x dollars, you get rebates and stuff like that, no one is going to be earning rebates this year. So our customers are not going to be going and saying, "Let's pull into the quarter." They're going to be pushing. So we're going to -- that's one thing you're going to see. Secondly, sequentially from fourth to first, I think you're going to see consistent demand improvement in Bob's business. And so inventory will continue to be flowing into the channel, which normally we would not be seeing.
So those 2 things would say that we'd have a better first fiscal quarter or fourth calendar quarter because the trend line is what happened to us and the shock in the middle of the year. So there's a lot of things that we're putting on the table right now relative to our own planning, both in sales and also the S&OP, the manufacturing, because we know there's some moving parts relative to the way our customers are going to deal with this. And -- but right now, I feel good about the price cost, I feel good about our savings and just got to keep managing the day-to-day.

I'll let Lal answer that question because Lal's got the facts, I'd be making it up. And you know me, John, I don't want to make it up for you because you'll call me on the math on this one. So Lal, why don't you tell him how year-to-date KOB 3 looks versus KOB 2 and KOB 1? I think it's the kind of business that people don't know.

So one of the key issues here that we are tracking and is very tight on, in particular, going back to, I think Joe's question on the North America oil and gas, what we're watching very carefully is the order intake on a daily basis. This is important to us, in particular, in North America because that's where we're going to see the KOB 3 pop back up first. And when you're running a factory at 30%, 40%, with people in it, you're not doing much. But that's what we're watching because when that rate comes up, I mean it makes -- that tells us that the short-term stuff started kicking in, and our KOB 3 would be very good, and it helps our profitability. And we'd like to see some of that in the fourth quarter. We're not banking a lot in the fourth. We see it more in the first. But this sure would be a nice thing to have for us in the fourth because that would give us better leverage and better margins and better cash.

That's a good sign.

So that's what we're watching, John. And we have that in detail because we can tell you very quickly when these things are going to turn. I mean you could smell Bob's business. Like, we are out talking to his guys, they could smell it. Lal's business, we know it's being brewed right now. So it's coming.

Yes. And project-wise, since we're talking about KOB here, KOB 1, you've seen some pushouts, some cancellations, a lot of that new stuff.

So there's not been a lot of movement in the bubbles or the pipeline. But we do know that what we're going to be living off is KOB 3 and KOB 2 here for the next, I would say, 18 months because the projects are going to be smaller. And we're doing a lot of refresh right now with a lot of inputs. And I think we'll give you more input as to next quarter because there's not enough movement right now even to say it's changed that much. But it's clearly -- there's influx right now, but we don't -- we feel pretty good about where we sit at this point in time because there are new projects and installed projects. Overall, we're holding pat. Our backlog right now is still holding right in there, which is pretty good. It's not being canceled. It's holding right in. Next question. John, do you have another question?

Thank you very much, John.

The answer's yes. First of all, we did put a forecast out there, Andy, and we did hit our forecast from April 24. And so I had enough confidence to put our neck out there in the line, and we hit it, and we actually did a little bit better. Yes, we've had conversations. We are seeing the markets around the world. I would say the more cautious market on the industrial side is the U.S. But as you look into Europe, as you look into Middle East, as you look into Asia, China, we are seeing those markets, there's a lot more confidence of the incremental spending. And we're seeing that business get a little better. And so that's why we feel reasonably confident. Now we're not changing much of our forecast from what we laid out in April relative to the fourth quarter. It's very similar. I think the key issue will be as Bob -- going back to a couple of questions earlier, if Bob's business orders continue to hold, he's able to produce it, then I would say Bob's going to have a stronger quarter, and that bounce is coming back after it's down 20%, 30%, 40% in those -- some of those months.
So Andy, that's why we feel confident about it. We've been here and done this before. This turn is very similar to Bob's financial crisis turn. And Lal's business, a little bit different based on North America oil and gas. But I think we have enough confidence and enough, I would say, conservatism in the underlying sales forecast right now based on what we're hearing from our customers that we can say that. And that's how -- and we're very in tune to our customers right now. We're out talking to them. We're out visiting them.
And so Lal, anything you want to add there?

Yes. Being so broad an industry, we have a lot of industries doing better than other industries and -- so from that standpoint. And Bob said it right, I mean, they cut back so rapidly in Bob's business between inventory and shutdown, couldn't mix stuff, that we knew there was going to be a sharp bounce at some point in time, and that's what we're seeing right now. The question is, is it sustainable? And can we produce? And so that's what we see right now.

I think the -- what we're seeing right now is Lal's business, on a broad basis, is pretty good. And so I think he's going to see a pretty strong high single-digit growth as we go into 2021. The wildcard for us is Bob's business because the consumer in China has really pulled back in some of the programs. And the question will be when do they start spending money again, feeling confident of spending money. If you look at the air travel inside China, it's back pretty close to where it was before the COVID situation. Now international, no. But so the movement is starting to happen, and that will be a big impact for Bob as that starts happening. So we're waiting for a consistent improvement. I don't know what you saw in June and July, Bob, out of China. But he's being cautious at first. He does know he'll start getting easy comparisons. But what I'm trying to see is the underlying demand. So are you seeing any sense of improvement, from your standpoint, in China?

Yes. So I think what we're going to see, Andy, is Lal will have a very solid year next year as they continue to make investments both in the life science area, the power area, the energy area, some chemical area. I think Bob will be the wildcard. I mean will he be a 0? Or will he be a 10-plus? And so that will be the wildcard for Bob next year in China. But my gut tells me the spending will start coming as they see some stability in the consumer and some travel and investments. But we're in pretty good shape right there right now.

Yes. It's very hard. Thanks, Andy.

It's pretty hard. We've got 1 quarter on it right now -- or 2 quarters, let's say. I would say if I look at the Final Control business, I would say Ram and his team have done a phenomenal job in Final Control in the last several quarters both in execution -- I think that they'll probably end up down somewhere around 5% or 6% this year, both in orders and sales. That is better than historically. We would -- if you think about the combination of our Final Control and V&C, Final Control, they're doing much better. He's raising his profitability. His GP margins are doing better. His cash flow is doing better. So I would say, on that side of the business, we're winning. And I just had a site review with them, and I like both -- we're making technology investments. On the Systems side, I'd say we're doing pretty well. We had Systems this quarter, which we didn't -- not in there. But I would say in Systems, we're up for the quarter. What are we up overall?

Okay. So we're down 7% overall. Okay. So we had a decent quarter in Systems. I think in instrumentation, not much movement on that thing from that perspective. So overall, in a quarter, I feel good about where we are, but I'm thinking about the next 2 or 3, 4 quarters, I think we are well positioned. The key issue for us, Andrew, is the execution around the plant moves right now. The technology moves are pretty good, but the plant moves because if we -- that's how we lose share if we're not able to deliver. So the key issue for me right now, if we continue to invest and get the plant moves done, then as the economy gets better, I would say we're going to have a good move in the downturn, and we'll pick up share. But 1 quarter is a good sign, but we got several quarters more to go, but I like where we sit at this point.

They were positive.

That's right. They're positive. I got the wrong one. Okay. Next one, Andrew?

So it takes a lot of planning, let's put it that way. And we've moved some plans in and out based on the areas of where we can get people in and out. One of the problems we will face is that we're not able to fly resources around the world right now. So we're going to depend on our local resources, both in Latin -- in Americas or Asia or in Europe. And typically, we would be flying resources around. But from our standpoint, we probably -- we planned so that they're going to take a little longer, Andrew. And we have had a couple from the standpoint we might have moved a month or 2: one, as we work with the government; and also two, relative to resources. So on average, I would say they're on track. We've had a couple of slippage. But I think we've planned in -- this COVID thing was something we knew was coming at us. And so as we finalized the plans and we started moving these plans, we have that pretty well in shape at this point in time.
The big issue we would face, Andrew, to be all honest, if we had a huge breakout of COVID in, say, certain parts of the region we have a plan going into, that would clearly slow us down. Fortunately, knock on wood, we have not had that yet. But that's something we actually reviewed with the Board today, the more -- what I'd call the more challenging moves that we have underway, both in Lal's business and Bob's business, to make sure the Board understands the magnitude of what we're trying to do. As you know, we restructure all the time, but this is a much higher magnitude, and we are in the middle of COVID. But so far, the teams around the world have done a great job, and I expect them to execute on them, and I feel good about it.

Yes, go ahead.

You've got to pick the location, facilities and cities. And so that's what these guys -- we know where the facilities are. We know the customers. And it does seem to track pretty well.

Yes, it's nice that people are monitoring all of this right now. And so I go back and put the work, it makes me feel real good.

I think we have positive price this year. Price cost will be slightly positive. I mean these guys are looking at the chart right now. Frank would be the key for this. It'd be less than 1. I mean less than 1. We've had -- obviously, with a good net material inflation, and we had pricing set in earlier on, I think that will cause us to have to give some of it back next year.

Yes. So overall, Steve, I think it would be less than...

Yes, less than 1% positive.

That's price cost.

Yes. Yes. And I think we're tracking pretty well right where we said to you at the beginning of the year. Yes.

Our customers.

So Steve, right now, I think we see a couple of quarters of pretty good demand here, a little bit different. Again, the key issue for us, like with them, when I -- we're shipping right now. We're keeping up with them. It's a strong demand. We're keeping up with them. The big issue to us is, clearly, if all of a sudden you had an outbreak in where our plants are located and their plants are located, a supply chain disruption, right now, we are -- we went from basically not producing much to full out, to what you're talking about. And so that's where we are at this point in time. We are able to keep up with them, and we're working it pretty hard. And the key issue for us is we've got to keep those plants running, and we've got to keep the plants running safely. It's one thing to run a plant full out when you're in a non-COVID environment. When you're in a COVID environment, you have to be very, very careful to not stretch the workforce and also have something get in there and create an environment where you have half the plant come down with COVID.
So we're running hard right now, and we're keeping up with them. But I'm always concerned that one break as we've seen it, both at our customers' level and our level. So this is something I feel the demand is there, and we're going to see it for the next couple of quarters, and we'll keep going at it. And so someone said the housing market's going to be pretty good, and so we're going to see construction and things like that and repair. Just -- we just got to keep the plants running and the supply chain going, which right now we are.

Yes, $0.5 billion.

So right now, we're going to keep the hold on the share repurchase for the rest of, I would say, this quarter. And then we reviewed it with the Finance Committee this morning. We'll review it again, the next finance -- coming in at the end of this fiscal year. Right now, we are focusing very much on acquisitions. We have several things underway. As you said, they are freeing up and working that. If we get into a period that we're not able to close acquisitions and we see, obviously, from a cash flow standpoint, that we have the flexibility to do the share repurchase, we'll quickly go to that. But right now, as we talk to the Board, we're focusing pretty hard at some unique opportunities around the acquisition front that we'd like to get done here in the next quarter or so. So that's what we're looking at. But if they don't happen, obviously, we generate cash, then we'll look at, again, reinstituting the share repurchase. Most likely, we will reinstitute the share repurchase in fiscal '21, but I don't know the magnitude of it right now. It really is a function of can we close any acquisitions here in the rest of this calendar year. So that's how we're looking at it, Julian.

$4.8 billion.

Which is a normal trend for us.

Yes. So this is pretty -- I mean it's going pretty well. The orders are pretty well holding up there. The project business is going in there, and it's not cancellation. So our backlog's holding in there nicely. And Lal, and particularly around Final Control and in Systems, they're executing the backlog, and that's a good sign for us. And I think that's going to hold -- it will start building again as we go into next year. But this is...

Yes, the plants are up and running well right now. I'm more worried about some of Bob's business. Bob's had some businesses that have been jerked around. When you go minus 40 to plus 20, that's pretty tough to do in a plant level, especially if you've got COVID floating around out there. And so that's the concern we have with Bob.
But overall, I think that, as I wrap it up here, I want to -- again, I want to thank everyone joining us today. Again, I want to thank everybody out there across Emerson who worked so hard to make this quarter happen. We delivered a quarter we laid out. We were one of the few companies that laid it out as we did. We delivered it. We did better job execution around the cash flow and the earnings. And I feel very confident that we are well structured to go through this final quarter and really have a good rest of this calendar year, which would be our first quarter, too. And so it's just a question of where this thing, trend line, goes and just working hard to keep things going, get the restructuring done, generate the earnings and then also make sure we make those long-term investments we have to make.
So I feel good where we sit today. Earnings, cash and momentum is on our side. Organization is pretty strong. And so I look forward to a good finish to the year, and we'll go forward with that. And I appreciate everyone joining us today. Thank you very much.