Thank you very much. I want to welcome all the Emerson investors this afternoon and the analysts that follow Emerson in our markets we serve as we discuss our first quarter results and what we expect for the full year.
I also want to thank all the Emerson leaders around the world and for all the Emerson employees that make this -- made this quarter happen and are implementing the total aggressive cost resetting programs to make Emerson stronger, more competitive as we deal with this challenging and uncertain global industrial and commercial markets. Thank you very much for your efforts.
As you can see from the first quarter press release, it's been a busy, busy first quarter executing around our 2.5-year cost resetting efforts. As you know, we accelerated the fourth quarter cost resetting by about $35 million. That money and those savings are flowed into this year, built into the plan originally and from a savings dollar for dollar, maybe a little bit more than a dollar per dollar based on the -- it was a headcount reduction program. 
In the first quarter, we did $97 million. Part of that includes corporate, where we took down the Emerson plane fleet to 5, and we sold the helicopter. We are expecting, for the total year, around $215 million of restructuring. And in total, you'll see next week well over $420 million, $425 million of cost reductions during this time period, over this 2.5-year time period, with savings well north of $425 million. And we're expecting incremental savings on the first quarter restructurings around $50 million. The big issue now is we're starting to attack and go after the excess facilities and the higher cost structures will pay back more in '21 and '22. But we're going to continue to drive -- and you could see well into the second half this year and well into 2021.
We will have over dollar for dollar savings when it's all said and done, and the execution is going pretty well at this point in time. I'm pleased with it. We reviewed with it at great detail yesterday with the Board. Well more than 3.5 hours of details with the Board as they understood what we're doing to make sure we're taking permanent cost actions, permanent cost setting and not damaging the core quality of investments, the technology and the customer service support that we have out there, not damage the long-term viability and franchise businesses that we have at Emerson. 
As you know, we have our annual investors conference next week in New York City on February 13. It's going to be -- not be on Valentine's Day. It's unusual for me. So you guys get -- make sure you do everything special for your spouse that evening, but we're going to be doing our call -- our investors conference in the morning. 
Details around the global cost resetting to drive the new peak margins, we laid out very detailed with a lot of growth -- the very little growth environment. You'll see what we're trying to undertake and how we're trying to do it, the timing, the annual savings when they're flowing in, when we're going to reach those margins from an EBIT basis, in an EBITDA basis.
At the same time, we're taking very significant actions around the corporate headquarter structure not only here in St. Louis but around the world as we look at best ways to optimize our cost structure, looking between the Automation Solutions and the Commercial & Residential.
This is driven internally by the key leaders, the business leaders and the corporate leaders, but also with the support of McKinsey as we looked at how we could optimize Emerson's efficiency, effectiveness and profitability to drive record levels of margins by each of the major business units. Lal, Bob and I will put more color on this next Thursday, but we have very good progress. 
As you can see, in the second half of this year, Automation Solutions margins are starting to pop up. Bob took after this last year, Bob and his team, Bob Sharp, and they're already seeing improvement in the underlying profitability of the businesses. So the actions are taking hold, and they're doing a good job, and we'll talk a lot more about that as we go forward.
But as the global Emerson employees know and know full well, we are fast in the execution mode right now. And we cannot depend on the fact that there's no growth out there. We are figuring out how to grow our profitability, how to grow our earnings and grow our cash flow in a no growth, low growth or maybe a negative growth environment.
I'm ignoring the coronavirus right now. Both Mike Train and I will talk a little bit about this and what we see at this point in time. But it's definitely, definitely going to have an impact in the near term, medium term, and potentially, long term as we look at this. 
As you could see, our total orders are trending in the plus 2, minus 2 range right now, trending right now towards the 0 as we look at the current month in the current quarter. It tells me that we are trending very tightly in the range that we've laid out for underlying sales.
We continue to look for those catalysts that drive up in North America and other markets of the world. But as I look at the world order pace, I look at the sales pace right now, North America is weak, weaker than we thought. Western Europe is about in line, 2% to 3%. Eastern Europe's down, primarily driven by Russia and Turkey. The Middle East and Africa, which we were just in, was -- is doing better, and several large projects are happening underway. In Asia Pacific, as of the middle of January, was trending pretty well and had pretty good growth in the first quarter, and we still look at pretty good growth for the full year there.
My concern as I look at the next couple of quarters is, I don't see the catalyst that drive the fundamental pick back up in the U.S. at this point in time. I don't see Canada, nor have I seen Mexico and other parts of Latin America. What we're trying to do right now is control our destiny through our costs and cost resetting to figure out how to drive better earnings and cash flow through this cost reset. If growth comes and we get it, so be it, but we're going to have to fight, I believe, all year long for incremental pockets of growth and things are continuing to happen to us.
As you could see, the global markets are not easy at this time. They're definitely not easy. I do see opportunities for growth out there. But I don't see how and when we will get to those levels at this point in time. I know people believe there will be a stronger second half. But from my standpoint, right now, I'm not betting on that. This company is betting on very low growth, moderate growth or no growth, and we're driving the actions necessary around that. 
Operating cash flow will be good. You saw the first quarter. We had very good operating cash flow for the first quarter. Some of that was trapped, in my opinion, working capital on the balance sheet. We also had some cash flow based on taxes. Frank had done some restructuring, Frank and his team, restructuring taxes that flowed through in that first quarter. That should continue to help us as we go into the first half of this year. 
Overall, I think our cash flow is going to be up nicely in the $3.15 billion to $3.2 billion. Right now, as we reviewed with the Board, and how we see this, assuming no significant acquisitions, we're going to pay back $1.2 billion in dividends. We're working on our 64th year of increased dividends. Our dividend ratio, as you look at free cash flow, is dropping down below 50. Our share repurchase somewhere around $1.5 billion, assuming no significant acquisitions at this point in time. So close to 85% of our cash flow should be repaid back to shareholders in support of what we're trying to do with our shareholders. 
Again, if we have the opportunities for acquisitions, we'll take them. We're also assuming higher capital spending this year. We've raised capital spending up to that $650 million range, $650 million range, in support of the actions we're taking as we build new best cost locations around the world, as we've continued to reset our facility structure and our cost structure. 
Our acquisition funnel right now is pretty small. People are very nervous about selling assets at this point in time with the uncertainty around the cycle now with China situation. We have, in the process, we're in the process right now of closing 2 nice little bolt-on acquisitions worth about $120 million of sales -- or not sales, $125 million of value purchase price, both -- one in Automation Solutions, one in Commercial Residential Solutions, both in the control element part of the pyramid that we always talk about. 
While Mike and I are joined -- and we're going to tag team a little bit on China, give you some insights to this. Let me give a brief overview, then I'm going to turn over to Mike, and we'll go back and forth here. 
The China situation first, I want to say something to all my employees. We have 11,000 employees there. We are in constant touch with them. We have the ability to communicate to 80,000 of our employees on an ongoing basis, every minute, every day.
Our hearts are going out with all the people that are locked up in their apartments right now. Fortunately, we are all safe at this point in time. But clearly, they're in their apartments. They're working, communicating, obviously, by phone, by e-mail, as they try to figure out how do we get ready to get going as we come out of this? But our thoughts are with them at this point in time, and it's a concern that we have relative to all our employees, not only there, but also around the world. 
As I look at this right now, it will be a negative impact, and I'll let Mike go through some points here. But from my perspective, assuming that they do allow us to start manufacturing again, and we start, you can see in the supply chain, again, on February 10, I still believe we'll have somewhere between $50 million and $100 million of sales impact. 
Now folks, I'm giving you my feel for knowing China and my feel for what I think is going to happen. If this extends, that number will go up, but I'm just giving you my feel. As I look at the sourcing situation we'll show you, I am concerned about the start-up of this, and Mike will give you some numbers around that. I'm concerned about the customers and how fast they'll come back up in lot.
We also have a lot of our customers that do a lot of manufacturing and shipping out of there, and we have componentry in there, and I'm concerned about some of that work going on. My perspective is, as I look at the number of $50 million to $100 million right now, some of that will be permanently lost, depending on Bob Sharp's business and the heating system marketplace. Once the heating system is gone, you're going to wait for the next year. 
I firmly believe that Automation Solutions, assuming this doesn't go too long, should make it up before the fiscal year is done or within the calendar year. But again, what I'm looking at right now is the feel that we have based on how long we're going to be shut down and our sort of estimate of how quick this thing will start up.
So Mike, why don't you give them a couple of facts, then we'll go back and forth and talk a little bit more?

Yes, we can.

How much do we have in our supply chain right now, both for China, Mike?

We'll do that. Thanks. Thank you, Mike. As I look at this, I referred to the Board yesterday and today, for the people -- I'm aging myself here, the Apollo space programs, in the 5 or 6 minutes, we have their reentry blackouts. We are in that reentry blackout period for China right now. We do not know what we don't know at this point in time. But clearly, the organization for China, who I know are listening on this phone or will be listening on this phone when they get -- wake up, are doing everything they possibly can to get ready right now. 
I just know that the supply chain, the uncertainty, logistics, all these different things, there's a lot of moving parts, the sub-supply chains, the feeders to our supply chain, there's a lot of components here. So for people not to think that it would not be a negative short term, I don't think they're thinking straight. It will be a negative. It will be a negative for the global economy. It will be, potentially, bigger, if it doesn't get started if this thing drags on long time. But right now, our feeling is right, it's not going to drag on. But we're just getting ready for it, and we're trying to get -- we're planning everything around this, so we can execute and make sure they have the resources they need to get the job done. 
They're all geared up to come back to work. We'll give you an update on the 14th as we look at -- on the 13th, I'm sorry, as we look at what happens at 10th, 11th and 12th because we'll get a good feel for this. My gut tells me, it will be a slow recovery, and they'll get their act together and things will happen. But again, we are in that Apollo space program reentry, 5 to 6 minutes, where no one knows what's going on. And when I talk to you on the 13th, you'll give me, "Houston, we're live." and we'll talk about that. 
So again, that's how we see at this point in time. I don't want to scare people. But it's the facts. We do a very major business in China. We're very strong in China. We have a good sense of China. I have -- Mike and I have both managed and worked in China for many years together as a team, and we've spent a lot of time there. And we're supporting our employees, we're supporting the government, we're supporting our government as we try to work through this. But that's where we sit at this point in time. And we'll keep you informed. 
So I want to thank all the employees. I want to thank the Board's engagement. And I also want to thank the shareholders' engagements that I've been having in the last several months, and I will continue to have with our shareholders.
With that, we'll open the lines and we'll take some Q&A to see if we can get some clarity around the concerns and questions people have out there. Thank you.

Correct. Correct.

I would say it's in the plus or minus $0.02 right now in that quarter, John, to be honest. Now we're assuming that we're going to have starting up in the 10th, February 10, and we have a slow ramp. So I see some potential impact to the year, that $50 million to $100 million. That plus or minus $0.02, I would say, covers that right now based on what we're seeing on slow start. 
Now if we're sitting there in New York next week and I'm saying, "Hey, this thing is really grinding and having a hard time both with our customer standpoint and also our supply chain standpoint, we'll have to reconfigure that." 
But right now, that's how we have this factored into play, that plus or minus $0.02. You're exactly right.

So we are -- what we would like to see happen in the cadence of the year, obviously, the first quarter flow. North America was really very negative for us. The discrete business was very negative for us relative to our discrete around the world. So very high profit business, both of those. 
So the cadence will be expect -- I think we're going to continue to see strong KOB 3, which does help us. I think our cadence is that we see some stability within the oil and gas market space in North America, not growing, but stabilizing.
So as we look at the channels, as we look at our customer base, we'll see some improvement in the flow and discrete business, which will help us a little bit on the margin pressure. And then the rest of the help is going to come from all the restructuring, but you called it right. The flow and the discrete right now in North America is a very challenging issue for us. It was very difficult in the last 2 quarters.
And as we look at this right now, our plan is we see some stability, some improvement, which will help put a little margin wind to our back as we get into that second half, and that's where we see it right now. And obviously, you'll be able to tell on our order releases and our comments, basically, how we're seeing it. If you start seeing us say, "Hey, things have stabilized. Things have improved." You'll know, John, that we're seeing a little bit better improvement around that flow business, which is very important to us.

Yes. So I mean, my confidence level and the Board as I said, the Board spent 3.5 hours on these actions. We're talking about the Board confidence, my confidence is extremely high at this point in time, extremely. We are taking serious actions.
Bob's business started, as you well know, Bob's on his sixth quarter of negative sales. So Bob started his cost out 7 quarters ago. So if you look back at his major restructuring, it actually started in late '18 throughout 2019. So what he's working on right now are actions around fixed facilities to try to take some fixed facilities offline and consolidate. So his are a little bit different. That's why you're not seeing a lot with Bob right now, his business over the next couple of years, and he'll be doing that fixed savings, and he's starting to get that. 
I feel very, very confident. Now I'm involved in reviewing the work with Lal and Ram, the Board and I looked at in detail, and we look at the costs, I feel very good about those savings. I feel very good about the bridge chart that we're showing you from the second half. I think the question -- the previous caller, John, asked is very relevant relative to that mix issue, which needed stability.
But as I look at the actions they're doing right now in the short term, it's very much people oriented and then we're starting to take some of the longer-term facilities up, so I feel very confident we'll start seeing that margin move up in the second half. 
Anything you want to add to that, Frank?

And McKinsey reported to the Board yesterday in the work that we did between the 2 business units and Corporate, and we have additional actions that we can deal with probably starting in another couple of years. We want some backup stuff and some other opportunity, but let's put it this way, our hands are pretty -- our plate's pretty full right now with actions we've got going on. And -- but we're going to study and lay them out and see how we can start flowing some or maybe later this year, early next year to give us some protection in case -- I'm not supposed to swear, but I'm going to swear, "Oh, s***'s happened." 
But from my perspective, we're trying to cover that. McKinsey did a good job explaining how we're protecting what makes Emerson unique, our franchises and the corporation culture, but at the same time, look at how we could be more efficient and more effective. It was a very good discussion around from the Board perspective as they pulled back the sheets.

So I mean, you've hit a nail in the head here. The issue right now, I think the North America projects we're starting to see release, I'm very worried as I'm sure my customers are worried about because a lot of that business is going to be shipped -- production will be shipped to China. And so my concern is if this coronavirus goes longer, it could delay those projects, and it could slow down some of the projects we think that should be released here in the next couple of months. 
So this -- the coronavirus has an impact on many, many things relative to our business base. So therefore, that's why we are still convinced that the second half could be a challenge for us, and that's how we're banking at that 0 growth because of things like that. 
Now the projects we see releasing, and I still believe will release, are the Middle East and India. Those projects are separate from the work been going on in China. But I would say the Middle East, Mike, you and I were just there. China -- I mean, the India projects. So I feel good about those. And I think that will help us as we fill up that pipeline for the second half of the year and then as we move into 2021.
But we've got to get some settlements, some resolution on the corona. We've got to get some traveling. And if we don't, then that's going to clearly slow down some of the North America projects.

Okay. I'm rubbing my rally monkey's head here a little bit, Gautam. So I can see if -- okay. So I'll give you my feeling right now, okay? I think we're going to be around 25% for KOB 1. I think we will be 57%, 58% for KOB 3, and so what's that mean for the -- 18% for KOB 2. That's where I think we're going to be right now. And I don't have any crystal ball more than you, but that's where I see -- I look at the pipelines, I look at the things we're talking about right now. We are -- we shared with the Board we're not backing off any of the KOB 3 investments. We have the organization highly motivated to try to take some market share on the installed base. We're focusing on other things that cut our costs around. But that area right now is ripe for us to continue to take share. And we want to build that KOB 3 up strongly because those projects will start flowing, and it'll help us offset the margin dilution from the projects.

I think we're going '23. We're going to go '23. We will bridge -- we will bridge the $450 million. And what we see -- I mean, as you know, I try to be honest and transparent, sort of like the Iowa caucus. I will try to bridge for the 2021 numbers. These guys are all -- they can't handle this -- they can't handle the truth. They could not be in any movies like me. But they -- we'll bridge that, so you can see what -- the $450 million we talked about, and then we'll talk about what we see going on going forward.
You're going to see a much lower sales forecast as we manage the growth to keep it -- we're focusing on the cost and until I see some really strength in what's going to happen to underlying growth, we're going to keep that growth rate down and manage around costs. So we'll give you that bridge. But think '23, but also -- I'll tell you what, think about '21 and what we told you last year. I always try to bridge what I committed to.

No. What I just laid out for this year is locked and -- okay, is it going to $210 million? Is it going to be $220 million? Yes, that's what we're talking about right there at this point in time. We are and -- but we're going to show you '21 and what we're going for, as you well know, we wanted to try to get everything done within a 24-month time period best we could. So we're going to -- we did a little bit last quarter.
I mean in the fourth fiscal quarter last year. We're doing a lot right now in this period right here in '20. We're going to be doing a pretty busy '21. But when we get out of '21, I want to move back towards our stability run rate of restructuring, which typically is around $50 million. So you're going to see how we go up to over $400 million total in the cycle and how we're focusing that. But what we told you this year, that number isn't changing unless I have -- okay, I shouldn't say isn't because it could change. 
But if we had something happen to the world relative to a major change, and we have to refocus, something happens in China, something happens with the business, but right now, that's what we locked and loaded. And I would say that's going to keep our hands full for the year.

We're going to talk about macro restructuring. We're going to talk about outcome of some of the review of our businesses. We're going to talk about the cash flow generation and how we're going to allocate that cash flow generation for the next couple of years, and some fundamental strategies. You're going to see a presentation on digital transformation coming out from one of Lal's key new platform leaders, which we've built -- or yes, not platform, but business level units' presidents. And then we'll also -- we're going to give you an update on what -- on the Final Control work that Ram's doing. Ram's going to give a presentation on where he's taking this to the next level. So there's a lot -- there's going to be a lot of strategy, the company insights and what we're doing and how we're going to drive. 
But fundamentally, I want you to walk away with the strategies in place, and we're driving cost, and we're going to drive around that business. We're also going to give you an update after 18 months of owning the Textron Tools business. We're going to give you an update around the professional tools and how that program is going. Both V&C and the professional tool ones are going very well, and they're a key part of our repositioning effort to drive value. 
And Tim's down here in the room, down here he's real happy because he's going to be part of that, maybe. And we're thinking about -- there's a couple of positions open like HR and maybe plant management and we're going to put him in there and see if he's going to do anything different.

No, I -- we wouldn't put a guidance out there that I didn't think -- I mean, we can believe we can hit both ends of this, both the top and the bottom, the middle. But our feeling right now, based on the trend lines is that the midpoint is the most likely. The upper point even with the coronavirus because we're assuming that they'll get -- it will come back, and production will start coming back up. And we'll start clawing back some of that -- the $50 million to $100 million of sales.
So we fundamentally believe that, that range is still viable, even with everything we face around the world at this point in time. The cost actions are happening. We get a little bit more cost out. From the timing issue, it's always about timing in there. It can help our margins, and obviously, help the EPS. So at this point in time, that range is very -- we're very comfortable with that range. And we feel -- I mean, my highest probability, clearly, is at that 0, but I also see -- I still see some potential on the positive side, too.

No, I think we can't do that. That China sales are -- we saw across all of the markets depending on where the -- which customer is going on right now, the customers are going to be further west, east, north. No, we -- there's no way we can break that down at this point in time.
I mean it's going to be a -- this one is going to be kind of fluid as we see things moving back up. And I know our sales force are going to try to figure out how they can claw some of those back. So these -- they're going to be pretty energized to figure out how to get that business back. It may come in a different location. So I -- it's -- there's nothing says at this point in time.

So now we will share with you how the savings are going to flow up in '21 and '22, and I'm not sharing that with you yet. But we'll share that out with you. 
So you're trying to see, I mean, say that again, Julian? Say that one more time?

No. No. No. So a big chunk of our savings will come next year of the delta, the spend from the standpoint. The area that we'll still have some delay out is going to be around the facility restructuring in the facilities because that may not start falling until early '22 or late '21. But what we see there is there's -- the reinvestments built into our core plan, we took the cost out. And we've netted that out already. There's nothing else going on here from that standpoint.
Those savings will flow, and there'll be a -- there should be a significant increase in savings as we move into '21, and you'll see that and as Lal talks about his repositioning effort. And as you know, there's very little cash being impacted here because we're pretty -- we've been pretty good about managing that cash flow and trying to keep it cash neutral.
So that's -- those savings and most of them, I would say, 90% of those savings will flow back into '21, and we'll still have a little tail hanging over us in '22 from this restructuring right there you're talking about.

Right now, we still feel pretty good about it. Now I don't think -- I think the first quarter number was a little bit stronger than I thought it would be. We had some project business come in there. But Julian, I don't -- we're not too worried about that at this point in time. Now I'd like to see another quarter of what's going on there. But that business, that petrochemical, the chemical businesses, and as we know, we serve a lot broader group of that customer base than an AspenTech will serve.

Yes. And we've got strong KOB 3 going on right there. So I don't feel concerned about that. I'm more worried about the upstream side and the new oil and gas investments. I think what I see coming down the downstream right now, I feel better about it. And that's a very high KOB 3 marketplace.
And as I said earlier, when some of the guys asked me, I firmly believe we'll continue to see some improvement in KOB 1. So I'm more optimistic about that.

Yes. That's what we're talking about doing here. I mean if we -- we're going to have the incremental growth in sales. We'll show that to you as we lay out our plan, and then obviously, the restructuring that we're going to flow through. And as someone -- I think Julian just asked me about the reinvestments. So we'll lay that detail. We went through that with the Board because they want -- the Board is very, very interested in making sure we don't cut key programs long term. But we're trying to structurally make some changes here so that -- that it does flow through. The key thing right now is we're banking on very little growth here for the next 12 to 18 months. That's the key issue.

I think we're building on 30% from that standpoint. That's what we're building it on, Jeff.

I don't think we'll see any deliveries on that. I think you could have some progress payments and some of the stuff...

Yes. And so what we -- we probably -- we will probably have some progress payments in the latter part of 2020. It'll be more falling into '21. As you well know that where these bookings will go, you'll see more coming. It goes -- obviously, the compressors and the big LNG projects, our systems, then the control valves, then instrumentation. So we are in the early stages of this 4 way right now. So we should -- we're anticipating here in the next 2, 3, 4 months a continuation of booking some stuff. But I wouldn't see that we'll book -- amount of sales this year to be more than 2021, but I guarantee we'll have some progress payments probably in the Systems in late this year.

Very small. Very small. Very small. And that's one of the concerns, I think, I can't remember which of you guys mentioned this, my concern is this whole book. Coronavirus, could that slow down the process here a little bit again, as we've got it going again with trade deal that Mike mentioned. There was the trade -- first, Phase 1, and now the coronavirus, will that slow things down again? That's always a concern of mine. That's why we need to get through this, and so we can get a little bit more visibility on what everyone's going to do. But right now, we should have a lot more bookings around those major projects.

Yes. So go ahead.

Yes. I mean a lot of times, in the people, which was our front-load late last year, early this year, there's cash up front, but you get -- eventually you get some of that cash back because you're not paying. So it washes out and right now -- and cash generation is pretty good. So I mean net's going to be pretty neutral. The taxes, just basically some work that Frank's been doing relative to some of our international subs as we've gone through this process...

Oh, I don't have the number off the top of my head. It's -- Frank, do you have a number, a rough number?

Over time. Yes.

And the key issue there is that the sooner you get some of the cash impact once done, the faster you get the cash payback, because it takes off quickly. The facility ones are the hardest part because they -- the cash goes out, and then you don't get the savings for a long time.

I mean North America is still in a tough zone right now. We're in sort of the middle of winter here, flat to slightly down. Don't -- I mean, it's hard to say how fast. I mean the one thing I'd like is our residential marketplace truck. Construction's doing good. That's a good sign. Typically, we start seeing some payback and some improvement here as we get into that March time period. So that's not going to be -- it's not going to be much of a change until we get into a little bit warm weather.
We had a good quarter in Asia and China. That was before everything happened there that bothers me. And so I'm a little bit concerned about that now as we come out of it. We hear from President Xi, he's going to try and pump up the financing and try to get some spending going to get the economy going, a strong stimulus, which could -- typically, that goes after the market, the commercial residential guys go after versus the auto solution guys done. 
But right now, our HVAC business in North America is weak. And we're forecasting probably our sixth down quarter in total for commercial residence, globally. And then the question is, can we see some improvement as we move into the second half of the year.

They were -- they were pretty much what we expected. It's slightly negative. It was not that good. Again, it's a short month because it's the Chinese New Year. And so from that perspective, it's a pretty small month. But I'm really worried about what we -- we're trying to take orders over the phone right now. We're still alive, but there's not much business going on. So I'm really worried about as we get into this post February 10 as we start seeing what people do, what happens in that? 
And that -- so it's certainly live here after that February 10 time period comes in for the next 2 or 3 weeks to see if there's any slowdown or pick back up, we'll see.

Yes. Okay. So did you back into Auto Sol's margins in the second quarter? Is that what you did?

Yes, you could back into them. Yes. So there's 2 things. One, auto sales, if you think about progression, our second quarter sales typically are seasonally higher and that, obviously, in the second quarter. And we are expecting some stability around the mix of business around that flow in the discrete business.
So that is not -- that's normal for us. So -- and then we've obviously started to get some savings, some of the $35 million that we spent aggressively in the fourth quarter. Most of that was around Auto Sol. And obviously, a lot of the $97 million over -- almost, I think, $85 million of it was around Auto Sol in the first quarter. 
And so you're seeing -- those guys are going to start seeing that benefit more and more about that as they go into that second quarter and clearly it ramps up into the third and fourth quarters. But that's how we see it right now, and the savings are happening because these are really near-term cost actions that are taken.

I mean first of all, I think if you look at our history, we buy back substantially more stock than most people. And secondly, we also continue to want to work on the acquisition front, an investment company.
If we feel that we don't have the opportunities, we'll continue to take that buyback up. But right now, if I look at what we've bought back the last several years, it's been at a pretty high pace, and I don't see any reason to take it any higher at this point in time. 
Now the Board always reviews that if we see the acquisition front space is very moderate, then we're going to have the situation coming forth that we're going to have to increase the leverage in the balance sheet. But keep in mind, I've said it again, we're already paying back shareholders 85% of our cash flow in 2020. 85%. That is a good number.

Our organization, we have a leadership there. The team's in constant contact with the Chinese government, and we get a -- Mike and I and the top OC get a daily report back out from what they're being told by the government, both at the national level and the local level. 
I mean I disagree that the Chinese government are misleading people. I feel they've been very open to us. Now everyone wants a hard answer, but you can't get a hard answer in something that's moving like this. 
But as I look at the consistent information I'm getting from the government and to the regional governments to my people and my leadership team that reports into Mike, I feel very good about it. So my comfort level right now is pretty high.
But key issue for me is can they get the plan that a lot of the people go back to work if nothing else major happens here. And then can the supply chain start mobilizing, because logistics could be a problem as things start flowing around. But it's just a matter of getting planning. And I know Mike and all the guys and gals across China are working this pretty hard right now. So I feel -- my comfort level is pretty good, assuming they can hold that 10. Or if it goes to 11 to 12, that does a big deal. Within that, a couple of days, that's -- Rob. 
So I feel -- I think we're ready at this point in time. But again, it goes back to the Apollo moon shots when it comes back in the United States, we're in that blackout period right now, the reentry blackout period for about the next 5 or 6 days.

Yes. I don't -- first of all, I'm not in the Pandora's box, which is your first thing, where you might as well throw in a couple of locust attacks and maybe some ships going down and planes going down at the same time there. And I'm not in that side of the equation. 
I think that -- and I -- there are -- I could say that there could be some positives as this thing recovers pretty quickly, I feel that. But I'm more in the status right now that this thing slowly recovers and regrowth comes back. 
We probably lose a couple of points of the high-single-digit growth that we were talking about for China, which takes a little bit away from us a little bit. So I'm more the glass half full than the glass empty or glass all full, whereas you just...

Yes. I think we get -- let's -- I know everyone's trying to guess, second guess this. I think you've got to wait -- those dates, the 10th, and they've been holding here pretty consistent. If those things hold in let's say, the 10th or 11th, going back to work and we start seeing the plants up and running, then I feel good about that. Now if the plants start starting up and they start bailing them that could be a good thing for us because it's obviously business. But I think we've got to watch that. So you've got to listen to all your -- all the people you follow and listen to them and see how things are starting. And I think that will be the key indication. Are they starting up or not starting up? Are they getting the supplies? I think you're going to hear people communicate that pretty loud and clear.
I want to thank everybody. Again, I want to thank the global organization. I want to thank the investors and the shareholders for supporting us as we go through this process. Thank you very much now. Bye.