Thank you, Pete, and good morning, everyone. I would like to say a few things before passing it on to Frank. Firstly, to our global team, 3 things. Thank you for a tremendous quarter. This was one that was delivered based on strong execution, which required agility and creativity as we jumped over a number of hurdles over the last 3 months. The result was top-class profit leverage over 40% across our operations, well done by everyone.
Momentum is building, and it's more broadly today and across a large number of our markets than it was 3 months ago. This expansion across both platforms, now as the cycle expands, will enable us to make critical technology investments, building on our strong differentiation and customer relevance.
Lastly, to the teams, thank you for welcoming me during my first 90 days, and thank you for your energy and passion. You energize me every day in the journey and on the journey that we're taking together.
Secondly, I would like to recognize David Farr, who stepped -- whose Board service concluded today after more than 20 years. Thank you, David, for your many contributions.
And last but not least, I would like to extend a warm welcome to Jim Turley, elected by the Board of Directors yesterday to be Emerson's new non-executive chair. Jim is a highly qualified independent director who is extremely passionate about people, culture and the future of Emerson. I look forward to working alongside Jim and our entire Board.
Frank, over to you.

Thank you, Frank. I'll just cover a few charts here with the group. Again, increased momentum turning to -- on Chart 15 here. First, on Automation Solutions, we are -- we were led through the recovery in the first half by our discrete and early cycle businesses within the platform. And essentially, what's occurred as we've navigated through the second quarter is a broader recovery in their -- in the mid-cycle elements of this platform.
So we see a return to growth in Q3, which is very positive after 5 down quarters in this business and continued demand in short cycle as well as the acceleration in the core process automation markets in the back half of the year, yielding a 4% to 8% range in the second half and a flat year guidance on sales.
If you turn to Page 16, I'll give you some color on what's going on in the world areas. Perhaps, before I do that though, I'll just paint it from a KOB perspective. KOB3 has been incredibly strong, both in our discrete spaces, but more interestingly, as we navigated the second quarter into our process spaces. Frank referenced the shutdown turnaround activity, which is up double -- mid-double -- teens for the year and the STO schedules are holding in full, honestly, as we go into the summer, into the fall season, which is very encouraging.
The site walk downs are up almost 50% year-over-year, also very encouraging. And of course, the long-term service agreements are up almost 40% across the world in the business. Very encouraging to see and really provides the fuel for the underlying activity we're seeing in the process space.
On a KOB1 basis, things are not completely stopped. There's less activity. Obviously, we digested a significant LNG wave, but there's more activity on the horizon. We've entered the feed stage on 2 very important projects: the Baltic LNG and the Golden Island BASF in China. Those are important opportunities for us in automation. And secondly, we were awarded the Sempra Costa Azul LNG project on the Pacific Coast, in the Baja Peninsula of Mexico, which has a significant value for us and was awarded and will be booked here in the third quarter. So there is some activity. We continue to engage on the KOB1. And as that starts to loosen up a little bit, I think we're very well positioned.
The tale of the tape, honestly, for the remainder of the year for this business is going to be the Americas. It's going to be a significant swing from a down 16% first half to a second half in that 10% midpoint. And we'll see that, we saw that already as we entered April, and we'll continue to see that recovery, I think, as we go through the latter half of the year into 2022.
Europe, an incredibly strong first half, driven by life sciences, activity around biofuels, the number of KOB2-type project awards, and we continue to see that strength, and I feel confident that, that strength will be there into the second half of the year. Of course, across all of this, the discrete environment has been very, very good into Asia, Europe and in North America, whether it's automotive, medical or semiconductor, and we expect that strength to remain there. So overall, feeling much better about the second half here and feeling very good about how North America is shaping up for us in automation.
Turning to Chart 17, some comments on Commercial & Residential. What a great year this team is having. And obviously, the beneficiaries of a tremendous residential cycle. Much of it was driven by pandemic inventory levels -- pre-pandemic inventory levels, a prebuild in the cooling season that then we also benefited from a secular shift into suburbs and high family home construction and renovation. All of that has led into incredible residential strength through the year.
Obviously, my expectation is that it starts to dampen as we get into the latter parts of the fiscal year. However, the mid-cycle professional tools, cold chain businesses are accelerating, and that's what we see here in this very balanced perspective for this business throughout 2021, and I'm very encouraged by what we're seeing in the later cycle pieces.
Of course, we -- there's some good underlying technology evolutions as well that will impact the residential, be it the refrigerant changes or the heat pump moves in Europe, which are -- which will continue to drive good growth for the businesses.
And then turning to Page 18. Again, a very balanced picture here from a world area perspective. And overall, a strong second half with the commercial industrial segment of this business continuing to improve as the residential market start to taper, as I discussed. I think all the world areas should grow, again, in the low double-digit to mid-teen range as we go into the second half.
In the Americas, we are seeing residential demand remained strong in the near term and the commercial market is really starting to accelerate. And the cold chain piece, particularly, which is driven by transport and aftermarket, and then we see the tools momentum building in the professional channel. So very encouraged by that.
Europe, I mentioned heat pump activity. We expect that to stay strong. And of course, a surge in construction should bolster our plumbing and electrical tools business. And then lastly, in Asia, China is the headline contributor to growth as some of you have already noted, and demand is driven by commercial air conditioning and cold chain solutions.
So with that, Pete, I'll turn it to Page 19, and we'll go to Q&A.

Well, we're seeing, John, good acceleration in the underlying process. We went through a period of time, as you'll recall, of break/fix environment with limited site access, with limited STO type of activity. That's flipped. Obviously, the inoculation rates in this country have helped the confidence that customers have in having others on site and having their own folks, very honestly, on site. That's driven now a level of activity that is incredibly encouraging and is, I think, above and beyond just the simple comparisons that we have.
The discrete strength, to your point, will remain. I don't foresee that to wane at least as we go through the year in North America, but the real fuel there will be increased activity. And we're seeing that in the PO rates. We're seeing that in quotation activity and in the daily booking activity in our short to medium cycle automation businesses.

Yes. I'll comment. We -- as Frank noted, we adjusted our guide there from the $25 million headwind to $75 million, again, within the construct of what we believe we can guide the overall EPS. The teams are doing a fabulous job, and particularly around the headwinds of plastic resins, copper and steel, which have been challenging for us.
I would expect, as capacity comes online, John, that there's a little bit of relief on price/cost. But again, that's a wait and see. So we took a more conservative approach there based on what we're seeing in the market as we've discussed with the teams. Ram, any comments there?

Yes. Good question. Good question, Julian. I -- so year-over-year, backlog in automation is up 14%, I believe, is the number. Obviously, we went through a significant -- through the first 2 quarters that suggest in terms of shipping, KOB1 activity we had, particularly in our Final Control and Systems businesses and the fuel of the revenue growth going forward becomes more mid-cycle measurement solutions systems and discrete business.
So consequently, that's more what we'd call book-to-ship within quarter or within 1.5 quarters. And I wouldn't necessarily expect a significant growth in the backlog, but within the parameters that we're in today. So in that, that suggests 10% to 15% backlog growth. But without the vast KOB1 activity, I don't expect that to grow beyond the rate we're in today.

Yes. So yes, good to hear from you and thanks. April, I did make the comment in April from an Automation perspective and Commercial & Residential perspective, continues to be on trend to what we have experienced and have expectations around, so I'm encouraged by that.
Now in terms of the comp structure, yes, I've spoken openly about the journey we're on in our culture and what we're undertaking here as an organization. I think there's a lot of energy around that across the enterprise. Compensation is absolutely something that we're looking at. And we actually -- we have a task force in place today led by Lisa Flavin, and she's looking through how we compensate the executive structure and others.
And I think there's a lot of opportunity there for us. And we'll be -- we'll take our time. We'll work very closely with the Board on that as we go through the summer, into the fall and hope we have an evolution there as well.

I think we're very well positioned, obviously, with the strong customer base we've had for a long time. But I think the technology differentiated is really around sound attenuation in the heat pumps and the efficiency. And I think that's where we stand out versus what the marketplace offers, and has been a big part of the growth in what fuels the European opportunity going forward. So we're excited about where the product investments have been and where we can go going forward.

So Steve, this is Lal. So we had a strong -- we had a very strong quarter in the climate business in the United States. We continue to see quarters accelerate, backlog conversion grew in the mid-single digits -- excuse me, sales grew in the mid-single digits and with the acceleration really occurring, as Frank pointed out, into Q3 for us. And that's where you'll see this really from a U.S. or purely U.S. perspective in HVAC pop for us.

Yes. It's a sizable business, Steve. We haven't disclosed the size of it relative to the entire platform, but you can assume it's a sizable portion of the entire climate and CRS platform.

Good question, Andrew. I think budgets have been set on assumptions around demand in oil price. Having said that, they're significantly skewed towards sustainability efforts. They're skewed towards efficiency and operating elements of the business. And that gives us a good baseline of confidence in the recovery in the market.
Having said that, if we do see more planes in the air, more trucks on the road, broader economic activity, I think we'll see expansions in the budgetary as we go through the second half of the calendar year -- into the second half of the calendar year. And that will prove to be advantageous to the automation business above and beyond where we are set today.

Yes. Go ahead, Ram.

Yes. I'll say a couple of words, and I'll let Frank, who actually presented on this subject to the Board yesterday. I feel really good about the path, Tommy. We have a potential acceleration on the path in Automation Solutions with tremendous performance and on the cost.
The price/cost that you referenced is predominantly in our -- the challenges are predominantly in our Commercial & Residential business. But what I'll say is that they're on track to deliver that end point peak margin work. So I feel very, very positive, slightly ahead in one platform, on track on the second platform. Frank?

Yes. No, I appreciate the question, Tommy. The first thing we -- one of the first things we're doing is we need to measure where we sit today and where we want to go. So we're working with an outside firm to do a cultural assessment of the 58,000 employees, salary employees of Emerson.
We've done a pilot to understand how the tool works. We feel comfortable how -- that we understand the tool and we like the tool, so we're going to broaden this out here in the month of May. And what that's going to give us is a very important set of data, understanding where we are and where the population a company wants to go in terms of the culture.
I would suggest that in addition to that, Tom, we've done -- we've taken care of some of the low-hanging fruits, some modernization of work practices. We're working with McKinsey & Company on a diversity inclusion target and goals, which we'll publish as part of the ESG report and after conversations with our Board in June.
So there's a lot of activity going on. We're all very energized about the opportunity. And we do believe, honestly, Tommy, at the end of the day, that if we look more like the world where we live and work inside of Emerson, we'll be a better company, we'll perform at a higher rate, and we'll create more value.

Yes. Thanks, Markus. I feel good about what we're seeing in China. Obviously, the past quarter was very, very strong across both platforms. We're seeing good activity on the automation side, KOB3-driven, but also project-driven, particularly in the chemicals segment, which is -- should continue through the second half of the year.
And then the user comps obviously come on the climate side. But again, encouraging trends there as well, infrastructure, commercial construction driven and cold chain around transport, particularly. So I feel really good about China for the remainder of the year. Teams are very engaged, and I feel positive about what we'll see throughout the fiscal.

Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Yes, obviously, it's embedded in our thinking and that level of activity that we've baked into Automation Solutions and the increase in the guidance there. We're seeing that being reflected in the spend rates and the activity in the segment, more closer to that $60 number now.
But as you can imagine, customers are still relatively skittish as they forecast and we talked about budgets in the past and one of the past questions here, so they're watching it closely. But clearly, as reflected in the increased guidance, feel a little bit stronger about where the WTI ultimately will land for the year.

Well, you know, Jeffrey, the CFO is sitting right here with me. I'm very happy that he's here with me and I don't...

No CFO transition in the foreseeable future here. I'm very happy that I have Frank and very blessed to have Frank, very honestly, and his experience, which will be incredibly important for this management team, so nothing there to report.
In terms of the Chairman, I honestly -- it was not -- it was highly researched, debated and discussed with the Board. Obviously, feel very comfortable with the separation of role to enable me to operate the company, to learn the governance piece over time, to have mentorship from the Board of Directors, very important.
And again, as you think about the early stages of my CEO-ship, that was the right decision. I'm glad the Board supported it, and I think we landed in a really good place.

I'll comment on it. I will -- I feel good because of the cross-section in the cycles, right? The early cycle residential, I think we'll all agree it's going to taper off, whether that tapers in Q4 or into Q1, but it will taper off. It's been incredibly hot now for a number of quarters.
But the good news is the balance that, that platform has in terms of not just in the climate side with cold chain, which is accelerating as we'll go into Q3 and Q4, but also on the professional tools side, which will balance off the consumer tool businesses, which have benefited from do-it-yourself and big star growth.
So the balance is incredibly strong. It gives me, at this point, at least confidence heading into the latter half of this year and honestly, into a balanced perspective into '22.

A little bit of both. Obviously, the 2 feed stages on Baltic and Golden Island, there are things that have been talked about and debated and discussed for a long time. And so those are starting to move forward, so that's that element. But something like the Sempra is obviously, in terms of -- it's relatively new. We didn't know whether it was going to move forward or as part of that significant eighth job LNG wave, now this is the ninth job, so very important to see that.
In terms of what's new in the funnel, it's still in that $6.4 billion range. The hydrogen-related element in addition to that would be about $1 billion. The electrification piece, as you said, about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion. There's some newer stuff in there, but it's relatively smaller, biofuels, conversions of existing facilities or modernizations that fall into the funnel. So it's relatively static, although it is encouraging as you point out, to see some things moving to the left.
Now in terms of OSI, phenomenal first 6 months with us ahead of plan that we put together internally and presented to our Board. I feel great about the management team and what they're accomplishing. And more interestingly, I feel really good about the opportunity to continue to invest in the business and expand the sandbox. I think it's a very unique opportunity for us in terms of both technology and end market diversification. We want to do both. We want to do more, both organically and if available inorganically.

So first -- second quarter, first half stayed relatively consistent at 59% on KOB3. And very honestly, I expect that to stay within that 59% to 60% range as we go through the second half of the year. It's a very strong mix, obviously, for us. But that's kind of where I see it, Gautam, as we go into the second half.

Yes. No, interestingly enough, so what we saw, particularly in the upgrade turnaround environment as we went through COVID was that the systems upgrades, for the most part, continued. And the reason they continued is because of the ability to perform a lot of that work virtually and remotely. We have tremendous capabilities in our DeltaV business to do that, in our Ovation business to do that, and that activity continued as system upgrades were performed around the world.
What we're most -- what was mostly impacted was the stuff that hangs on pipes or on vessels, the valves, the transmitters, the flow equipment in which we're now seeing the acceleration. And honestly, there's just no 2 ways to do that remotely. You've got to have people on site and you've got to have a lot of people who are not necessarily familiar with your site there.
What we're seeing, and we'll watch whether this is a trend or not, there are 2 things, Gautam, to your question. Number one, the scale of the turnaround. They may be doing 1 or 2 units versus the entire facility. And secondly, the rate or the cycle at which the turnarounds are performed. Many of these facilities have now gone over 18, almost 24 months without a turnaround.
They may question whether they can extend the cycle on turnaround and the frequency of turnarounds based on this experience. We haven't necessarily gotten that message yet, but we're watching it very carefully as we go through this cycle, particularly this season, over this summer into the fall.
Ram, I don't know if you've got comments there.

Okay. Okay. Well, I want to thank everyone for your questions and your engagement today. It was -- I felt phenomenal about my first quarter as CEO. I thank the teams, a lot of hard work and a lot of energy, and I feel really good about the momentum that we have as an organization for the second half of the year and into 2022. So thank you, everyone, for your time, and talk soon.