Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by thanking the global Emerson team, who again delivered very strong results amid challenging operating conditions. I'd also like to thank and extend my appreciation to Emerson's Board of Directors for their energy and support of management. And lastly, to all our shareholders who believe in our value creation proposition. Thank you.
A lot has changed since our call 3 months ago. Operating conditions clearly worsened. The war in Ukraine, COVID lockdowns in China resulted in a return to inflationary commodity environment, lead time extensions and shortages in electronics and logistics challenges. All this resulted in challenging variances across our businesses. But in spite of this, our business performance was strong, and we delivered differentiated results in our ability to execute.
Orders grew 13% on a March-ending 3-month underlying basis, led by 17% growth in Automation Solutions and 7% growth in commercial/residential. Our underlying sales accelerated to 10% growth with conversion in Automation Solutions improving sequentially to 7% and commercial/residential very strong at 14% growth. We have broad world area strength across our business.
Price activity was very robust in the quarter, and it is sticking. But it is largely offsetting inflationary impact of materials, labor and freight costs. 
We delivered incremental profitability of 24% in the quarter and remain committed to our guideline of 30% for the year. 
Earnings per share on an adjusted basis grew 21% to $1.29, $1.21 excluding an $0.08 impact that came in the quarter.
Bottom line, yes, it is challenging, but our operating diligence, our management process enabled this performance. I'm very proud of the team.
Going forward, we see a robust industrial environment led by energy investments in North America and the Middle East. The war in Ukraine and sanctions on Russia has brought North America gas back to life. Reshoring, which many of us have talked about, which at this point has been largely discussed in relation to discrete manufacturing, can and should be now fully valued as it relates to energy, specifically LNG. And Emerson is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this trend. However, I should state that our perspective on energy remains unchanged. We will continue to divest commoditized upstream oil and gas businesses. We have two processes currently in the market. Sustainability investments are core to our customer success, and the unprecedented gas wave will serve both to shore up gas as a transitionary energy source and eliminate European dependence on Russian gas.
Lastly, the technology stack that we can now bring to market, the best-in-class intelligent devices, a highly differentiated control system topology and the industry's leading software offering with AspenTech place Emerson in a unique position to succeed. Our KOB1 funnel grew to nearly $7 billion in the quarter, up almost $0.5 billion, with sustainability projects reaching $1 billion in value within that funnel.
Demand in our climate business remained strong across most segments, in the mid-single-digit range. We continue to work closely with our HVAC OEM customers as we navigate through challenging inflationary environments. And I appreciate the efforts that Carrier and Train in particular have made to enable us to pass along price actions.
The future of this business is bright. We will watch the current residential cycle carefully. But over the medium term, we're well positioned to capitalize on our ESG trends through more efficient systems, new refrigerant standards and the acceleration of heat pump adoption in Europe.
Our Professional Tools and home products business continued to benefit from strong commercial demand, although residential demand has weakened in the quarter. And we attribute much of that to the fact that household disposable income cannot readily be applied to other activities in lieu of home improvements, and we're watching that carefully. Nevertheless, we have strong backlog positions in that business, which will enable us to deliver strong results for the year.
Our confidence enables the raise in guide we gave today of $0.05 on the bottom, which is at $4.95 or 10% growth, and the top to $5.10 or 13% growth over 2021. 
Regarding cash flow, we remain committed to a 100% conversion in 2022. Within this guide is the operational impact from our decision to exit our Russia business which we announced today. This includes the sale of our Metran subsidiary.
We will also continue to make progress on our portfolio journey with the TOD divestiture expected to close in this current quarter and Aspen shareholder meeting scheduled for May 16 with close expected the same day. We're very excited and I -- and remain excited about working with Antonio to build a unique, highly differentiated industrial software company.
Lastly, I would like to say a few words about our people. Our culture work is underway and we are developing a talent philosophy which will be highly differentiated and enable Emerson to attract and retain the best. A lot of great work on the way by the team on this front as well.
With that, please turn to Slide 5. 
We continue to see strong levels of demand across both platforms, as I indicated. I'll start with a few comments on Commercial & Residential Solutions, whose trailing 3-month orders were up 7%. 
We are still seeing broad strength across both climate and tools and home products as we hit both comparable results versus -- hit strong comparable results versus a year ago. Within Climate Tech, European resi and commercial heating markets continue to be strong, and Asian decarbonization trends are gaining momentum from government support. As expected, U.S. resi demand began to moderate and -- as we went through the quarter, but remains positive in the Americas as we entered the peak cooling season. For the tools business, as I mentioned, commercial/industrial momentum continues, while residential began to slow. And we'll watch that very, very carefully, particularly the DIY rates, as we go through this quarter. 
The trailing 3-month orders for Automation Solutions were up 17% from the prior year, and that's indicative of the continued strength across process, hybrid and discrete. Within hybrid, life science investments remained strong globally, while metals and mining investments and resurgent -- are resurging, particularly in the Southern Cone of America -- of Latin America and in Africa.
In the discrete space, supply chain-driven segments like semiconductor and electronics are on track for 20-plus percent year-over-year growth, while factory and machine automation maintained strong momentum. Process markets continued to gain momentum with chemical utilization improving and power market strength through renewables and grid modernization. We also see continued oil and gas spend, as I mentioned, led by U.S. shale investments. Upstream CapEx is up double digit year-over-year despite reinvestment rates near record lows at 40%.
We're in the beginning of a strong growth cycle. And I expect to see continued investments in key regions and in decarbonization initiatives. As oil prices rose, we saw more activity around key energy segments such as LNG, clean fuels and renewables. And let me share a little more color with you on these markets on the next slide, Page 6.
Just to give a perspective on what we're seeing in terms of LNG, which we highlight here, the U.S. opportunity on the left side of the chart, if you think about the LNG wave from 2000 to 2010, which was predominantly driven by the Middle East, we saw 125 MTPAs of invest -- 1 million tons per annum capacity come online during that wave. In the 2011 to 2021 wave, which had a U.S. component, a Russia component and an Australia component predominantly, another 125 MTPAs came online. We currently expect a 2022-plus forward wave that we're now entering and is being funded to result in 250 MTPAs of investment, of which 150 are already underway with an incremental 100 coming online over the next few years. So a very exciting period of time here as we think about gas, not just liquefaction, which will impact Middle East and U.S. predominantly, but then the regasification and tanker investments that are required to get the gas into Europe through this segment.
On the right-hand side of this chart, Emerson continues to play a pivotal role as traditional energy players and new entrants begin to focus on new energy segments such as clean fuels and renewables. Our decarbonization and sustainability funnel grew to $1 billion in the quarter as energy companies are dedicating roughly 15% of their CapEx budgets to these projects.
In clean fuels, Emerson was recently chosen as the main automation partner for the world's largest renewable diesel facility and will supply key digital offerings as part of this project. Emerson also expanded its role in renewable energy through its acquisition of Mita-Teknik and American Governor acquisitions, which also have -- and also through some technology investments in the core portfolio.
In the second quarter, Emerson Geological Simulation Software was selected to provide its geological and reservoir modeling software to HITA, a geothermal energy company in Belgium, to increase the safety and reliability of geothermal energy sources. This is an exciting example of a traditional Emerson application designed for the oil and gas field now expanding to a diversified sustainability application. And then lastly, Emerson was selected as a software and controls provider for the world's largest battery storage facility, another high-growth area where Emerson brings immediate relevance.
And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Frank to go through the second quarter results.

Yes. I'll speak to the business activity, Joe, and just focusing on your question around auto sol. Very strong quarter and -- both in sales conversion but also in orders. When you look at the destination business, both in the mid-teens -- high to mid-teens. So we feel very strong about the activity in -- for auto sol.
The commercial/residential activity is somewhat more muted driven by the climate resi cycle, and those orders were softer as we went through the quarter. But when I look at the project activity, when I look at the installed base momentum we have in China, I see the outlook -- I continue to feel very strong about the outlook for the year, Joe, for us.
In terms of sales conversion, Ram, if you want to speak to it.

Yes, Steve. No, good question. No, beyond the -- we're watching the resi very carefully, obviously, not just the climate side but on the home tools side and watching for traffic through our big-box partners there. But beyond that, look, the strength in automation continues. I think we're energized by seeing the capital projects funnel grow and the opportunities there.
KOB3 continues to be very strong, 60% in the quarter for Automation Solutions. That's been the engine in that business. But now with a KOB1 and 2 wave coming at us, we feel very robust about the outlook there. But beyond that, nothing else to comment. Ram?

Well, I'll let Ram give us perspectives. But my perspective is it's gotten tougher. We've had to work harder, get more creative, qualify different suppliers, go into the open market, which all of that creates variability, variances in the P&L and challenges. But -- so that's versus where we were essentially 3 months ago.
But having said that, we'll have to watch China carefully as we go through here, through the month of April and May, and watch how -- what happens in the supply chain there. But that's how I feel about it. It certainly didn't get better between the China COVID lockdowns and obviously the war in Ukraine. Ram?

In automation.

Yes. Good question, Andy. So twofold. One, there continues to be strong support both inside the boardroom and in actual spend around sustainability investments. Those continue to be funded. There's a lot of creativity in terms of what they are and how they're being implemented. And that's reflected in our funnel itself growing now to about 1/7 of the total KOB funnel. So very relevant there. And I feel confident in how those continue to move forward.
On other CapEx, what we've seen and the biggest change we've seen as we went through the quarter was gas. And the conversation around gas really we're 71 days into the war and that's only accelerated. And the opportunity is in -- particularly in three places: in Qatar, in Louisiana and in Texas. We had a significant amount of work, engineering work that was done prepandemic around investments in LNG in Louisiana, in Texas. A lot of those were shelved. The good news is a lot of that engineering had been completed, and we're seeing a number of those coming back into play now with FID activities across a lot of those. 
So that would be the biggest change in acceleration in the funnel, and I think that plays very well. Obviously, gas for us is a very significant opportunity as we go forward.
Ram, anything to add?

Yes, look, the opportunity, let's say it's -- size it at about $1 billion if you size it in total. And you can divide that over 5 years, I think it's fair to say, into Emerson revenue, Andy. As you know, the cycle on construction is 4 to 5 years for each of these jobs. So you take the $1 billion automation number that I essentially laid out for the 100 and divide it by 5.
Now what that doesn't include, in my opinion, is the regasification opportunities which we'll see in Europe, in Germany and in places like Italy and Poland and the tankers and freighters. So that's in addition to this. But about a -- fair. If you just did the math at $80 million per 5 MTPAs, that's how we'd size that.

Yes. No, it's a great question. I'll let Ram give his thoughts as well. But look, what we do see is an increase in use of analytics and software on top of the stack. And if you think about the capabilities that an asset optimization software capability like AspenTech brings to the table, that's increasingly more relevant as far as the bill of materials for these customers. So that would be the biggest change.
You still got to use funnel control elements. You still have to sense what goes through pipes. You're talking about very strenuous conditions of pressure and temperature. And ultimately, you still have to control the recipe with a control system. But the analytics layer and optimizing the performance of the process, I think, is where we see increasing more spend. Ram?

Yes. No, look, these are very detailed commercial agreements that we ultimately enter, and most do have some kind of inflation protection elements there on material. But keep in mind, obviously, on elements like control and software, there's very little material to speak of. So it'd be more on the funnel control side that we really work those very, very hard.

No. Look, I think the trends we talked about that impacted us in March, the COVID lockdowns in China, we continue to work through those. But beyond that, we're positive on the demand side of the equation through April, very positive.

Yes.

Now look, as I said at the outset, Nigel, I remain committed to diversification in the company. We're working actively on the portfolio management. And obviously, we'll talk at length in our November investor conference about the subject in terms of vision and hopefully some very meaningful steps.
The commoditized element of oil and gas, upstream oil and gas assets, we're continuing to work that very aggressively in the market. But in terms of the differentiated technology that is applicable not just in gas but in life sciences and in many of our other markets, we remain committed to. And we'll remain committed to the investments around gas because I do believe, if you just look at that energy equation that -- as a transitionary fuel over time, that's going to be required for the world to meet its needs.

Look, are you speaking specifically about Automation Solutions, Tommy? We continue to -- we have a long history of positive price activity in that market. And that comes from a basis of not just the market structure, but the relevance of our technology in the space and our ability to differentiate and drive price, obviously, is meaningful there.
So look, in some cases, we're up to 4 price increases across that space. We're working very actively through our selling organizations and with our end users. But I remain confident in that business of ability not just to continue to implement price as needed but for it also to be realized into the P&L. Frank, anything...

Yes. Look, residential as a whole, particularly reflected in our home products business, has weakened as we went through the quarter. And we've seen that in just the order run rates. Our climate business has remained strong to date. And as we get into the season, we'll watch how that translates but feel pretty good on the climate side still, Tommy.

Yes, look, 60% of the revenue in the quarter in Automation Solutions was KOB3, which is a replacement MRO business. That business is the least price sensitive -- excuse me, the least margin sensitive of all the businesses and the one where we -- where price is the most sticky. So that was reflected in the results of Automation Solutions as we went through the end of March.