Thank you, Colleen, and good morning, everyone. 
2021 was a phenomenal year for Emerson. It developed very differently, obviously, than we planned a year ago. For one, I was named CEO and brought a new value-creation agenda to the table. But equally important, we operated in an environment which was both rewarding and challenging for the organization.  
Through it all, our teams around the world did a fabulous job. I want to express my sincere gratitude to all the Emerson employees around the world. Thank you. I would also like to thank Emerson's Board of Directors and our shareholders for your support and confidence in the management team.  
2021 was characterized by strong demand in our residential air conditioning business as well as our hybrid and discrete markets in automation. Furthermore, we have experienced a recovery in process automation markets. The automation KOB 3 mix for 2021 was up 2 points to 59%. And Emerson's September 3-month trailing orders were plus 16%.  
We grew 5.3% underlying and leverage at 38% operationally, inclusive of a $140 million swing in our price/cost assumptions from November through to the end of the fiscal year. The earnings quality of this company continues to be excellent with free cash flow conversion of 129%. 
The fourth quarter, however, was challenged significantly by supply chain, logistics and labor challenges. And that is not dissimilar from anything you've heard before. This was experienced in the form of material cost inflation, notably steel, electronics and resins, and lead time extensions. In addition, we experienced logistics challenges in availability of lanes and costs. And lastly, U.S. manufacturing labor, which was characterized by higher turnover rates, absenteeism and overtime costs.  
In the quarter, we missed sales by $175 million. And alongside a challenging price/cost environment in our climate business, it resulted in a negative $0.14 impact to EPS for the quarter and a $0.19 impact to 2021 EPS. Having said that, the company grew 7% in the fourth quarter and had 19% operating leverage.  
Turning to '22 and some initial thoughts. 
The first half of the year will not look dissimilar from the fourth quarter with slight sequential improvement as we go to Q2. Price/cost and supply chain challenges unwind in the second half of the year against the backdrop of continued strong demand. The price/cost assumption in the year will be a positive $100 million for 2022.  
I'm very optimistic for 2022. The operating environment has unpredictability, but it is significantly more stable than a year ago and demand is much stronger. The residential A/C cycle will moderate as we go through 2022. However, we expect automation markets to continue to strengthen driven by digital transformation and modernizations, replacement in MRO markets and select LNG and sustainability-driven KOB 1, most notably methane emissions reduction projects and carbon capture.  I have confidence that we will deliver 30% incrementals on our underlying sales in 2022. This addresses execution, and as you know, that's one of the 3 pillars we identified as a management team for accelerated value creation. 
We have equally taken significant steps in our journey to modernize our culture and advance ESG initiatives. The Board named Jim Turley as the company's Independent Chair of the Board, we named Mike Train as the company's first Chief Sustainability Officer, and we hired Elizabeth Adefioye as Emerson's first Chief People Officer. 
I'm very proud of the diversity targets we set for the enterprise, the changes to our long-term compensation and annual bonus structure to include ESG measures and the commitments we have made to accelerate greenhouse gas intensity reductions.  
Lastly, turning to the portfolio. Please turn to Slide 4. 
We recently concluded a comprehensive portfolio review, which culminated in a 2-day session with our Board of Directors in early October. We left the meeting with a defined portfolio road map and pathways. The key elements were as follows. 
Firstly, in terms of the portfolio today and how we are thinking about it. Diversification is critical. We will continue to divest upstream oil and gas hardware assets. Secondly, we will action low-growth or commoditized businesses. And lastly, we will action disconnected assets. All 3 of these actions will take place over time with intentionality, with patience and a keen awareness of cycles and meeting the value-creation proposition to our shareholders.  
Secondly, we identified 4 large, profitable, high-growth end markets, each with at least $20 billion of size and projected to grow higher than 4% a year into the future supported by macros. The 4 end markets will be the hunting ground for our M&A activity. 
Lastly, we defined 2 possible end states for the portfolio and the journey that we'll embark up and have embarked on.  
One of the 4 markets is industrial software, a $60 billion segment that we identified growing at 9%. The AspenTech transaction is an exciting step for Emerson and a very important transformational step for this corporation. AspenTech is one of the best-run industrial software companies in the space with highly differentiated technology and a phenomenal leadership team led by Antonio Pietri for who I have the greatest personal admiration.  
The AspenTech company will be a highly diversified business with transmission and distribution as its largest served market and is uniquely positioned to enable our energy customers to transition to a lower-carbon future. I'm optimistic of the synergy opportunities that exist and believe the new AspenTech, which will be 55% owned by Emerson shareholders, will be a differentiated platform for future industrial software M&A. I'm very excited about this, as I hope you can tell. We expect to close the transaction in the second quarter of 2022 following the completion and approval of the customary regulatory items. 
With that, I will now turn the call over to Frank Dellaquila, Emerson's Chief Financial Officer.

Thanks, Ram. Let's please turn to Slide 14, and I'll give the team some color on the current environment. 
And looking forward to 2022, demand continues to be strong across both of the platforms. The trailing 3-month orders for Automation Solutions were up 20% versus the prior year driven, as I said prior, by continued automation investments in discrete and hybrid markets, and we believe that will continue into '22, and, of course, the strengthening of the process automation spend. While KOB 2 and KOB 3 drove most of the orders growth in 2021, the new infrastructure bookings for LNG and decarbonization will improve, I believe, through 2022, providing further upside. 
Increased site access will drive increased walkdown and shutdown turnaround activity in the business. To give you perspective, 2021 walkdowns were up 50% year-over-year with more than 5,000 globally, with each walkdown driving substantial KOB 3 pull-through.  
Shutdown turnaround bookings were up -- for -- in '21 10% year-over-year driven by strong spring season that extended into the early summer. 2022 shutdown turnaround outage activity spend is expected to be up mid-single digits, led by chemicals and refining, leading to high single-digit bookings growth.  
Turning to Commercial & Residential Solutions. The U.S. and Europe order rates continue to be strong heading into 2022, while Asia has begun to moderate. Overall, the trailing 3-month orders were 9% in September. And thinking a little bit further into 2022, many of our key climate technologies end markets will continue to have momentum, including aftermarket refrigeration, commercial HVAC, food retail and foodservice driven by new store builds and quick service restaurants and residential heat pumps.  
Turning to Slide 15. 
Looking ahead to 2022, it will be a year characterized by strong underlying demand and an improving operating environment. The late-cycle process automation business will continue its recovery with mid-single-digit annual growth. Meanwhile, discrete and hybrid momentum will endure with high single-digit and mid-single-digit growth, respectively. Growth will moderate in residential markets as demand stabilizes, but improving commercial and industrial environments will benefit Commercial & Residential Solutions. Decarbonization and sustainability projects, as noted earlier, will provide further growth opportunities as budgets get allocated towards these projects. 
Based on this macro landscape, we believe -- we continue to expect demand to be strong in 2022. Supply chain and price/cost headwinds continue through the first half, pressuring first quarter leverage but turn to significant tailwinds in the second half and end positive in the year. 
The team has done a significant amount of work progressing our restructuring programs. Emerson's 2021 adjusted EBITDA of 23.1% surpassed our previous record. Over 90% of our restructuring spend communicated in our investor conference is complete, and over 70% of the savings have been realized with remaining longer-term facility projects left to be completed. Great work as a team.  
Let's turn to Slide 16 and talk about guidance. 
So given this landscape, we expect underlying sales growth of 6% to 8% in 2022 and net sales growth of 4% to 6%. Underlying sales growth for Automation Solutions will be 6% to 8%, while Commercial & Residential Solutions will be 6% to 9%. As Ram discussed, we expect price/cost to turn into tailwind for the year of approximately $100 million. 
$150 million of restructuring activities includes the minimal remaining spend on our cost reset program and additional programs, including footprint activities, that have been identified and are planned in the fiscal year. Historically, our adjusted EPS excludes restructuring and other items like first year purchasing accounting in the calculation.  
Looking at the 2021 column of the bridge to the right, our prior adjusted EPS of $4.10 increases to $4.51 when removing the impact of intangibles amortization expense of $0.41. For 2022, the amortization expense is expected to be approximately $0.42 driven by -- driving, excuse me, our adjusted EPS to between $4.82 and $4.97. Additional details on the calculation are provided in the appendix as well as accounting tables in the press release. 
Please note that all guidance does not include the impact of the AspenTech transaction, which is expected to close, as I said earlier, in the second quarter of calendar year 2022.  
Turning to Slide 17. 
We expect a first quarter 2022 underlying sales growth of 7% to 9% with broad underlying strength across Automation Solutions and Commercial & Residential Solutions. Automation Solutions will experience underlying sales growth in the mid to high single digits, while Commercial & Residential Solutions underlying sales growth will be in the high single digits to low double-digit range. 
Adjusted EPS is expected to be between $0.98 and $1.02. Amortization for the quarter is expected to be roughly $0.10.  
And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Colleen Mettler. Thank you.

No, I think the environment -- I'll start, Andy, with automation. The strength -- I see the strength in the process automation business to continue throughout the year. Very honestly, we're in an environment where $100 oil is not uncertain right now, and we're seeing some restraints in the U.S. shale and discipline at OPEC and things of that sort. That's going to free up significant capacity, particularly at NOCs and some of the larger integrated companies, to move forward on a lot of the programs that will drive the decarbonization initiatives. We've seen that already with many flaring type of projects in the United States, and we'll continue to see that with carbon capture and others accelerating. So I'm highly optimistic about that. 
On the LNG side, there are 2 significant programs that we're pursuing which will be awarded likely, Andy, towards the second half of the year. One is the Baltic LNG investment and, of course, the Qatar North Field expansion being the 2 largest. Those are very significant in terms of capacity additions and investment in automation for us. So both in pursuit.  
Turning to commercial/residential. Yes, I see the residential air conditioning market moderating as we go through the year, and -- but with -- upheld by the commercial strength in the marketplace, which obviously for us is very relevant. So I do see a bit of a mix -- more of a mixed bag in the commercial and residential business driven by that moderation in residential AC.

I do. I obviously think that the solutions that AspenTech brings to the table are incredibly broad in terms of particularly the sustainability journey. And what we're seeing is that the importance of the software, particularly in terms of design and the optimization of assets, will be incredibly relevant as these customers embark on the new projects. And so I regard the energy position as important, but I regard it more importantly from the transition and the share of wallet spend that they'll -- that will be undertaken in the Energy segment.  
Having said that, the platform for investment and diversification, which has been a core component of the Aspen Board for a long time, will continue to be important here as we go forward. And the opportunity, whether it's for M&A and for growth in [ TOD ] and other segments, is a core part of the synergy value.

No. John, I'm not going to do that. But I'll tell you that the activities on the divestitures will be done over time. As I have noted earlier, they'll be done very carefully, at times timed with incoming assets as well. Obviously, we have a large impending transaction on the horizon here. So that's what I'll tell you. 
I do -- I am a firm believer that share of wallet in the Energy segment will continue to move to the 0s and 1 and away from a hardware structure. And hence, we are going to continue to drive down that path. But in terms of sizing that entire bucket for you, I apologize, John, I'm not going to do that.

Obviously, as we finished the -- as we went into September and into the first quarter, we have some comps that are still favorable in the business. So that's one element of it. And then I think normalizing as we go into what will be, I think, still a very strong environment and how I felt it was important for us to guide in that business, Andrew. I think that the opportunities across the 3 served segments of the market are very strong. I think the underlying demand is very strong. But in terms of guiding with certain -- some uncertainties remaining in the supply chain environment, I want to be somewhat cautious as well. But having said that, the demand picture is very optimistic.

Yes. And I'll start. I'll turn it to Ram for a couple of comments as well. 
Look, on the automation side, I really don't see that as a concern. Most of the -- a high part of the business, obviously, 59% in the year, was booked shipped KOB 3, and it went directly into -- not into inventories but into predominantly application -- end user application. As you turn into the climate business, Ram, perhaps a few comments from you.

It's a great question. Obviously, we are 3 months ahead or 4 months ahead of seeing those budgets -- or capital budgets. What we are seeing and have assumed, Tommy, is a continued strength in the operating budget spend, which is, as you know, where a significant amount of the KOB 3 and some KOB 2 falls into. And that strength picked up in the second half of fiscal '21, and we assume and believe it will continue to accelerate as we go through 2022. 
But in terms of the capital environment, beyond the 2 LNG jobs that I -- that are obviously funded and moving through bidding phases, we'll see what else comes out of the capital plans. But I would expect, Tommy, that there would be sustainable type of investments. Again, the methane emissions is a big deal, and I think we saw something from the U.S. around those standards and, of course, carbon capture, of which I think will be more and more significant as we go through the year. So we'll see. But you're right, we'll watch that very carefully as we go into Jan.

Yes. So a phenomenal first year for the company, approximately $190 million in revenue in 2021, growing to approximately $220 million in 2022, well ahead of synergy Board plans, great execution globally. We won our first transmission/distribution project in Europe with a very large customer in the Netherlands and Northern Germany. We won our first transmission/distribution project in Australia, in Tasmania, again planting critical flags. And we're significantly engaged with the large power producers and transmission companies in the United States. So realizing the synergies and great growth and profitability. So I feel really good about the acquisition. And as it goes into AspenTech, it goes in with lots of momentum into the business.

Well, I -- not really. Not really. Obviously, our systems and software business has outgrown our device business. Our digital transformation initiatives, which are both software and device based, have outgrown the remainder of the business. 
But having said that, I really don't -- I wouldn't note a significant difference as we go through. A lot of the KOB 3 business is device layer type of business. Where you'd see perhaps a little bit of a bifurcation, to be honest, is if you look at that KOB 1-heavy, dependent businesses, some of those in Final Control. But beyond that, I'd suggest I think we'll see broad portfolio alignment as we go through, and it's really a delta of 1 point or so between them.

Yes, go ahead. Go ahead.

Yes, sure. Sure, Andy (sic) [ Deane ]. no, industrial software M&A will occur at AspenTech and it'll be -- it will occur at AspenTech. Having said that, Industrial Software is only one of the 3 large market segments being -- that we'll be acquisitive in, and you'll see those as we play those out. You -- obviously, they'll become public knowledge. But no, I -- and we've got a great platform there to transact M&A in software with what I believe will be a market multiple that will enable the economics to work from a transaction perspective and from a value creation perspective.

Yes. No, I think we're going to play this out, as I had mentioned earlier, over time. And I think I used the expression when we were in New York for the AspenTech transaction announcement that this is a marathon, that we're going to be very deliberate and thoughtful as we go through this. We're going to be keenly aware of the value proposition to the shareholders and impacts to free cash flow and impacts to value creation as we go through the journey. 
The end game, of course, is to create a portfolio that's more connected, a portfolio that has an underlying sales potential that is higher and consequently can deliver, through cycles, double-digit EPS. That's the objective here. And so for that, we need to expose the portfolio to more of those markets. 
And between the strong balance sheet of the company, the strong balance sheet that AspenTech will have as well and the divestiture work on this side, I think we can -- we get there over a number of years. But there were meaningful conversations with our Board. There were great debates. Obviously, this was a body of work over a number of months, almost 4 months, that our partners did alongside management. And -- but we have pathways now and optionality. And this is why we have 2 potential end states here.

Yes.

No. Yes, sir. No. Yes, sir. No,  that is the plan. That's what the fiscal plan rolls up and the commitment we're making. It does include the price. Obviously, it's all in. It's all in of first half headwinds that we described and second half turning into tailwinds, whether that's price/cost or supply chain. But as Frank, I think, said, that will be below in the first half as we -- and improve as we get into the second half, obviously. But for the year, I feel very, very good about the 30 points of incrementals on the underlying sales.

Yes. No, I think that's a great question, Scott, as well. So we identified approximately $1 billion of KOB 1 projects. Now that includes also transmission/distribution but also a whole slew of sustainability and renewable jobs inclusive of hydrogen, including carbon capture, et cetera, biofuels and other things. So as we go forward, I -- and then we've continued to look at our funnel and address our funnel and how we communicate the funnel. I think it'll be important for us to break those out and give you some visibility to it. So I think that's a fair question.

Yes. Great question, Julian. Good to hear your voice, yes. So backlog situation, normally, if you look at our typical performance in automation, Q3, Q4 last year, for example, I believe we've reduced backlog by about $400 million. This year, we reduced it by $100 million. A lot of that was reflected in that $125 million miss in the quarter for Automation Solutions. So the backlog situation coming into the -- obviously, is stronger. But having said that, we do expect KOB 3 to remain strong. I think the data that we're seeing and the commitments our customers are making, particularly around STO activity, is very, very robust. 
And then secondly, modernization programs and the KOB 1 that I outlined, whether that is sustainability or LNG, I think, will come in and support the second half of the year. Obviously, KOB 1, for the most part, will not turn into revenue with the exception of perhaps some of the earlier feed stuff that -- in our systems business, as you know, Julian, but robust and will pick up as we go through the second half of the year.

Our perspective is that we've got a couple of looming regulatory changes on the environment, efficiency and obviously referred to in [indiscernible] in '23 and refrigerants in '25. 
It's been an interesting cycle to call where we've -- I've spent time with 2 of our largest OEM customers this quarter. I went down in Carolina and visited with Train. I went down to Miami and visited with Carrier. And we're staying very lockstep in terms of understanding their demand and their projections for demand as we go through the fiscal. But we do believe that there's a moderation, not a cliff as we go through the year.  
Great. Well, Julian, thank you very much. And with that, I think we're going to close the call. I thank you all for your time this morning and appreciate the questions. And thank you for your support.