Thank you, Andrew. Shifting to the global crop protection market. We previously forecasted the global market to be up low single digits in 2020. We now project the markets will be flat versus the prior year, due to the various impacts from COVID-19 and the strength of the U.S. dollar. All these forecasts are for the market, not FMC and are in U.S. dollars. 
We forecast that the North American market will grow in the low single digits, same as we thought 3 months ago, based on the assumptions of increased acreage for row crops and a recovery in Canada after 2 years of dry conditions. We expect the market in Europe will grow a little faster than we thought before, but still low single digits, driven by strength in Eastern Europe and in the cereals and corn markets. 
We now expect the Asian market will be down slightly versus our prior estimate of low single-digit growth, based on the impact we have already seen from COVID-19 in China, India and other countries, in addition to FX headwinds. We also lowered our forecast for the Latin American market significantly, as we now expect it to contract by low to mid-single digits versus slight growth in our prior view. This decline is driven by weaker currencies rather than lower demand. 
Moving to Slide 7 and the review of our full year 2020 and Q2 earnings outlook. Factoring in certain potential challenges brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic and FX headwinds, the company is widening guidance ranges to incorporate more risk to the downside of our prior guidance. FMC full year 2020 adjusted earnings are now expected to be in the range of $6.05 to $6.70 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 5% at the midpoint. EPS estimates do not include the benefit of any share repurchases in 2020, which the company is suspending, as Andrew indicated. 
2020 revenue is now forecasted to be in the range of $4.65 billion to $4.85 billion, an increase of 3% at the midpoint versus 2019 and 8% organic growth. We believe the strength of our portfolio will allow us to deliver high single-digit organic growth, continuing a multiyear trend of above-market performance. 
Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $1.23 billion to $1.34 billion, which represents a 5% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. We believe Q2 will represent the most challenging and uncertain conditions related to COVID-19 and currencies. Adjusted earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $1.58 to $1.74, flat at the midpoint versus Q2 2019. We forecast Q2 revenue to be in the range of $1.17 billion to $1.23 billion, which is flat at the midpoint compared to second quarter '19. Excluding the significant FX headwinds, revenue is expected to increase 5% organically, driven primarily by an improvement in Western Europe, strength in Latin America and new products gaining traction around the world. Adjusted EBITDA is forecasted to be in the range of $317 million to $347 million, representing a 2% decrease at the midpoint versus the prior year period. 
Turning to Slide 8 and full year revenue drivers. Revenue is expected to benefit from 4% volume growth, with the largest growth expected in North America and Asia. New products are driving about 1.5% in total revenue growth, with the largest contribution coming from EMEA. 
With the significant shift in global currencies, you can see that FX is now forecasted to be a 5% top line headwind. For reference, in February, we were only forecasting a 1% revenue headwind from currencies. However, we expect to offset most of these headwinds with price increases throughout the year. Regarding EBITDA, we're expecting COVID-related impacts to supply chain costs, pockets of demand and global currencies. To help mitigate these, we quickly implemented proactive cost-saving measures to offset approximately $60 million of the anticipated headwinds, in addition to significant price increases. 
When you net out the expected COVID-19 impacts, including currencies, with our cost-saving measures and price increases, COVID-19 could still reduce EBITDA by a range of $0 million to $70 million. Therefore, the midpoint of our current EBITDA guidance is $1.285 billion or $35 million lower than our prior guidance. 
I should note that if we see the headwinds pushing the net impact towards the higher end of the range, we will implement further cost-saving measures in the second half of the year. Foreign exchange is obviously a critical factor in our outlook. We now foresee an impact of $170 million for the full year, driven by numerous currencies, including the euro, Indian rupee, Indonesian rupee, Brazilian real and the Mexican peso, et cetera. This broad-based movement is an important factor in the timing for how we will recover price versus FX. 
In the second quarter, we expect an FX impact of $45 million, with price recovery of $15 million or 33%. This price-to-FX gap is driven by 2 main elements. First is the relative lack of pricing power in the second quarter in Latin America and specifically in Brazil. This is driven by the fact that it is the tail end of the season in Brazil and historically very little pricing changes are made in the season at this time, as volumes tend to be lower and growers are focusing on the harvest. Second is our approach to the market in Asia. In market significantly impacted by COVID-19, we do not feel that it would be appropriate to increase prices at this time. And as such, we will be looking to recover pricing over the latter part of the year rather than in Q2. 
Looking at the full year, pricing actions of $160 million are expected to cover approximately 95% of the FX headwind. This change in coverage is mainly the recovery of price in Latin America as we set prices for the new season in Q3, which will reflect the exchange rates we are seeing and is a normal pattern. Pricing recovery in Asia in the latter part of the year is another element, as previously discussed. 
Supply chain is also an important factor for our outlook, as we have already seen some temporary shutdowns around the world. As you know, we and the industry have been managing plant shutdowns in China over the past 2 years. And FMC has successfully met the demands of our customers. The same teams that helped us successfully navigate those situations are now very active in managing COVID-19-induced restrictions. 
In addition, we are taking a conservative approach that we may see pockets of reduced demand due to food chain dislocations and labor availability. Our cost-saving measures will help offset these headwinds. We began implementing them in early March, and we will realize savings in each quarter this year. The cost savings are focused on 2 elements, SG&A and R&D. We are eliminating or delaying all nonessential expenditures and have frozen hiring. 
In R&D, we are not canceling any projects, but we are phasing some differently to allow lower cost this year without fundamentally impacting long-term time lines. These cost-saving actions will be temporary. Most of these costs will return in 2021, and we can confidently say that we will not impact the growth of our company. 
On Slide 9, you see the main reason EBITDA is expected to fall 2% in the second quarter, is due to the significant FX headwind as discussed previously. New product launches in Europe, North America and Asia will all contribute to solid overall volume gains in Q2, and we expect organic revenue growth of 5%. 
Turning to new technologies and our strategic intent to expand our fungicide portfolio on Slide 10. Please note, this is the slide we added to the updated deck this morning. Earlier today, we announced a binding offer to acquire the remaining rights for Fluindapyr fungicide for geographies we didn't already control from Isagro for EUR 55 million. You may recall us talking about Fluindapyr as one of the first active ingredients coming out of our R&D pipeline. 
We have been codeveloping this broad spectrum fungicide with Isagro for several years and are set to launch the active ingredient in Paraguay this fall and in the U.S. next spring. With the full global rights, we now believe peak sales will be in the range of $350 million to $400 million, including estimates for Isagro's key European, Asian and Latin American territories. 
As a carboxamide, Fluindapyr belongs to one of the newest classes of fungicides, targeting a broad range of plant diseases, including Asia soybean rust in row crops, specialty crops and turf applications. Following the launches in Paraguay and the U.S., we expect to launch Fluindapyr in China in 2022, Europe and Argentina in 2023 and Brazil in 2024. We expect to close the acquisition by the end of the third quarter of 2020. 
Additionally, the second new active ingredient from our R&D pipeline, bixlozone, now branded as Isoflex active is also progressing towards a launch. We recently received full registration for Overwatch herbicide with Isoflex active in Australia and is set to launch in the 2021 winter crop season. It offers a new mode of action for grass weeds in cereals. We intend to launch Isoflex active in all 4 regions by 2025, and we anticipate peak sales of $450 million to $500 million. Isoflex is an exciting addition to our herbicide portfolio and will serve as a centerpiece to many of our herbicide crop segment and mixture strategies. 
Finally, in the U.S., we recently received EPA approval for a new diamide-based formulated product. Elevest insecticide allows growers to upgrade the superior residual control of Rynaxypyr insecticide, while keeping the rapid action of bifenthrin. It will play an important role in our plans to expand the diamide franchise. While the U.S. is the first country to receive the registration, we expect to launch this product in all key geographies. 
Before I close, I would like to highlight FMC's recent recognition as the American Chemistry Council's Responsible Care Company of the Year for the third time since 2017. This annual award is the highest ACC distinction for excellence and leadership in environmental, health, safety and sustainability. While FMC has undergone many changes over the past few years, our commitment to operating safely and sustainably remains steadfast. 
I'll now turn the call back to Pierre.

Yes. Chris, it's Mark. When we started the work on Fluindapyr many years ago, we've built over the years an appreciation for what we believe this molecule can do. And as we said today, we think we're in the $350 million to $400 million range. Frankly speaking, I think it's closer to $400 million than $350 million. FMC had a view that our other pipeline of Fluindapyr, the ones that we developed together, were in the $250 million range. So you can see we're adding somewhere in the region of $150-plus million of peak revenue with this acquisition. 
Overall, the fungicide portfolio for us continues to grow. We're doing some interesting things with third parties around getting access to new fungicides. And certainly, as we scour the world and look at what is available, we will add acquisition targets to our list and continue to build out fungicides. I've said for many quarters and certainly the last few years, it is an area for us to build out. It is fast growing. We like where we are. We think we have a very good position, but more to do as we go forward.

Sure. Yes. Adam, as you all know, it's a very complicated marketplace. I'll try and hit some of the highlights and some areas where we're really focused on in terms of where we think we may see a slowdown. Certainly, in the U.S. right now, when you look at the balance of corn and soy, I have to say our pre-emergent business is doing very well, especially with our newer products, such as Authority Edge, which are extremely high performing, not only in the U.S. but also in Canada. I would say wheat is also a positive right now with what we see going on around the world. We have a very strong portfolio of sulfur and urea herbicides on wheat. Sugarcane in Brazil is another area that is actually -- some people view it as a negative, we actually don't view it as a negative. The big Brazilian producers of sugar are actually benefiting from an extremely weak BRL, which allows them to participate to a greater degree on the world market, obviously, somewhat offset by lower ethanol demand in the U.S. But it was very strong for us in Q1, and we expect to see that continue. 
The fruit and veg area is somewhere we've been focused on. You know it's an important part of our portfolio. We continue to see growth. A couple of the reasons we see growth. Part of our product launches that we talk about, where we believe we have about 1.5% of growth, a lot of that is coming from new applications in fruit and vegetables. I'll give you an example. We have about 300 new registrations this year across the world for all sorts of different crops, many of those focused on the specialty and niche crops. So yes, when we talk about demand destruction or dislocations in the food chain or labor availability, I would think fruit and vegetables is one of the areas where we're keeping a very close eye on. 
In other parts of the world, we're expanding into new areas, for instance, in soy, in sugarcane, in particular, in India, where we have new herbicides, we're seeing growth there. So for us, once again, the portfolio is very fragmented. It's well balanced across the world. So we do see areas of lower demand. One of the obvious ones for us right now is cotton. The cotton market is extremely challenged, given where world demand is, given the situation from COVID-19. I expect Brazil will have a lower planted area this year, probably India as well. So we're watching those 2 places as potentials for lower demand.

Yes. I think, PJ, to the second part of your question around terms, liquidity is not bad everywhere. A lot of people tend to focus on the stress that the U.S. market has been under for some time. But you look at places like Brazil, where in local currencies, the growers are doing extremely well. So in those particular markets, which are large for us, we're not looking at extending terms. If you look at our DSOs, you will have seen them grow a little bit over the last year. The reality is we're growing in some jurisdictions that have longer natural terms, and that's something that we're willing to accept is obviously profitable growth for us. So a mixture of price and then growth in different jurisdictions causes that DSO to move out a little bit, but it's not something that we're unconcerned with. We're watching very closely. And obviously, we will react to the markets. As the markets move, we will move. And in some cases, we lead the markets, especially on price.

Yes, Laurent. Yes, we are feeling a little more confident in Europe. I mean obviously, the season has started very dry, although it is raining now in Northern Europe, which is good. Southern Europe has been much better. And even during the extensive lockdown in Italy, our business has been very good. Teams using very different tools to actually sell. We do have new product launches really in herbicides in Europe, which are for cereals. That is a big market that FMC is growing into. So we don't necessarily have to be linked to the market growth for us to grow very well. And then we continue to see an extension of our insecticides, the diamide sales continue to grow in Europe as well. So a combination of herbicides, insecticides and some new third-party fungicides that we're putting in place as well. 
You're right, we're not very big in fungicides in Europe. So anything we can do there will help boost our growth. I would say that the other piece to that is we're growing in Russia, Ukraine, Eastern Europe, where we've never, over the last 2 years, had a huge presence, but we put a lot of effort into those countries. The team in Europe is expanding the number of people on the ground, and we are growing in those areas. That also boosts our confidence for our growth in Europe.

Yes. You hit the highlight, Pierre. Carbofuran at the end of last year, we decided to exit that older insecticide. I would say it's a combination of some smaller products and then a couple of big ones this year. Carbofuran, Europe has been hit with the removal of dimethoate, which is another insecticide. Tebuconazole which is a fungicide. Asia also was hit by the carbofuran removal. So when you think about it, it's really related to older insecticides that we're removing out of the portfolio. And I would expect the vast majority of that to occur in Europe as we go through the rest of the year, outside of the carbofuran removal.

Yes. Sure, Steve. So listen, Latin America, I mean, most people associate Latin America and Brazil with FMC, which is fine. But I think what we've seen over the last 2 years is a return to growth in many parts of Latin America. We talked a lot about Argentina and how we've restructured the business. Argentina is growing very rapidly for us. We have a very good portfolio that meets the crop needs down there. Good position on pre-emergent herbicides for soy and insecticides with the diamides. In the rest of Latin America, Mexico is benefiting a lot from our portfolio in terms of fruit and vegetables and specialty crops. And then we're returning to growth in many of the Andean countries, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Chile. So not only are we seeing geographic growth from our portfolio, but then you look at Brazil, we have been very careful in Brazil of how we've grown over the last few years. We talked about being careful on our balance sheet, but we've really focused on in the south, the major co-ops, expanding a position that we really never had until the last couple of years since the acquisition of the new portfolio. We're also now turning our attention where we have major presence in market shares in cotton, in coffee, in sugarcane. We're also turning the portfolio to market access in the north for the soy/corn business. That suits us very well. We're gaining market access there. So we expect to continue to see growth on the row crops in Brazil, which have never really -- never been a big market for us, and we have a very small, low single-digit market share. 
One of the things on the sugarcane, the second part of your question is, you're right. Sugarcane is a multiyear crop, and replenishment tends to occur at the 15% to 20% range. Some years higher, some years lower. We are a little higher than normal. But what is happening is the growers are looking for as high a yield as they can possibly get. And therefore, they're using the highest quality products, which will allow that yield to come forward. We have some very good herbicides in market-leading position. So we take more of a share when the growers are looking for higher sugar yields than they would normally do in the past.

Yes. It's -- Mark, it's -- we talk about it a lot. Why don't we put active ingredient manufacturing down into Latin America, especially in the south between Argentina and Brazil. It would be an obvious place to go for us from a demand perspective. The only problem is with a lot of specialty and fine chemicals, you need infrastructure around you. You need close supply of many intermediates that are sometimes not difficult -- not easy to make. Unfortunately, there is not that chemical infrastructure in the MERCOSUR region. And therefore, we intend to import active ingredients and then formulate and package in Brazil, in Argentina.

Sure. We talked about it in a roundabout way over the last year in terms of what we've been doing behind the scenes. I'm not going to spoil the team's thunder because we have something coming up in the next couple of weeks that will be very public. But we do believe, like many in our industry that from a sustainable ag perspective, the use of data, the use of forward-looking applications and mechanization has to help the industry. And we want to be part of that. We've invested in that so far. We continue to invest. And you will be seeing something in the next few weeks from us that shows that we're not thinking in the same way as many of our competitors but we are going to do some very different things with products and applications that will allow growers to utilize our products at the right point in time for their applications, therefore, would be much more sustainable in terms of amount of product used and where it is used. So stay tuned. This will be the first move we're making, but we will be making more moves. We have some very, very novel and interesting ideas of where we can take technology, that's not core to our base, but will be enabled by the growers in distribution.