Thank you, Zack, and good morning, everyone. FMC delivered another quarter of strong growth in a dynamic global environment, while offsetting high input costs with our ability to price for the value we offer to growers. Overall, first half performance was primarily driven by significant price increases and volume gains. This growth reflects robust market demand globally despite cost inflation and FX headwinds.  
We continue to expect a strong second half of the year, driven again by price increases and volume growth in a supportive market environment. Turning to Slide 3. Before we review details of our quarterly results and full year outlook, I'd like to offer a few comments on our recently completed acquisition of BioPhero, a Denmark-based insect control company that has pioneered a bioprocessing technology used to manufacture pheromone crop protection products.  
As you may know, pheromones are naturally produced by insects to trigger a social response in members of the same species. Pheromones are used in a variety of ways to protect crops by disrupting the insect mating process and hence, significantly lowering subsequent generations of target insect larvae, which would otherwise damage crops. There are several methods to manufacture pheromones, but BioPhero's proprietary fermentation route is a game changer, enabling high-volume production of pheromones at significantly lower costs than other production routes.  
The acquisition, which closed on July 19, significantly expands our rapidly growing biologicals portfolio within FMC's Plant Health business. It provides a platform for large-scale production of pheromones and pheromone-based crop protection products which are expected to generate approximately $1 billion in revenue at above average EBITDA margins by 2030. We have been expanding our plant health technology base and this acquisition is another great opportunity to continue bringing biological products to growers around the world.  
Our Q2 results are detailed on Slides 4, 5 and 6. Revenue was up 21% organically, EBITDA up 3% and EPS up 7%, driven by strong market demand for our innovative portfolio and an average price increase of 7%. Adjusted earnings were $1.93 per diluted share in the quarter, $0.08 above the midpoint of our guidance range. The year-over-year EPS increase was primarily driven by an increase in EBITDA and lower share count.  
GAAP results reflect the impact of our exit from Russia in April this year. We had double-digit growth across several product categories, with insecticide showing the greatest increase at over 20% year-over-year. Our herbicide portfolio also had a strong quarter with 15% growth led by North America and EMEA. Sales from products launched in the past 5 years grew more than 35% compared to the same period last year.  
These products made up 10% of our total sales in the quarter. The Global Plant Health business grew 20% year-over-year, led by a 35% growth in our biologicals portfolio. The momentum of this business reflects our customers' demand for new, sustainable solutions. We reported $1.45 billion in second quarter sales led by price and volume growth in Latin America and North America. In North America, sales increased 26% year-over-year. Demand for both herbicides and insecticides grew double digits.  
In Canada, high pest pressure supported the successful launch of Coragen MaX, an insecticide powered by Rynaxypyr, targeting a broad spectrum of pests such as grasshoppers in cereals and other crops. Diamide sales were impacted in California and Texas due to dry conditions, but this was offset by growth in the Midwest in soy and corn.  
In Latin America, sales increased 44% year-over-year led by Brazil, Mexico and Argentina. Results were driven by the full range of our insecticide portfolio for soy, corn and cotton. Sales in EMEA grew 3% versus the prior year and were up 15% organically. Aside from strong pricing, results were driven by increased demand for herbicides. And finally, Asia was down 1% versus the second quarter last year and up 4% organically.  
Pricing gains were offset by FX headwinds. The demand for Cyazypyr grew in India for applications on fruits and vegetables. In Australia, Overwatch Herbicide continued to outperform competing products in cereals. Overall, adjusted EBITDA was $360 million, an increase of 3% compared to the prior year period and $10 million above the midpoint of our guidance range.  
Volume gains and price increases more than offset cost inflation and FX headwinds. Average price increases of 7% contributed $84 million in the quarter. As we expected, cost headwinds more than doubled from the first quarter as inflation continued to challenge our supply chains. FX was a $23 million headwind in the quarter due to the weakening of European and Asian currencies against the U.S. dollar.  
Before we review FMC's full year 2022 and second half earnings outlook, let me update you on our views regarding the overall market conditions. We now expect the global crop protection market will be up mid- to high single digits on a U.S. dollar basis versus our earlier expectation of low to mid-single-digit growth. Latin America is now expected to be up double digits, primarily driven by pricing of nonselective herbicides.  
We still expect North America to be up mid-single digits, while Asia is now expected to grow low single digits. EMEA is still expected to be down low single digits, including the impact of FX. Excluding currency impact, EMEA is expected to grow low-single digits. While commodity prices have come down somewhat from their highs earlier in the year, they remain elevated versus historical averages. This bodes well for the demand of our crop protection products through the end of this year and well into 2023.  
Moving to Slide 7. We have seen pronounced shifts in demand and costs between individual quarters this year. Therefore, looking at the business in halves gives a better understanding of the underlying performance. For the first half, performance was very strong as a result of price increases and volume growth, which contributed $178 million and $132 million to EBITDA, respectively. These drivers more than offset significant cost and FX headwinds of almost $250 million, resulting in 9% EBITDA growth over the prior year period.  
In the context of our full year guidance, first half EBITDA growth represents more than 3/4 of the increase required to achieve the midpoint of our full year guidance. When we consider the drivers for the second half of the year, prices again expected to contribute more to EBITDA than volume. Cost increases are expected to have the biggest impact in the third quarter with continued, but lower cost inflation forecasted in the fourth quarter. There are 2 primary reasons for the expected cost increases.  
The first reason is the cost inflation related to sourcing from secondary and tertiary suppliers due to lack of availability from our preferred suppliers. The second reason is the lag of 6 months between procuring high-cost material and its impact on our P&L since FMC typically turns inventory twice a year. Latin America and North America are our biggest drivers of revenue in the second half. And we have already captured roughly 70% of the orders needed in Brazil to deliver our second half guidance.  
For reference, this is normally around 50% at this time of the year. The increase in orders is due to the higher-than-average cluster demand driven by favorable commodity prices. In the U.S., Q4 order discussions are taking place as we speak, which is much earlier than in previous years, making us confident in our forecast. Overall, we expect the second half of the year to contribute 2% in EBITDA growth following a very strong second half of 2021.  
Turning to Slide 8 and the review of FMC's full year 2022 earnings outlook. After a strong first half of the year, we are raising full year 2022 revenue to a range of $5.5 billion to $5.7 billion, representing an increase of 11% at the midpoint versus 2021. Sales growth will be driven by volume and price growth in all regions, partially offset by foreign currency impact in EMEA and Asia.  
We are narrowing the full year adjusted EBITDA range to $1.36 billion to $1.44 billion, representing a 6% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. The range for 2022 adjusted earnings per share is narrowed as well and is now expected to be in the $7 to $7.70 per diluted share, representing an increase of 6% year-over-year at the midpoint.  
Consistent with past practice, we do not factor in any benefit from potential future share repurchases in our EPS guidance. Q3 and Q4 outlook is provided on Slide 9. Midpoint of our third quarter guidance implies year-over-year sales growth of 13%. Q3 EBITDA and EPS growth are expected to be limited by the highest cost increases of the year despite the targeted mid- to high single-digit price increases.  
FX volatility in the absence of sales in Russia will also be headwinds to earnings in the quarter. Guidance for Q4 implies year-over-year sales growth of 2% at the midpoint compared to the exceptionally strong growth in the prior year period. Cost increases are forecasted to be lower in Q4 compared to Q3 while price increases are expected to continue. This is anticipated to result in an EBITDA growth of 17% at the midpoint, with EPS up 13% at the midpoint year-over-year.  
Moving now to the updated drivers of 2022 EBITDA outcomes on Slide 10. While the market growth assumptions have improved, costs remain elevated, though we are beginning to see the signs of cost inflation flattening. Price in the mid- to high single digit and strong volume growth are expected to offset cost and FX headwinds, keeping the midpoint of our guidance unchanged. While we expect the highest cost increases of the year in Q3, we do not expect material benefits from easing inflation to be realized until 2023.  
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. FMC delivered solid financial performance in the second quarter despite a challenging macro environment. Price increases across all regions and strong volume growth continued to deliver strong EBITDA growth in an inflationary period. At the same time, the broader agricultural market remains positive, which we expect to continue throughout 2023. FMC remains well positioned to outperform the industry in this environment with a focus on crop protection chemicals and biological products working to our advantage. 
The year is turning out largely as we expected, with a strong first half followed by a second half that is constrained by costs, especially in Q3, delivering an overall strong 2022. I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.

Yes. Thanks, Chris. Pretty obvious question to start the ball rolling. Look, when you look at Q3 and Q4, I think we've been pretty clear on the slides and in the script that Q3 is driven really by the cost that we see flowing through the P&L. And Q4 is driven by a lack of that same increase in cost. 
If you look at the top line, we have strong growth in Q3, around about 13% at the midpoint, yet we have 2% top line growth in Q4. What does that tell you? It tells you that our Q4 is not necessarily driven by the external environment. That EBITDA growth is all controlled from inside the company. And the reason we see this cadence in the second half is very simply. 
When we buy raw materials, we have about a 6-month lag before the cost of those raw materials flow through our P&L. So for instance, the costs that we're seeing in Q3 are costs that we knew were coming back in Q1. So for us, it's not a surprise.  It's a large amount, but we've continued to see that increase as we've done over the last 18 months. 
Now from a confidence perspective, think of the following. I just said in the script that in Latin America, in particular in Brazil, we have more orders on hand than we would normally have by a considerable degree. Why is that? While at the end of the day, the markets are robust. Commodity prices are still high. 
Brazil is getting ready for what will be a robust season, and we will continue to see acreage increase in Brazil and other parts of Latin America. We're seeing the same thing in the U.S. and Canada markets, where customers are now talking to us already about Q4 demand. That doesn't normally happen at this stage of the cycle. It's usually a month or so later than this. 
So we know already that we have a high degree of confidence, not only from the top line perspective in Q4, but also from a cost perspective, why? Because we've already incurred a lot of those costs in Q2 that will hit in Q4. So we know to the vast majority of what the cost structure will be in Q4. 
I'll add to the fact that for the first time, I think, in probably about 3 years, I can tell you, we're not actually managing any crisis out of China. Things are flowing very well for us. Our manufacturing units are operating. Our suppliers are generally operating well. And we already see that flowing through. So we feel very confident about supply. The other element is price. 
You can see that we've raised our prices significantly as we move from midyear last year. A lot of those prices are already embedded into our cost structure and pricing structure for the third and fourth quarters. It doesn't mean to say that we're not still moving price, we are and there'll be more price increases coming. But the fact is we have a very high degree of confidence on Q4. 
Just a further comment on Q3, you can see the change is predominantly driven by the impact of costs that we've seen flowing through our P&L. But there is another factor. The biggest impact of our Russian exit is in Q3. And remember, we've kept our midpoint guidance of $1.4 billion despite absorbing $25 million of lack of EBITDA from Russia. 
So I think that kind of gets lost in the noise here that we are covering Russia and we haven't moved our guidance downwards. So I think that's a very positive aspect of how we're managing the P&L. So I hope that gives you a little more insight into how we feel about Q4, Q3. We're very confident of Q4. We're also very confident about top line in Q3.

Yes. I mean we do believe that we're at this what we call the highest level of inflation. We are starting to see it taper off. Obviously, I've just commented that on Q4. We will expect to see that continue as we go into 2023. If that continues and our normal cadence of flow through the P&L occurs, it would be in the second half of the year that you would start to see some significant benefit from that. 
I doubt whether you would see it in the first half because although I'm talking about a lower inflation, costs are still high, make no mistake. So I think it's the second half of next year that we would start to see that real acceleration of lower costs.

I'm glad you're not asking the guidance, Joel. It is little early.

Yes. I hear you. Listen, I think from a margin perspective, what you're seeing in Q3 and Q4 are pretty extremes around the midpoint. Obviously, we've got a lot of cost in Q3. And then we have the advantages of a lot of price allied to a good P&L. I do think you'll see more normalized margins for us as we go into the first half of next year. 
So if you look at our margins over the last, I would say, 12 months in that sort of 25% plus range, I think that's what we would expect. So I wouldn't go any further than that at this point because, frankly, I don't have the numbers going into early next year. We're right in the middle of our budget process now. So kind of expect average margins as we go into the first half of next year.

Yes. I think when you look at BioPhero, we're acquiring about 30 people with the acquisition. All those people are essentially in R&D. There are 1 or 2 that are in manufacturing and supply chain. I do think that the expense for that -- if you took a base level, something around $10 million additive to where FMC is today on an R&D expense is not a bad number. It's rough at this point, but that's what I would be thinking, Joe.

Yes. I'll start with the inventories, Laurence. We're very okay with inventory levels pretty much everywhere in the world right now. I would say the only spot and I've commented on this at the last earnings call is there has been a significant reduction in rice acres in India.  And we're working through inventory in India. That will be done as we go through the second half of the year. 
Everywhere else, frankly speaking, is very good from our perspective on inventory. So we're not worried about that going into the end of the year. With regards to Latin America growth, we are on a growth trajectory because we're building out our market share in pretty much every country from Mexico, Argentina and Brazil. What's little known. We talked about it a little bit in Brazil is our market access. We're investing in more sales resources to reach further into distribution and retail and especially with the major co-ops in the South. 
So the growth we're seeing is actually market share growth, especially in corn and soy with insecticides and herbicides. So I know the numbers look big in Latin America, but we really are growing very quickly, and it's new growth for us. It's not necessarily repeat growth in the sense of selling to the same people, which we obviously do. We're expanding that market access.

Yes. I think we've got quite a ways to go. I mean, when you look at the size of our company and you look at the market, given where it is today, we have roughly 9% market share of the crop protection chemical market with the most robust pipeline and new product introductions that are now this year alone over the products that have launched over the last 5 years is $600 million of business that we'll do with those new products. I expect that algorithm to continue for a considerable amount of time. We know our insecticide portfolio is very strong, and we know that we're taking share from older chemistries that are getting registration losses that we can take advantage of. So I don't see that algorithm slowing down for quite a long time, Laurence.

In the first half, it's very difficult to say as a percentage of the raw materials that we acquire. Only I can give you an anecdote, Laurent, that is basically. When I talk to my procurement groups and supply chain groups, when it was second half of last year and first half of this year, the conversations were all about where are we getting materials where we're short, and that was quite a long list. In today's reviews that we have, the list is extremely short, and we very rarely talk about secondary sources at this point. So it has changed in a meaningful way over the last 6 months. That's about as good as I could give you from a perspective.

No, we're absolutely opposite. I mean I think a lot of the nonselectives are in a world of their own in terms of pricing is so closely linked to the raw material costs that you do see rapid increases, which we've seen over the last 18 months. You're likely to see some decreases as those pressures alleviate. We're in a very different ball game. We've been raising prices on the back of the value that we bring. We're raising prices as we speak in many parts of the world, and we'll continue to do so. So we do not see a deceleration of pricing as we go over the next 6 to 9 months to 12 months, we're increasing price right now.

Yes, sure. India is the main factor for us, as I said, that working through that channel inventory due to rice. I would say the ASEAN countries are continuing to grow for us, especially on rice and fruit and vegetables are 2 big segments for us in those countries. Australia on cereals with the launch of the new herbicide last year is doing very, very well. We don't mention China because it's not one of our biggest countries. Certainly, it's a sourcing point for us. But from a revenue perspective, it's north of $100 million. It's a highly competitive market. 
It's not a market that we consider one of our top strategic markets. We'll grow there, we'll introduce technologies, but it's not something that is driving the region. The region is really being driven by ASEAN and all the countries in ASEAN, India, Pakistan and Australia. Those are the key drivers. Now interestingly enough, from a plant health perspective and a biological perspective, South Korea and Japan are very important markets, especially South Korea, as they have quite a flourishing biological industry there and a lot of very high-quality fruit and vegetables, which can use the biologicals. So Asia is becoming very interesting from that plant health perspective for us.

Yes. So from an energy perspective or use of energy in our manufacturing facilities, all of our manufacturing facilities and especially our major one in Ronland, we can use flex fuel to run the facility. So in Ronland,  we traditionally run on natural gas. Obviously, that's been curtailed given Russian activities. We can also run on diesel fuel in Ronland and have been doing for some time. 
There are cost inflation elements there that are built into our overall cost structure. We have a pretty good view on what we think costs will be going forward longer term for those facilities. From a raw material perspective, I think we procure something like $200 million of raw materials out of our $2.7 billion purchases come from Germany.  And we have dual sources for all those materials in other parts of the world. So from a supply perspective, we have that one pretty secured.

Yes. The launches that are coming are mainly herbicides in Europe, which kind of start now, but really pick up steam in Q4. We've got insecticides in Canada that have started now. We're seeing that growth. Obviously, that will continue. And then we have quite a number of smaller products in Asia they get launched. I don't think at this point that we're seeing any lumpiness in terms of launch expense. 
It's pretty much built into our [ S&R ] our SG&A expense as we go through each quarter. We have a very good view of our launch schedule, so we know what's coming. We pretty much spend money on launches about 2.5 years before the actual launch itself. So it's not all of a sudden a step-up. It's rather a gradual spend increase as we go over the number of quarters. So in Q3, it really is not necessarily to do with any launch expense, although there is launch expense within that SG&A number.

No, not really. When we kind of plan for what we call a normal season, that means in Brazil, planting start sort of mid-September to the end of September, that can shift around given weather patterns. So Q4 is obviously a big quarter for us in Latin America, not just Brazil, but Argentina. We've kind of factored that into how we look at Q3, Q4. I don't think there's anything meaningful there. Obviously, it will depend on how the weather plays out. But I think we have most of that factored into Q4 as we normally do.

Yes. So when you look at where we are today, we're in the range of about -- it's kind of like 60-40, 60% FMC-branded products into the marketplace, about 40% through our third partner partners. That has obviously been growing as we've added more partners. I think it's fair to say, though, we pegged our growth rate for the diamides in sort of the high single digits. 
In Q2, we grew sort of mid-teens, and it's pretty evenly split between both sources of income. On the price side, we don't talk about the specifics of the individual contracts that we have, obviously. But generally speaking, the EBITDA impact for us on a percent basis is neutral. So we manage it that way. So the growth for us is equally as valuable from an EBITDA perspective from either FMC or from our partners. 
So I would expect to see that 60-40, I would expect the [ 40 ] to continue to grow because we've got more partners on board now. They are obviously now gearing up and selling into the marketplace. I think the most important takeaway that you should take away from this conversation is the 40% as it grows, does not detract from the 60% as we grow. It's an expansion of the market pool for the diamides. And as I alluded to earlier on one of the other questions, we see the diamides taking share from a number of older chemistries, whether they be neonicotinoids, some of the pyrethroids and certainly some of the [ carbonates ] around the world.

Yes. I'll let Andrew pick that one up, Andrew.

Yes. Listen, I think clearly, you can look at our price increases, and we're targeting that high single-digit price increase, and we're moving in that direction. For a company like FMC, those are unheard of price increases. I mean, normally, we price kind of in the very low single digits to offset inflation on a general basis. 
I think when we're looking at the marketplace, we sell products in some of our categories that are extremely high-margin products. You all know the success of the diamides, for instance, taking volume from older chemistries with the newer chemistries adds tremendous value to the bottom line, whether you increase price or not with those products. 
Sometimes we do, sometimes we don't. It's a mix of decisions that are made at the local level with the overall mantra that price increases will offset cost. And that's how we've been working this year. So for us, it's somewhat of a complicated discussion inside the company, except, I would say, over the last year or so, it's changed to be much more aggressive on price. We have driven price in every region of the world, more so than we ever have before.

Yes, Mike, thanks for the comment on the quarter. Listen, I do think that most of that cost is variable in the sense of its raw materials, it's packaging, it's logistics that will obviously ebb and flow, and we expect them to obviously decrease over time. I would say the only structural cost that's been embedded is, as we're investing in SG&A resources and R&D projects for the more longer term, those are driven around the growth of the company, the market access that I talked about in places like Brazil, Argentina, India, parts of the ASEAN region and in the U.S. as well. Those are structural costs because they're headcount, their investments. The other investments around precision agriculture, as we're growing out our precision ag apps, such as farm Intelligence Those are structural costs. But the vast majority is what I would call more transient.

Well, I think from a revenue perspective, obviously, would be what does pest pressure look like in some parts of the world. We just talked about the success we had in our North American business. Pest pressure in Canada was much higher than we normally forecast that drives demand that gets used immediately. So if you have those series of events around the world, that can drive you to the upper end of the range. Also, as we look to expand our market access, and the success and the speed of that success that can drive us to the upper end in terms of more market share, newer products being sold to new customers, that would drive you the same way.

Thanks, Josh. I'll let Andrew give you the details. But generally speaking, the drop-through in Q2 was not far off our average, and we have a wide range of drop-through because it can be affected through different reasons. Andrew, do you want to comment on that?

Yes, PJ, thanks for the question. We don't normally break down those types of costs, but I would tell you that the vast majority is the active ingredients, intermediates that we buy, followed by logistics and then packaging. But by far, the biggest chunk is the whole raw material spectrum that we buy. Do you want to say anything, Andrew?

Thanks, PJ. Yes, listen, we're building out the technology portfolio. Our biologicals today are really based around micro technology. Obviously, we've extended into pheromone technology now. We also have, through FMC Ventures, investments in peptides, which is a whole new area of potential pesticide development. 
We have a relationship with Novozymes, developing enzymes as pesticides. So we feel we have quite a good floor of what we call basic structure around technology. That will continue. We'll continue to look for M&A opportunities, probably as much on the geographic side of biologicals as on the technology side because market access here is important. 
And from a micro perspective, there's many countries in the world where you can't import microbes that are not indigenous to that country. So therefore, you need R&D and you need development in those countries. One easy way to get that is to acquire it. So it's something we're looking at. From a multiple perspective, I haven't seen any deals go through in the near term that are indicative. But Andrew, you may have a better review of that than I do.

Thanks, Tony. No real, what I would call mismatches although we are and we have said that we will have a much more balanced supply chain and operation structure as we go forward. When you look at our investments for the molecules that are coming in putting steel in the ground, we're active in India. We're active in Europe. We're looking at potential toll manufacturers and more toll manufacturers in the Americas. So overall, I wouldn't say we have a mismatch. But certainly, as the industry grows, the need for formulating capacity is something that we're investing in quite heavily, especially in the U.S. to feed our U.S. business. So I think that notion of getting your formulating capacity as very local as you can and as close to the customer base as you can is something that's driving our strategic thinking around manufacturing and operations. Andrew, do you want to...