Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. FMC's strong financial performance continued in the fourth quarter, capping an excellent year for the company. Our performance was marked by volume growth across all regions and once again highlighted the benefit of a balanced geographic exposure, the strength of our portfolio and the impact of new product launches.  
Turning to Slide 3. FMC reported $1.2 billion in fourth quarter revenue, which reflects a year-over-year increase of 9% on a reported basis and 11% organic growth, excluding FX headwinds. This increase was driven by double-digit organic growth in Argentina, Canada, France, Russia, India, China, Indonesia and Pakistan as well as price increases across all regions, except North America. Adjusted company EBITDA was $320 million, an increase of 17% compared to the prior year period and at the top end of our guidance. 
Company EBITDA margins were about 27%, up 180 basis points year-over-year, despite $28 million in combined headwinds from raw material costs, tariffs and FX in the quarter. Adjusted EPS was $1.76 in the quarter, an increase of 21% versus recast Q4 2018. The year-over-year performance was driven largely by a $0.34 increase on the EBITDA line and the benefit of reduced share count, partially offset by higher interest expenses. Compared to our most recent guidance, adjusted EPS was also much higher due to very strong operational performance as higher volume and solid cost control drove $0.07 outperformance versus guidance, where the much lower-than-forecasted tax rate in the quarter resulted in $0.21 of the beat versus guidance. 
Moving now to Slide 4. Q4 revenue grew by 7% versus prior year, with volume contributing 11% growth, offset partially by a 2% headwind from FX. Overall, price was flat as increased rebates in North America offset strong pricing in the other 3 regions. Given the start of the southern hemisphere season, Latin America made up over 40% over fourth quarter revenue. Sales in Latin America grew 10% year-over-year or 13% organically, driven by very strong growth in Argentina and single-digit growth in Brazil and Mexico. Argentina posted significantly higher volumes for a preemergent herbicides in soybean. We are very pleased with these results in Argentina. As you may recall, we talked about the significant changes we made to improve our market access in Argentina, which are now delivering on our expectations. As forecasted, following 4 quarters of very strong double-digit growth, Brazil growth slowed in Q4, but continued to deliver increased volume. Channel inventories of our product in Brazil remain at normal levels for this point of the season and are well under control heading into 2020. 
In North America, revenue increased 10% year-over-year, driven by strong demand for Rynaxypyr insect control in specialty crops, growth of Ethos XB, a combination insecticide and fungicide for in-furrow applications and our new Lucento fungicide. Herbicide sales in Canada were also strong. Our overall volume was above what was expected in the quarter, resulting in higher-than-forecasted rebates. These rebates are accounted for in our pricing line, which offset price increases in other regions. We continue to closely monitor channel inventories of our products in the U.S. as we head into the spring. To ensure a reduction of those channel inventories on a year-over-year basis, we proactively sold less of our Authority preemergent herbicide into the channel in the second half of 2019 than we did in the same period in 2018. 
In Asia, we had a very strong fourth quarter performance with a revenue increase of 9% and 10% organic growth year-over-year in an otherwise down market. India, China, Indonesia and Pakistan, all recorded double-digit growth rates, driven by insecticide volumes. Following a very strong Q2 and Q3, India delivered over 20% revenue growth in Q4, driven by rice and sugarcane applications and new product launches. China's strong revenue growth was driven by diamide demand and fungicide sales in citrus and vegetable applications. 
In EMEA, sales grew 5% overall, as France, U.K., Russia, Italy and Romania, all posted double-digit year-over-year growth. Q4 organic growth in the region was 7% and was driven largely by sales in France and Russia, which more than offset difficult drought conditions that impacted cereal plantings in Central and Eastern Europe. 
Turning to the fourth quarter EBITDA bridge on Slide 5. You see a $75 million volume contribution which came from all regions and which drove the year-over-year growth, relative to related gains both volume and cost management led to the strong outperformance. 
On Slide 6, full year revenue was $4.6 billion, an increase of 8% compared to the prior year. Excluding FX headwinds of 3%, this represents 11% organic growth. Full year adjusted EPS increased $0.85 year-over-year or 16%, driven largely by EBITDA growth and the benefit of share repurchases. 
On Slide 7, you can see that FMC growth for 2019, we're well ahead of the crop protection market in every region. These percentages shown are all in U.S. dollar terms. Despite the extreme weather and trade challenges in the year, our full year sales in North America were up 3%, which was ahead of forecast and 900 basis points ahead of the market. FMC full year sales in Latin America grew 19%, 600 basis points ahead of the market and 23% organically. In EMEA, our sales grew 4% in the year, which was 700 basis points ahead of the market and 10% organically. FMC revenue growth in Asia was 3% on a reported basis, 800 basis points ahead of the market, and 8% organically, excluding FX headwinds across many currencies. Globally, FMC grew 8% in 2019 in U.S. dollar terms versus a flat global market. We believe our outperformance in every region was due to the strength of our portfolio, our crop balance and our strong commercial presence around the world. 
Moving to Slide 8 where you can see our full EBITDA and revenue drivers. Volume was the main driver of revenue growth while price increased sales by 3%. Almost 20% of this year's revenue growth came from 2019 product launches. And our vitality index, which we calculate as the proportion of total revenue coming from products introduced in the last 5 years, was roughly 10% of total sales. The diamide grew in the low-teens in 2019, and the rest of the portfolio grew in the mid-single digits. On our Q2 earnings call, we outlined our plans to profitably grow our diamide franchise well beyond the expiration of key patents and all the way through the end of this decade via the engagement of third parties. We indicated we had in place or negotiating 15 such commercial agreements. 6 months later, we have expanded the number of agreements to cover 4 global partnerships and 41 separate local company agreements covering 11 countries. A number of these new agreements are active and commercial sales are occurring. We will continue to expand the franchise through more of these commercial agreements. These partnerships are important, and in most cases, allow us to access markets we are not selling into today. They are a key extension of our commercial reach. 2019 adjusted EBITDA of $1.22 billion was up 10% year-over-year, despite $228 million in combined headwinds from higher cost and FX. Our revenue and the EBITDA growth rate in 2019 are both above the high end of the 5-year growth target we provided in December 2018. 
I will now turn it over to Andrew.

Thank you, Mark. Our company's outperformance in 2019 was the result of a very flexible and agile supply chain, limiting the impact of raw material shortages and the delivery of market-driven technologies that offer exceptional value to growers around the world. We strongly believe that our investment in our discovery and development pipeline will continue to fuel long-term growth for the company. In 2020, we will continue to effectively navigate through unexpected challenges that arise such as weather or macroeconomic developments, and we'll deliver on the financial targets we set out for you today. We believe 2020 will mark the third year in a row that FMC significantly outperforms the crop protection market in terms of revenue growth and EBITDA margins. We expect our outperformance will be driven by broad-based geographic growth, launches of new products and technologies and the continued expansion of our diamide franchise as we gain more registration and labels as well as grow via commercial partnerships. 
I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you very much for your attention.

On the volume front, to talk about growth, and Mark jump in, but roughly 3 big buckets, I would say, of diamide. We do believe it's going to be broad-based geographical growth and it's going to be in the low-teens. Think about the rest of our portfolio, non-diamide, as in 2019, growing at about 5%. And as in '19, we believe the products we will be launching in 2020 will also bring about 2% growth rate.

Yes, let me -- let's do one thing. Let me just take a bit the trends from '18 all the way to '21 at a high level, and then maybe, Andrew, you can go into more detail into the 2019-2020 number. If you look back at 2018, we had a conversion rate of 18%. In 2019, we generated $300 million of free cash flow, which represents a conversion rate of 37%. Now this $300 million normalized should have been $400 million. We had $100 million miss, purely execution. Got our eyes off the ball on a couple of issues but the normalized number would have been around $400 million, which should have been about a 50% conversion rate. Looking into 2020. 2020, I would characterize as a year a bit along the same line as 2019. We believe we're going to benefit from higher EBITDA, about 8% growth. But from the cost standpoint, we were expecting about a year ago to be able to finish SAP implementation in the first quarter of 2020. But there is no way around it. It's a 3-year program. It's going to cost $250 million. So we're going to have to go all the way to the end of 2020 with SAP implementation costs. So we're going to have the same transformational cost as we did in 2019. So we believe 2020 will be a conversion rate of about 55%. 
Now you move into 2021, and that's when you still see, if we go along the line of a 5-year plan, another 8% EBITDA increase, but that's when the SAP implementation, transformation cost start to significantly lower and that's when, just through this effect, we expect to be around 70% cash conversion from adjusted earnings. So that's directionally how we're going to go from 37% in 2019 to about 70% in 2021. Maybe, Andrew, you want to talk a bit more about '19 and '20?

Yes, P.J., it's just a normal -- it's a normal process which happens. Every year we do the same thing. We have rebates which are indexed on volume. And that's a normal process. There was no specific change in the rates or anything of that kind. It was just a normal year. The only difference looking at the weather condition and the pattern in North America, we ended up a bit stronger in the fourth quarter than we were expecting. So when we had to look at all of the reserves and rebates we would have to pay, we ended up having higher rebate to be paid to our customers for the full year and to be done in the fourth quarter. So it's just -- we got a little bit surprised by the strength of the market in the fourth quarter versus what we were expecting. And that, because it's purely proportional to volume, created a step-up in rebates we're not expecting.

Thank you.

Yes, I'll ask Mark to jump in. The only thing, Frank, I want to say before Mark talk a little bit is, with most of these agreements, we do have secrecy agreements. So we are very limited to what we can say around volume, especially being in an early stage, it would be quite easy to understand who is doing what. So -- and as we said in the script, 4 are global agreements and 41 are local agreements, all of them our diamides agreements. Mark, do you want to say a few things that they cover?

I think what Mark said is -- at the end is very important. We do believe those partnerships are going to help us expanding the market penetration of Cyazypyr and Rynaxypyr. Those 2 molecules are big, but we believe they are far from being at the end of their market penetration. So that's one of the way to do it to complement all of the marketing and commercial activity FMC has directly.

Thank you. Listen, first of all, we should know it's a highly competitive market. There is lots of companies in this market we are competing. But at the end of the day, it is a market we are offering and technology matter. So yes, there is competitive actions. But at the end of the day, if you price right the right technology, you can protect your margin. Maybe, Mark, let's start the comment about seeds and bundling. And maybe talk about the meeting you and I -- we had last week with our customers.

I want to repeat what Mark said because that is very critical, and it is a strategic decision of FMC. We will not get into the seed business, we do not need to be in the seed business. When Mark talked about 200 customers, it is true. It was 200 to 250 customers with whom we spent most of the week. I can tell you that to a person they told that it's very critical to have a chemical and biological supplier who is agnostic to the type of seeds, and somebody has the right technology they can use with any type of seed. Our customers are not big fans of bundling or being pushed to use a specific seed with a specific chemical. They need the freedom to choose, and we provide that to them. So it is not something we are concerned about. We do believe -- I would even go one step beyond. I think it's a competitive advantage for us to not be in seeds.

Thanks, Mike.

Yes. So first of all, let me start with the cost, as we are forecasting in our guidance. You are correct, the cost is turning into the second half of the year into positive, which means that most of the adverse cost in our P&L is happening in the first half of the year with a disproportionate amount in the first quarter and then in the second quarter. So -- and then when we get into the second half, that's when these costs are improving. From an availability standpoint, where are we today? As you can guess, the issues we had last year, which were due to environmental issues and industrial parks shutting down, those issues are over. I think we are not suffering from any issues there. The thing we are watching, of course, is the impact of Coronavirus. There is no impact of Coronavirus on demand today, as we see it. It is much more an impact on logistics because of parts of the country which are being isolated or roads which are being blocked or air freight. Today, we have not seen any negative impact on our ability to operate so far. We had some issues where we had to find options to get raw materials from a different location. But all in all, the issues we have been facing, we have been able to resolve them and operate normally. That being said, as you can guess, it's a very dynamic situation. So we do have a team fully focused on that and only doing this day after day, which is watching the flux of raw materials from a place to another, to make sure we do a have a -- we do have what we need for our growth plan. But yes, it is something we are aware of and carefully watching, but so far so good.

And to complement what Mark said and the level of inventory in the channel of FMC products, just to remind what we said in the script, growth was not driven in the fourth quarter for FMC by Brazil. It was other parts of Latin America and a big driver was Argentina. So that is part of the process we have in place to make sure that in Brazil we control channel inventory.