Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our earnings release, FMC continued to outperform the market, as we have for the past 7 quarters. We delivered results in line with the forecast and adjusted to specific global conditions in the quarter. 
Turning to Slide 3. FMC reported $1.2 billion in second quarter revenue, which reflects a year-over-year increase of 4.5% on a reported basis and 9% organic growth, excluding FX headwinds. This increase was mostly driven by strength in Brazil, India and the EMEA. 
Adjusted company EBITDA was $330 million, an increase of 6% compared to recast financials from last year and $3 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Company EBITDA margins were 28%, up year-over-year, despite $64 million in combined headwinds from raw material costs and foreign currencies.
Adjusted EPS was $1.66 in the quarter, an increase of 11% versus recast Q2 2018 and $0.01 above the midpoint of our guidance. The strong year-over-year EPS growth was driven by price increase, higher volume and the lower share count.
Moving now to second quarter revenue on Slide 4. Q2 revenue grew 4.5% versus prior year, with volume contributing 5% growth and price/mix another 3% growth. This was offset partially by a 4% headwind from FX. Although Q2 is a seasonally smaller quarter of the year in Latin America, sales in that region grew 29% year-over-year or 34% organically, continuing the trend from Q1. Drivers include strong revenue growth in Brazil across the portfolio with high demand for applications on cotton and sugarcane and price decreases that more than offset the impact of FX on both revenue and earnings.
Following such a strong first half in Latin America, it is important to note that we continue to monitor channel inventory levels of FMC products very closely in Brazil. They are at an all-time low for this point in this year. 
In EMEA, improved market conditions in Russia and Ukraine, good demand in Southwest Europe and new country registrations for Cyazypyr insect control drove year-over-year revenue growth of 4%. Organic growth was 10%. 
In Asia, revenue was down 2% overall, but increased 4% organically year-over-year. We were especially pleased with the strong performance in India where our sales grew over 20% driven by growth in herbicides for sugarcane and the benefits of our new commercial organization structure, which we put in place about a year ago.
In North America, revenue was down 2% year-over-year as the well-understood weather issues in the quarter caused a reduction in demand from our row-crop customers. This low demand was offset in part by strong sales of Rynaxypyr insect control, especially in niche crops in California, and our new fungicide, Lucento.
Turning to Slide 5. Second quarter EBITDA was $338 million. Price increases in all regions, and strong volume demand everywhere but North America combined to more than offset the headwinds from raw material costs and FX, leading to 6% growth versus recast results from Q2 2018.
Moving to our 2019 outlook on Slide 6. We are maintaining our guidance for 2019 revenue and EBITDA. We expect full year 2019 revenue to grow 6% at the midpoint or 9% organic growth, excluding a forecasted 3% FX headwind. We expect total company EBITDA to grow 8%. We are increasing our 2019 EPS guidance to a range of $5.68 to $5.88, which represents a gain of 10% at the midpoint over recast 2018.
Our EPS guidance now reflects the $200 million of buybacks completed in the first half of 2019 as well as an additional $200 million of buyback anticipated in the second half. We continue to plan to make $400 million to $500 million in total share repurchase in 2019, but our EPS reflects the lower end of this range.
For the third quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $960 million to $990 million, which represents year-over-year growth of 6% at the midpoint. We are also forecasting EBITDA of $190 million to $210 million in Q3, which would be an increase of 7% year-over-year at the midpoint.
As expected, the impact from FX will be more muted in the second half of the year. We expect third quarter EPS to be in the range of $0.75 to $0.85, up 13% at the midpoint versus recast results from Q3 2019. 
The third quarter is a seasonally smaller quarter for FMC, which is in line with the quarterly pattern from 2018, as Q3 is not a high season in any of our regions. The healthy growth we forecast is in line with our full year growth expectation, and our Q3 guidance is essentially in line with the prior year period as a percent of annual sales, annual EBITDA and annual EPS.
Guidance for Q4 implies a very soft quarter with sales growth of 7%, EBITDA growth of 17% and EPS growth of 10%, all at the midpoint of the ranges versus recast Q4 2018 results. Q4 performance will be driven by Latin America. 
In Brazil, similar to last year, we have already received nearly 70% of the orders needed to deliver our second half forecast. This is giving us a very strong confidence in our ability to deliver our financial target for the second half. However, we are carefully monitoring the North America market and channel inventories.
For 2019, we now expect the overall global crop protection market will be flat on a U.S. dollar basis, down slightly from our previous outlook. We expect Latin America to grow faster in the high single digit and North America to be weaker, down mid-single-digit. These adjustments in market forecast does not change our overall outlook for FMC's financial outperformance related to the market. 
Turning now to our full year EBITDA bridge and revenue drivers on Slide 7. 
Our full year cost headwind is higher than our prior forecast, mainly due to increased tariffs in the U.S. and a delayed reopening of a key tolling partner in China. However, strong pricing is now expected to offset over 70% of the $220 million in combined headwinds from costs and FX. 
Moving to Slide 8. We provide the key drivers for EBITDA and revenue growth in Q3 and Q4. Volume growth and price increases are expected to be a consistent drivers of the revenue and earnings performance.
I will now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Mark, for covering that important topic. 
To conclude our prepared remarks, FMC delivered another quarter of financial outperformance despite the challenging Ag environment in the U.S. 
Volume demand and price increases in other regions around the world are continuing to deliver strong revenue and EBITDA growth. At the beginning of this month, we successfully launched our new SAP system with a pilot in Brazil. 
The new system is performing very well. 20% of FMC now operates on the new S/4HANA system, and we expect to complete the full implementation in Q2 2020. The Brazil launch is a major milestone in the implementation process, which is giving us strong confidence that we will be able to implement the full system without disrupting our operations. 
In May, we indicated that we would provide an update on the R&D pipeline on today's call, but we felt it more important to dispel misperceptions about our diamide franchise. Rather than squeeze an R&D update into a future earnings call, we will have a more comprehensive and in-depth R&D investor event in the first half of next year. 
FMC remains well positioned to outperform the industry and our focus on crop chemicals and biological product is an advantage. Short-term execution is delivering superior quarterly results, and we are confident that our current portfolio and technology pipeline will deliver longer-term growth. 
And we'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you for your attention.

Sure, Chris. We -- as you know, we had adverse costs, and the -- a part of those costs will not be seen next year. So we know we're going to start 2020 with a tailwind from a cost standpoint and also from an FX standpoint. There is also the fact that we are expecting to get out of the TSA with the bond and settle by Q2 2020 the new S/4HANA system. 
I look at 2 buckets. The total costs will be -- the increase in costs we are facing in 2019 will not repeat themselves in 2020, but we will still see only a part of that coming as a tailwind. We have not yet quantified exactly how this will be impacting next year. We know it will be a tailwind, but don't take the entire cost increase into 2020. 
From an S/4HANA implementation in TSA, we still believe that the cost saving on an annual basis will be in the $60 million to $100 million a year, but we will only see a fraction of that in 2020. And same thing, we've not yet quantified. So we have 2 source of benefits from a cost standpoint, but we're going to need a bit more time most likely at the Q3 earnings call to give you a more quantified number. 
The other thing, which is positive as we are seeing today and we are pleased with, as the cost increase are decreasing in H2 as well as FX, price is sticking quite well. So it's also a third tailwind we will see in 2020. 
You guys have to give us a bit more time. We are highly focused on 2019. Those are tailwinds for 2020, but we're hoping to quantify that in the next 2, 3 months.

Yes. We -- the cash are -- in fact, there is not much change on the cash forecast for the year versus what we were expecting. The difference, as Andrew said in the prepared remarks, was Q2 was not as cash-generative as we are hoping because we made the commercial decision to support our customers, distributors and growers in Q2 while facing tough, very challenging time and gave them some break on the cash collection. A big part of that has been paid, as was promised, and will be seen in Q3 and Q4. So not much change in terms of the forecast outlook for the year, maybe a bit more weighted toward Q3, Q4 than we're expecting. Andrew, you want to add anything?

I think there is not a fundamental difference in the way we go to market versus the previous owner. I think we just have a very different profile in terms of the crops to which we sell and the region of the world to which we sell. So it allows us to keep on penetrating markets, which were underpenetrated in the past by DuPont, not because there is as much of a difference of approach and, in fact, just because of the fact we are a different company and we are benefiting from position in crops, which are very strong crops for Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr. There is also the fact that, as we said in the prepared remarks, we keep on getting registrations, especially for Cyazypyr in multiple countries, and that is generating more growth. 
So when we look at the long term, I would not say that we would continue in the 15% to 25% growth rate of the franchise as we had last year and this year, but a long-range plan we would be doing, taking us way into the next 10 years, looking for a mid-single-digit to high single-digit growth rate for the diamide is very appropriate. Mark, do you want to add any color to this?

There is a final point where -- maybe this point is a bit different from what the previous owner did. Those are the comments made by Mark. We are looking at Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr as a great partnering tool with other Ag companies. And as we say, we have partnership and are negotiating with about 15 companies. We are allowing those companies under some conditions to sell Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr in different crops, different parts of the world. So those companies are increasing dramatically our market reach and allowing us to grow faster. 
And that is very profitable way for us to grow the franchise. It's not at all EBITDA-dilutive, and it's a tool we intend to use for the years to come. I think our competitors understand well the quality of the patent estate and are very willing to enter into those 10-years contract or more to partner with FMC on those molecules.

So first, let me make a statement. As a large supplier of crop chemicals to the Ag market, we like the U.S. structure. We do like to have large buyers, well-established companies, public or private or co-ops, which play by the rules of the time and pay in time. So we are not adverse at all to a market outside of the U.S. starting to structure itself more like a U.S. market. It is not -- it's good from a cost standpoint. It's good from a cash standpoint. It's good from an operations standpoint. 
Now I still believe, if you look at the size of the growers in Brazil that we will see large distribution -- distributors of our U.S. model happening, but it's going to take some time. It's a very big market. It's a market where there is a large number of large players as well, growers. So to see a market where you go down to 5 or 6 or 7 large distributors like we have in the U.S., I don't see that in the foreseeable future. Nevertheless, a transition more toward the U.S. market is not a negative for us. Mark?

And we don't see that as a negative at all.

Yes. Frank, thanks. It's complex to do because understand that when you have a process, which is 16 steps, which, for us, is done through a series of partners who are manufacturing some of the intermediates and some of the final steps, which are made by us, it is a very, very complex network. You would not imagine somebody building that in a short period of time over a single site. So it would require not only capital spending at the level of the company itself, which intends to, but most likely to find others to produce some of the intermediates. None of these partners could be the partners we do have today, who are in exclusive arrangements with our sales for the long term. That number is -- certainly it's -- we have not quantified if somebody would try to replicate all or part of our product. But I'd say for parts of the total to see numbers more in the billion range would not be surprising.

It is the same as last year, which was a very strong year. So I would say the last 2 years, we reached that 70% number. Usually by this time of the year, we're about 50%, 40% -- 40% to 50%, maybe 40% range at this time of the year. Last year, for the first time, we hit the 70% range, which was positive and resulted into a very strong second half. And once again, this year, we are in the same place. So we view that as a positive versus a normalized year.

Sure. So first of all, let me make a comment outside of North America. We are in low to normal level of inventories. So we currently have a features -- in Brazil, actually, we have a new process in place, as we said before. I think it's the lowest-ever level of inventory in the channel we are having. In other parts of the world, we are under a more normal situation. 
We recognize that there was missed application in North America. We are taking that into account in our forecast for the rest of the year, where we have made plans, which are contemplating not selling some product, which will already be in inventory at our customers or in the channel or we have also accounted for returns. So that's the place where we are facing fundamental difference from Brazil in 2015. 
Brazil in 2015 was a consequence of a process from all of the Ag players over multiple years. We had multiple years of selling too much into the channel. Here, it's a more isolated event over this year because of weather conditions. So we have a year which is difficult versus multiple years in 2015, where the channel was too loaded. So it is not good, but it is manageable, accounted for in our forecast, but we're actually watching it. 
Mark, you want to say...

Just a quick comment, P.J. I mean we made that decision. It is not something we've done in the past or we used to do. It was just exceptional to this. Especially in the Midwest, our customers were facing a situation where we felt we had to support them. Lots of them, as we said, are big corporations. They live by their word. They pay when they said they will repay. And as Andrew said, half of it has already been done with a very precise schedule. So no concern. It's an exceptional situation, but no concern on that.

The CapEx increase we are looking at today are simply due to the fact that when we made our capital -- 3-year capital spend plan when we acquired the DuPont business, as you remember, we were forecasting a high single-digit growth rate for those products. We've been in the 16% to 25% range since the acquisition. So we are getting tight on capacity. Those are not big capacity. It's for part of the chain of manufacturing, where we're doing it, especially including some of the intermediates. You're talking about tens of millions of dollars. You're not talking hundreds of millions of dollars for the one, which are taking place potentially this year. And as we said before, from a location standpoint, we have a couple of locations. But as we said before, the idea for us is to manufacture as much as we can today outside of China. So those expansions will take place outside of China. It's not huge, but it's necessary to ensure we can keep on growing at the speed at which we are growing.

Yes. I think the pressures down in the market is mostly driven by North America, as we said. So what does it do to us? If you look at the disproportionate strength of our business versus many competitors outside of North America, plus the fact that within North America, we do have a very balanced crop profile with lots of specialty crops, the slowdown of the world growth in Ag is impacting us not as much as it could impact other competitors. So yes, it is a bit of a headwind, but you know what? We are very well positioned to compensate that either by growing more into specialty crops in North America or by using the strength of a business in places like Brazil, Latin America or India. But remember, as we said, we only do 25% of our business in North America. So all in all, it's balancing out quite well for us.

Let me quantify a bit by using information we've already shared with you. As you know, we do have, depending upon the quarters, an EBITDA margin for this business in the 27%, 28%. This EBITDA margin, of course, is driven, and we've said that when we made the acquisition of DuPont with the diamides which are expected to be north of 30% from an EBITDA margin. That's what we are able, through this process, to protect. So we are selling this product, the active part, to a partner, and it's generating for us with limited SG&A spending and R&D and formulation spending an EBITDA margin north of 30%.

And we've already done in 2 years. In 2 years, we've already done multiple debottlenecking, brought new partners into the process. So we're already actively increasing capacity at very low costs. We've not seen a major increase so far in capital spending despite the fact that we've already increased our capacity in a significant way for diamides. So your point is correct. For both Cyazypyr and Rynaxypyr, we are doing it and intend to continue to do it.

So from a capital spending, I've been doing that for years now. And I think it's been the same thing year-after -year, which means, usually, you start your big project -- also your big projects are starting with a year -- the beginning of the year when you start with a new capital spending. So you usually have a process where there is a lot of planning and engineering study, which do not represent a lot of spending. And then it accelerates by the middle of the year when things are already put in place and you start to spend the cash. So I don't think there is anything abnormal. I would say that 70% or 80% of my years in the industry, I've always seen back-end loaded being in engineering products and capital expenditure. I think for next year, today, we've not been yet through the process. We believe we'll have a higher capital spend mostly due to capacity increase for the product we are commercializing, new product or the existing product as diamide.

So you'll see a slightly elevated number next year for capital spend.