Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. 
Q3 was another strong quarter for both businesses at the revenue and earnings level. It also was a quarter for executing on our commitments. The Ag Solutions business performed very well in a seasonally weak Q3, driving 5% pro forma sales growth, which was about 300 basis points higher than our forecast despite an estimated 4% to 5% headwind from foreign currencies. Revenue synergies continued to boost results, and demand in Brazil was very strong in the quarter. 
As a reminder, we do not have precise data from DuPont in 2017 to calculate exact year-over-year impact from FX pricing or volume, but we base our FX estimates on what we saw in our legacy businesses. 
In Q3, we successfully transferred to FMC delayed sites and countries from the DuPont acquisitions as discussed on our last earning calls. These transfers did result in a shift of revenue into Q4 that was in line with our expectation, but it will not result in any missed sales for the full year. There remain 1 more delayed transfer, a small formulation site in India, that will occur in the second half of 2019. We expect no impact on business results. 
Our business integration is on schedule, and we have begun the systematic rollout of the new SAP S/4HANA system starting with the corporate finance function. The complete rollout will be implemented by the end of 2019. 
On the technology front, we are on track to launch our first new active ingredient from the legacy FMC R&D pipeline in North America in the first quarter of 2019. This fungicide will be branded Lucent 2 and is based on the active ingredient bixafen. 
Our Lithium segment performed strongly in Q3, and we successfully completed the IPO of approximately 15% of Livent Corporation on schedule last month to begin the separation of that business. Last night, we announced our intent to spin off the remaining 85% to FMC shareholders in the form of a dividend of Livent shares on March 1, 2019. The spin will complete the full separation and is expected to be tax-free to FMC shareholders. 
FMC Lithium will remain a reporting segment of FMC in the fourth quarter of this year but will be reported as discontinued operations when we report first quarter results next year, assuming the spin is completed in March. 
We have significantly reduced debt this year, having paid down nearly $600 million of debt through October. Andrew will expand on this topic later on the call and describe the rationale for our announcement to buy back $200 million of FMC stock by year end. 
Our 5-year strategic plan is complete and being implemented. We will share it with you at our Investor Day on December 3. 
We are proud that we have been able to make significant progress on all our major initiatives that we set out to accomplish at the beginning of this year, including the DuPont integration, our SAP S/4HANA implementation and the completion of the Livent IPO while delivering strong quarterly results. 
Turning now to Slide 3 and our third quarter results. FMC reported third quarter revenue of just over $1 billion, which was 60% higher than Q3 2017. Adjusted EPS was $0.98 in the quarter, which was $0.06 above the midpoint of our guidance and up 40% versus the same period a year ago. The guidance beat was due to the strong performance of Ag Solutions, a $0.07 beat, plus $0.08 for Lithium and $0.03 from a lower tax rate, offset somewhat by a $0.05 headwind from higher-than-expected corporate costs and other costs. Andrew will address the higher corporate costs in his section. 
Moving to Slide 4 and Ag Solutions. Revenue of $924 million in the quarter increased 67% year-over-year on a reported basis and increased 5% on a pro forma basis. This was driven by 17% growth of our acquired insecticide portfolio and 8% growth in our selective herbicides. We continue to capitalize on cross-selling opportunities, and our global sales force delivered another impressive performance in its third full quarter with a combined portfolio. 
On a pro forma basis, we delivered strong top line growth in both Latin America and North America, which more than offset lower sales in Asia and EMEA. 
Third quarter segment EBITDA of $216 million increased 57% versus the earnings from the year ago quarter and was $11 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Segment EBITDA margin was 23%, which was in line with expectations. 
As previously discussed, Q3 is the lowest margin quarter for many reasons. First, it is our lowest revenue quarter, yet [ SAF pans ] is flat. Second, product mix shift to a higher percentage of FMC legacy products. And third, geographic mix shift to a lower contribution from our highest margin region. These elements were expected and will be seen each Q3 in the future. 
Turning now to Slide 5. Q3 revenue growth was strong on a pro forma basis, but it was mixed across the regions. North America revenue increased 32%, and Latin America revenue grew 9%. Revenue in Asia dropped 4%, and in Europe, revenue contracted 17%. North America and EMEA are in the low season in Q3. And therefore, a relatively small absolute dollar increase -- or decrease creates a disproportionate percentage swing. 
In North America, the key driver was volume growth from Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect control. We saw continued overall expansion of the diamine portfolio. Of note was the late-season growth in California on tree nuts combined with growth in our herbicide portfolio. 
In EMEA, our business contracted 17% in a seasonally light quarter, which only represents about 15% of annual sales of the region. The decline was due in large part to lower herbicide application on all seed rate because of dry weather. 
In addition, we saw orders move into Q4 on the back of a distribution change we are making in Belgium and Holland. This change is a tiny move and will not result in any lost sales. We are consequently expecting strong double-digit growth in the fourth quarter in EMEA. 
In Latin America, our business grew 9% on a pro forma basis despite a strong FX headwind. This performance was primarily due to a strong demand in Brazil, which grew 17% on the strength of our acquired products due to our expanded market access. We have taken advantage of increased exposure to co-ops in the South and, more broadly, to existing distributors. We are cross-selling our new portfolio with an emphasis on crops such as coffee and citrus. 
In addition, we expect that cotton acreage will increase 25% this coming season, driving stronger sales over insecticides and herbicides portfolio, which started in Q3. We also successfully implemented significant price increases across the board in Brazil. 
In Asia, revenue declined 4%. However, excluding a proactive restructuring of our India business, we grew revenue 2% despite significant headwinds from foreign currency. We had strong sales of our acquired insecticide portfolio in rice and soybean in India and in rice and fruit and vegetables in Japan and Korea.
Moving now to Lithium on Slide 6. Lithium delivered a strong third quarter, with revenue up 19% compared to Q3 last year and segment EBITDA of $49 million, a 21% higher than a year ago. As a reminder, we will continue to include FMC Lithium in our segment results for the fourth quarter because FMC still owns approximately 85% of Livent Corporation, but we will limit our comments as Livent is reporting its quarterly earnings, apparently. When we issue fourth quarter results, you will see 15% of Livent's earnings deducted in the noncontrolling interest line of our income statement, and this is reflected in our guidance.
Turning to Slide 7, which highlights the impact of the Livent IPO on our EPS guidance. Excluding the adjustment for Livent, the midpoint of our guidance would still be at $6.05, exactly where it was a quarter ago. However, we now must account for the full stand-alone costs of Livent, which are a $0.03 headwind as well as the approximately 15% minority interest deduction for Livent post-IPO, which is a $0.04 headwind. Incorporating those factors, we expect adjusted earnings per share for full year 2018 to be between $5.93 and $6.03 per share or $5.98 at the midpoint, which represents an increase of 121% versus 2017 EPS. 
Turning to Slide 3, which summarizes our outlook for the full year and for the fourth quarter. We expect 2018 Ag Solution revenue will be in the range of $4.2 billion to $4.26 billion. On a pro forma basis, this equates to a nearly 10% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. We also expect Ag Solutions EBITDA will be in the range of $1.195 billion to $1.215 billion, which is a raise of $5 million at the midpoint relative to prior guidance. 
Our expectation for the overall crop protection market has slightly improved from what we say in August. On a U.S. dollar basis, we now expect the global crop protection chemical market to be up low single digit in 2018. The 2 regional outlooks that have improved are North America, which we expect will be up low single digit due to a more pronounced strength in herbicide, and Latin America, which we expect will be up high single digits with a change in forecast, primarily due to recent FX-driven price increases. We still expect the market in Asia to be flat to up low single digit, while our European forecast is slightly more conservative. We expect it to be up low single digit on a U.S. dollar basis and down low single digit in local currencies. 
FMC is growing considerably ahead of the market in 2018. Increased market access in many parts of the world is one of the largest factor. First, this includes new and enhanced distribution and co-op access in Brazil, particularly in the south. Second, full utilization of our new super digital model in Asia, resulting in more -- in India, sorry, resulting in more coverage. And third, full direct market access in Europe, with growth in Eastern Europe and improved access in France and Benelux countries. 
Another growth driver is the launch of new formulations developed by the regions to respond to local customer needs. In 2018, we launched 30 formulated products, which we expect will contribute 1 percent point of the overall growth rate. 
For FMC, fourth quarter Ag Solution revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.015 billion to $1.075 billion. This revenue forecast represents a pro forma growth rate of 12% at the midpoint for the quarter and implies 9% pro forma growth for the second half of 2018. Segment EBITDA is forecasted to be in the range of $280 million to $300 million in Q4. This outlook includes an estimated $3 million to $4 million headwind for the quarter from the recent trade tariffs. 
We are confident in our Q4 forecast largely due to visibility in Brazil, with 85% of expected revenue in that country already booked as orders. This is a much higher level heading into the period than in previous years. We are also confident we will manage the FX headwind in Brazil with pricing [ images ]. 
Moving over to Livent. I am just going to repeat the guidance that Livent issued last night. We expect full year segment revenue to be in the range of $440 million to $450 million, a year-over-year increase of 28% at the midpoint. Livent has decreased its full year EBITDA forecast by $5 million at the midpoint to a range of $193 million to $197 million to account for $5 million of stand-alone costs. 
Q4 guidance for Livent revenue is in the range of $117 million to $127 million, representing a year-over-year increase of 8% at the midpoint, and EBITDA guidance is between $43 million and $47 million due to about $4 million of stand-alone costs. We now expect adjusted earnings per share in the fourth quarter to be between $1.33 and $1.43. 
I will now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. I could not be more pleased with where we are today. We are preparing FMC for a long period of growth while delivering exceptional results in the short term. We are delivering on every front. 
The 10% global revenue growth rate for Ag business in 2018 on a pro forma basis, much above the market, with a strong EBITDA margin close to 29%. We are flawlessly integrating the DuPont business and realizing early sales and cost synergies. We successfully completed the IPO of Livent in challenging market condition. 
Our SAP implementation is on track. Our cash flow is strengthening. We are paying down debt quickly and returning $200 million to our shareholders through a stock buyback. 
More importantly, we have a strategic plan firmly in place, which leverages our core competencies, the strength of our current portfolio and our unique ability to develop short- to long-term technology. 
As I said before, our team is delivering on every front. I cannot wait to discuss the future of the company on December 3 with all of you. 
I will now turn the call back to Michael Wherley.

Thanks, Chris. I appreciate the question. But as you can guess, really discussing technology in depth would require a lot of time, which we intend to do at Investor Day. We'll have our Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Technology Officer going deep into our technology capability. What I would say is we do have, with the combination of FMC and DuPont, the DuPont business we acquired, developed capability which is quite unique. We do have now coming from DuPont a very strong discovery organization and ability to bring new molecules, new active ingredients, new mode of actions towards the development stage. FMC is bringing a formulations technology, which DuPont didn't have before, enhancing the value of those active ingredients which are being developed by DuPont. Third of all, FMC and DuPont have complementary capabilities in term of technology development and field testing in each of the region of the world, allowing us testing, data gathering but also the fast development of formulation for local requirements. So we will describe all of these, but technology and a blend of short-term, midterm, long-term technology will be a very key driver of FMC growth in the future.

Yes, Chris, broad color. And as Andrew said in his comment, we want to make cash deployment a very critical topic at Investor Day. You will see -- start to see in 2019 a significant increase in the cash generated by the company, and the real step-up will be in 2020. The reason for which 2019 will be a little bit less than the following years is because we still have SAP implementation costs and some integration costs. Then you have a real jump into 2020, all the way to 2023. If you look at the cash we will be generating, including the structural saving, which will take place with the S4/HANA implementation, if you look at the capital spent, and we'll detail that, if we look at the cash before R&D because we want to make sure we fully fund R&D for growth, you're going to get to a place where we're going to have to change the way we are returning cash to shareholders. So we'll have very significant non-allocated cash for the next few years, which we intend to return in most part to shareholders through dividend and stock buyback. And we'll be discussing with you this unallocated part of cash, which you will see for the size of our company is a pretty significant number, how we are deciding to do that through the regular payment of dividends and what we will do through repetitive stock buyback.

We can hear you.

Yes, Don. That's a regular situation you always face when you connect your pricing to currency. I think it's an important point you're making. As we said before, on the way up, when -- sorry, when the currency goes down and we're increasing price, we have a lag. We're always behind by a few percentage points. When then the currency strengthen, the same thing is happening. Then we become ahead of the game because we hold the price as long as we can to the previous currency. So needless to say that while the currency was going up quite fast all the way to 4 in Brazil, the fact that we're able to take to 0 impact, the currency on EBITDA in the third quarter was -- made us feeling pretty strong about our ability to move price up. And now the job you have is, as the currency strengthen, is to try to hold onto your older price as long as you can, but you will have to bring it back closer to currency as it goes. And you always face a lag, negative at the beginning when the currency weakening and positive when the currency is strengthening.

I think the currency impact, if we project our sales to 2019, to give you an order of magnitude, if tariffs stay around 10%, we believe it's going to be around a $10 million negative impact on EBITDA. If the tariffs move to a 25% range, it would be in the $30 million to $35 million impact on EBITDA. That would be if we are not successful at getting any exemptions. As you know, we are filing for exemption to some of the critical raw materials or product. I cannot anticipate on how successful we will be in doing that, but the 2 numbers I gave to you would be the max impact.

And one additional comment around Europe and North America. We like to repeat that. So third quarter is a low season, so don't forget that data has changed, creates significant movement in percentage when actually it is not that big of a change. So there is a bit of the fact we were creating at the time a [ cure ] between 15% of the Euro sales. So not as big as the percentage might indicate it, down or up.

I think to date, we are growing, if you think about this year, the overall company will be growing about 9% in the business, and that will be due to the DuPont portfolio growing in the high teens and maybe low 20% range, which is very fast. So what is important for us, and we are spending a lot of time studying that, is to try to understand how much of this is very short-term synergies versus what is more sustainable synergies. We do not believe we're going to be growing the portfolio side despite
[Audio Gap]

Yes.

Let me give you the bottom line, okay? What we'll be discussing
[Audio Gap]

Regarding China, I mean, from a business and size of the country in sales, China is one of our top 10 countries in the world, but this is not where the issue is for us. One of the challenges, I would say, we have is the supply of active ingredients and raw material for FMC as well as for most of the other ag chemical company comes from China. So there is always 2 issues we are facing. One is the cost. And the more constraint on supply there is from China, the higher the risk of the cost going up. And the other one is because of environmental reason shutdowns, which would prevent the supply of active ingredients and raw material. So the second one is always something we're watching because if the issue happens, there is not much we can do. We've been dealing quite well with that. We are well structured with multiple qualified suppliers for most of our products. So we have to use the flexibility of our supply chain. But it's something so far we have been able to manage and expect to be able to manage without short-supplying customers in the foreseeable future. The price is something which is -- which we'll have to address now. I'll have to say the cost of raw material impact in 2018 is not very significant just because of the way accounting work, the increase of cost is pushing to the product which then are going into inventory and you're impacted on the cost when you sell the product. So we are currently expecting raw material pricing not to be a very significant issue in 2018, but certainly something we'll have to watch in 2019 and for which we're going to have to define a very well thought through pricing strategy.

I'm going to ask Andrew to address the hedging process and what we've done. Now let's put things within context. Most of the work which was done to limit the impact of currencies on our business was done through pricing, that was the biggest driver. That's where most of the work was accomplished. Now hedging was a very interesting complementary strategy we had to protect us further. Andrew?