Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. As you saw in our earnings release, FMC continued to outperform the market, as we have for the past 6 quarters. We are especially pleased with the strong volume growth. This in addition to a price increase in all regions as well as cost control, which led to strong top and bottom line results. 
Our outperformance relative to the market is driven by 3 key elements: our balanced geographic exposure; the strength of our product portfolio; and finally, our diverse crop exposure. 
Turning to Slide 3. FMC reported $1.2 billion in the first quarter revenue, which reflects a year-over-year increase of 8% on a reported basis and 14% excluding FX headwinds. This increase was driven by strong commercial execution that enabled growth in every region. 
Adjusted EBITDA was $343 million, an increase of 4% compared to recast financials from the year ago period and $13 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Company EBITDA margins were nearly 29% despite $95 million in combined headwinds from raw material costs and foreign currencies.
Adjusted EPS was $1.72 in the quarter, an increase of 9% versus recast Q1 2018 and $0.09 above the midpoint of our guidance. The strong EPS was driven by higher volume, price increases and product mix.
Moving now to first quarter revenue analysis on Slide 4. Q1 revenue grew by 8%, with volume contributing 9% growth and price mix another 5% growth for a total of 14% organic growth. This was offset partially by a 6% headwind from FX. Performance in the quarter was driven by strong commercial execution and demand for our product, which led to above-market growth. The strongest growth came from Latin America at 30%, followed by North America at 7%, EMEA at 3% and Asia at 1 -- with 1%. 
Excluding foreign currency headwinds, our organic growth was even stronger with Latin America up over 40%, EMEA up 11% and Asia up 8%. Although Q1 is a seasonally smaller quarter of the year in Latin America, the outperformance was broad-based. The boll weevil infestation and increased acreage drove strong demand in Brazil for cotton insecticide. Demand for herbicides and insecticides in sugarcane as well as robust demand for insecticides in soybean applications were also key contributors to the growth. Our price increases in the region offset nearly all the impact of FX on both the top and bottom lines.
Over the past 3 years, we have implemented a disciplined channel inventory management system in Brazil, so that we can maintain visibility on inventory levels of FMC products throughout our distribution channels. The FMC sales team conducts monthly check of all third-party warehouses, retailers and growers and then capture that data in our inventory tracking system. These data indicates that channel inventories of FMC products are low and in line with levels typically expected during this time of the year despite very strong growth in 2018 and in Q1 2019. 
In North America, despite the weather issues in the quarter that caused a late start to the season and an expected shift in acreage away from soybeans, demand for preemergent herbicides remained one of our growth drivers as glyphosate resistance continues to spread. We saw good customer uptake for preemergent herbicides, especially Authority Supreme herbicide that was launched last year. 
We saw robust sales of Rynaxypyr insect control for fruit and vegetable applications, including Altacor insect control for tree nuts. Our Anthem herbicide and Topguard EQ fungicide also had strong sales. Also in North America in Q1, we launched our first new active ingredient from the legacy FMC R&D pipeline Lucento fungicide. It is gaining traction already in corn, soybean and peanuts applications and the successful launch suggests we can reach peak sales of $30 million to $50 million sooner than previously expected.
Growth in EMEA was driven by favorable weather with very strong sales in Turkey and South Western Europe as well as new direct market access in Belgium and the Netherlands. Our diamide products, including Coragen, Altacor and Prevathon insect control, had robust demand across the region and pricing actions helped offset the significant portion of the FX headwind. 
In Asia, we saw double-digit growth in Pakistan, China, Japan and Southwest Asia. China growth was led by diamide products, including Coragen and Benevia insect control. In India, we are seeing the benefits of a commercial restructuring last year as we are gaining sales traction across more of the portfolio. 
In addition to reviewing our regional business, I would like to highlight our plant health business, which is globally managed, with financial results embedded in all the regions. It consists of biological, micronutrients and seed treatment products and continues to grow over 20% per year. This part of the portfolio is approaching revenues of $200 million in 2019.
Slide 5 shows the balance of our revenue across geographies and crops. From a geographic standpoint, our revenue is spread nearly equally in our 4 regions, which provides a natural hedge against the effect of microeconomic and weather events in the region or country. These types of events impacts our industry on a regular basis. Our geographic diversity provides a certain amount of insulation from specific events, as we have demonstrated during the recent flooding in parts of U.S. and the drought in Australia. 
As you can see on the right side of this slide, the spread of FMC revenue in each region across the 4 quarters of the year is relatively balanced in North America and Asia while the seasonality in EMEA and Latin America are complementary. This means we have a meaningful revenue contribution from 3 regions every quarter of the year, which also gives us some protection from adverse events in one region or country. When considering crop exposure, 60% of FMC revenue is in a wide variety of higher-value niche crops, with the remainder of the revenue in row crops. FMC does not rely too heavily on any one crop or any one region making our performance more predictable and sustainable.
Turning now to Slide 6. First quarter EBITDA was $343 million, up 4% versus recast reserve from Q1 2018. Strong demand led to a year-over-year volume increase of $55 million of EBITDA. We achieved price increases in all regions, which contributed $53 million to year-over-year EBITDA growth, with the strongest contribution from EMEA and Latin America. 
Volume and price together more than offset the headwinds from raw material costs and FX, which totaled $95 million in the quarter. 
Looking ahead to our 2019 outlook on Slide 7. Given the strong performance in Q1 and more clarity on the outlook for the year, we are raising our guidance for 2019 revenue, EBITDA and EPS. We expect 2019 revenue for FMC will be in the range of $4.5 billion to $4.6 billion, up $50 million at the midpoint versus prior guidance and reflecting 6% year-over-year growth at the midpoint versus 2018 recast sales. Excluding a forecasted 3% FX headwind, our organic sales growth estimate is now 9% at the midpoint. 
We also expect total company EBITDA of $1.18 billion to $1.22 billion, up $50 million at the midpoint versus prior guidance and representing 8% growth versus 2018 recast results. As a reminder, in 2019, our EBITDA guidance is for the total company and includes all expenses. 
We are also raising our guidance for 2019 earnings per diluted share to a new range of $5.62 to $5.82, an increase of 7% at the midpoint compared to our prior guidance. This represents growth of 9% at the midpoint over recast 2018 and only includes the impact of the $100 million in share repurchase completed in Q1. 
For the second quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.185 billion to $.1215 billion, which represents growth of 4% at the midpoint. Excluding an expected 4% FX headwind, our organic sales estimate is 8% growth at the midpoint. We are also forecasting EBITDA of $325 million to $345 million in Q2, which would be an increase of 5% year-over-year at the midpoint. This is despite significant FX and manufacturing cost headwinds. We expect second quarter EPS to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.70, up 10% at the midpoint versus recast results from Q2 2018. 
For 2019, we expect the overall crop protection market will be flat to up low single digits. We expect Latin America to grow in the mid- to high single digits, North America and Asia to be flat to up low single digits and EMEA to be flat to down low single digits. All these estimates are in U.S. dollar terms.
In Latin America, continued strength in cotton in Brazil, recovering conditions in Argentina and an expected strong soybean season across the region next fall will drive the market growth.
In North America, market growth will come from an increase in corn and wheat acreage and more normalized price pressure. 
In EMEA, we expect recovery of cereals acreage for the strength of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro is likely to reduce the market growth rate in the region by 200 to 300 basis points. We expect growth in Asia to be driven by more normal weather conditions across the region. FX is expected to be a headwind in Asia, which is embedded in our outlook for the market.
As you can see, the full year 2019 EBITDA bridge on Slide 8. The headwinds from FX and higher manufacturing costs are significant factors for 2019. The full year negative impact from FX is expected to be 7% at the EBITDA level plus another 13% headwind from higher raw material costs representing a total of about $220 million. 
We expect price increase will offset the $145 million of these combined headwinds or approximately 65%. 
As was widely reported in late March, there was an explosion in an industrial park in China. One plant operated by one of FMC's contract manufacturing tollers is located near the explosion. That plant has been shut down temporarily, as the government shut the entire plant down to investigate the root cause of the blast. It is important to note, however, that FMC's global manufacturing network provides us with significant supply chain flexibility. 
Due to the strength of our partnerships and our alternate sourcing options, we are confident that we can continue to secure supply of the FMC active ingredients normally manufactured at the impacted toller location as needed. We have already included the impact of this situation in our guidance.
Turning to Slide 9. The second quarter EBITDA bridge reflects a $55 million cost headwind similar to Q1, but lower FX headwinds of $20 million, representing a total of about $75 million in headwind. We expect price increase in Q2 will affect $60 million or about 80% of these headwinds. 
I will now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. Following a very strong 2018, FMC delivered exceptional performance in Q1, and we expect this to continue for the foreseeable future. The growth rate and EBITDA margins are at the very top of the industry and sustainable. Additionally, we have a clear path to expand EBITDA margin another 200 to 300 basis points with improving mix from new product introduction, existing TSAs and finishing the implementation of our new SAP system. 
Starting with our Q2 earnings call, we will provide an annual update on R&D pipeline, which includes 6 synthetic molecules in the development phase, 15 synthetic molecules in the discovery phase and 6 biological strains. We plan to do this every year on the Q2 call. 
I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you for your attention.

Thank you, Chris. Yes, it's a very valid point and the situation in China is certainly impacting many of the ag companies. Let me talk specifically about FMC. I think 2018 was a difficult year, you remember, with what happened in China, and I must say that our manufacturing and supply chain organization used 2018 not only to resolve the 2018 problems but to diversify further our source of intermediates and AIs for the future. I have to say that following 2018, we've developed a very broad network with multiple sources for critical intermediates or for active ingredients. And we've done that in different ways. So I would say what we are doing today beyond 2018, beyond 2019, is focusing on the high-priority product intermediates or AIs, and we are already implementing solutions outside of China. And how do we do that? We're, for example, right now, working on developing capacity in our European plants, mostly in Denmark, to produce some of these products. We are also contracting with some of our key partners in China to produce outside of China for -- and especially in Europe. We're looking also to the outsourcing from Europe -- from India through partners for our own plant. So we are diversifying our network. It's moving fast. But, of course, there will still be for the next few years a strong need for China to operate. For 2019, we believe today that we can face the situation of the shutdown. Assuming it's reopening within the time frame we are expecting, we see in our plans a very conservative forecast. There is a cost to it because we have to implement last-minute solutions, and we have factored that $30 million cost in EBITDA forecast for the year, but we do believe right now we are pretty secure from a supply standpoint to our customers as long as things do not get worse. So 2 pro actions. One was making sure we could act in a way which give us what we need for 2019, but we've used this 2018 situation and 2019 to broaden our supply of intermediates and AIs, using Europe, using India to produce outside of China.

I think in India, something -- I think contrary to what has been written in some reports, where dates of patent expiration were actually wrong, there is the composition patents, which are protecting a product, but everybody does that in that field. You do have an estate of patents, which are protecting the manufacturing as well as the composition and the performance. All of that makes it very difficult for people to come and produce the product on the day there is somewhere in this world an expiration. So we have the composition, which protects the product. Then we have all the manufacturing patents, which make it difficult for people to manufacture even when we get to a place where they can from a patent standpoint manufacture. They need to get the registration and they need to do the capital investment for the manufacturing, which I can tell you, in some cases, is quite high. So you can see today even on some products, take an example, sulfentrazone, which is, by the way, a very large molecule that has a market in the world of $600 million, $700 million?

$400 million. It's a molecule where we end up supplying a lot the people who are selling that molecule, because you need to have the capacity and the technology to do it. So it is not something where sales disappear on the day of the expiration of the composition patent, which for us go to 2022, '23 and '24.

Yes, it's got to be us miscommunicating, because since 2013, we've made acquisitions of research laboratories. We have been investing in R&D. We have actually built an R&D center in Denmark, which is solely focused on biologicals, including fermentation capability. So it's one of the priorities we have for the company. And the spending has been growing year-after-year since 2013.

I think pricing situation continues to be thought through. We are definitely not increasing systematically across the board. We do it where the molecule can afford an increase in pricing. We are very thorough around it and very systematic. We also use the seasons, for example, you increase price in Latin America in the third and fourth quarter of the year while you will do that at different timing in North America. So it's over a long period of time, but it's not constant across the year for every region. So we do believe that the pricing increase we do have for the full year right now. We have quite a high level of confidence that it's sustainable and manageable. And like anything, price increase has to be a -- our customers are smart and they understand what they are buying and what they are paying for. So it's got to be very well thought through and done where you believe you can do it. And that's what we've been doing. So I think we have a situation which is right now quite stable, and we have a good way forward in 2019. The critical question which should be asked because we don't have an answer is how sticky those prices are when the headwinds are disappearing. So that is a 2020 situation. And we don't have an answer. As you can guess, we're going to try to hold on to those prices even in the face of less headwind as long as possible.

Yes, we -- not to the same extent. For example, in North America, we do not have to do it as much because there is data, which are generated by the industry, especially around what we call EDI, which are products on the ground. So when you have regular data coming at you from all of the suppliers of what goes into the market versus what goes underground, you are usually able to have a pretty good view of the inventory situation in North America. And I'd say, Mark, maybe you want to add to this. But I think North America is one of the places where we are concerned, not concerned, maybe too strong of a word, but we are watching the situation around inventory level where we have much more visibility today or less concern in Latin America. But on a regular basis, yes, it is a process, different methodologies we're using, but we are very highly focused on inventory of products into the channel. Brazil and Latin America being a place where we have developed our own system because that's the place where things could get out of control faster.

So first, yes, the $30 million is exclusively due to the plant explosion and where we had to procure some of the products with different type of contracts. So answer to your first part of the question, yes. In terms of impact, highest impact of the $30 million will be in Q3 and then about even between Q2 and Q4.

I think the numbers -- you're talking about our numbers, which not the kind of leverage we were expecting. Of course, you could have worse or better leverage depending upon the traditional exit. Remember that we are facing very significant adverse costs this year, which are going against us, and we are mitigating them with price increases, but that's a kind of leverage we could expect globally. Looking forward, especially with a -- to an eye on 2021, we hope to be able to leverage our systems plus exit of TSAs where you could have even higher translation of sales growth into higher EBITDA growth and margin. So all in all, we don't believe there is nothing out of the ordinary in the numbers we are producing today and taking into account the adverse conditions. From a profitability standpoint per region, Mark, you want say a couple of words?

Yes. Let me -- the first question was?

Yes. So FX versus raw materials, there is only one place in the world where the selling methodology is accepted from the supply side and the customer side where there is a link of FX to pricing, that's Brazil. Brazil is a place for -- as far as we can remember, there was almost indexation of pricing to currency. Everywhere else in the world, it is a negotiation. So the way we look at it is, from a commercial standpoint, we just consider, and we're outside of Brazil cost and when there is cost, we are facing whether it's a raw material or an FX cost. We do what we can in the places where we can afford to do it, increase price to decrease our headwind in terms of cost, not differentiating FX from raw material or other costs. From a procurement standpoint and then the second part of your question, I think what we do, and I'm not trying to compare ourselves to what our competitors are doing because internally I don't exactly know what they do, but still we have uncovered in 2018 that supply disruption in China or issues are not things which cannot be dealt with. There is multiple sources of products in this world, which are available if you do have a very active supply chain organization and procurement organization. And yes, we've been very, very highly focused, not only at fixing long-term problems by diversifying away from China supply but also by creating throughout procurement organization and supply chain a number of partnerships, which are almost standby partnerships ready to jump in as soon as we have issues.

So I want to be very careful on what I say because in no case should we substitute our sales to the Chinese authorities. But we have no reason to believe today that the plant will not restart. It is a question of when. Every signal we have is that the plant will restart. And when we do a forecast with a $30 million headwind cost, it is a very conservative forecast. Indication we have is that right now it is the worst case scenario. But once again, I want to be careful. We believe the plan we have outlined for you guys from a financial standpoint is very achievable, and we have no reason to believe it will not restart. We have a lot of indication, but that's about as far as I can go.