Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. The third quarter was an exceptional quarter for our company. Even in the face of persistent challenges posed by COVID-19 and severe headwinds from foreign currencies, we grew our revenue by 15% organically, EBITDA by 20%, and EPS by 30%. This performance highlights our portfolio strength, balanced geographic and crop exposure as well as a sharp focus on execution and costs.  
On the latter point, as we progressed through the quarter, we saw the Brazilian season was getting off to a very slow start due to hot dry weather which, in turn, made it difficult to get the pricing we had planned to offset the FX headwinds. To counter this situation, we have aggressively managed costs in the quarter and were able to achieve the strong overall performance.  
Let me now turn to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business. As we said last quarter, all our manufacturing facilities and distribution warehouses remain operational and fully staffed. The majority of FMC's other employees continue working from home, but some have returned to certain offices and laboratories where permitted by local authorities. We have had 0 COVID-19 transmissions in our facilities and continue using a variety of best practices to address risks.  
While we saw very strong demand for our products in all 4 regions of the world in the quarter, there were pockets of demand reduction related to the pandemic. This impacted certain cotton and fruit and vegetable markets. We expect this level of localized disruption to continue in the fourth quarter and potentially into 2021.  
Following the outperformance in Q3 and with our outlook for Q4, we are raising the midpoints of our EBITDA, EPS and free cash flow guidance and tightening these ranges. Underlying demand for our products remains healthy, supplemented by market access expansion, new registrations and an increasing impact from our pricing actions as we entered Q4.  
Turning to our Q3 results on Slide 3. We reported nearly $1.1 billion in third quarter revenue, which reflects a 7% increase on a reported basis and 15% organic growth. After removing the FX impact, our business saw double-digit growth in India, Australia, Pakistan, Brazil, Germany, Italy and Canada.  
Adjusted EBITDA was $263 million, an increase of 20% compared to the prior year period. EBITDA margins were 24.2%, an increase of 260 basis points compared to the prior year, driven primarily by cost control measures.  
Adjusted EPS was $1.22 in the quarter, an increase of 30% versus Q3 2019. This year-over-year performance was driven mostly by the increase in EBITDA, while much smaller impacts from D&A, interest expense, tax rate, non-controlling interest and share count largely offset each other. Similarly, relative to our Q3 guidance, the $0.12 beat was driven almost entirely by our $18 million EBITDA outperformance versus the midpoint. 
Moving now to Slide 4. Q3 revenue increased by 7% versus prior year despite an 8% FX headwind as higher volumes contributed 12% to growth and pricing, another 3%. In Asia, revenue increased 16% year-over-year and 19% excluding FX, partially due to favorable weather conditions in both India and Australia. Sales in India grew over 20% organically as the good monsoon drove demand from growers of rice, soybeans, pulses, sugarcane and fruit and vegetables in the south and central markets. Herbicide sales in Australia were up over 50%, led by cereals and canola. Pakistan also grew in double digits, driven primarily by insecticides in rice and corn.  
In North America, sales increased 8% year-over-year, driven by increased planted areas in soybean, corn and rice as well as continued market expansion of our fungicides Lucento and Ryn. Sales in Canada were robust, driven by cereal herbicide blends from our patented precision pack technology as well as insecticides. We broke a record in Canada this year for acres using precision pack products. Elevest, the formulation based on Rynaxypyr insect control and bifenthrin, is doing very well in its first launch year. Heading into the winter, our U.S. channel inventories are in better position compared to a year ago, which should lead to good restocking later in the fourth quarter.  
Sales in EMEA increased 10% year-over-year, and there was no FX impact. We saw strong demand for Rynaxypyr insect control applications for specialty crops as well as Battle Delta herbicide for cereals, particularly in France and Germany.  
Latin America sales grew 1% year-over-year and 18% excluding FX. Grower sentiment is strong but the season started very slowly due to hot and dry weather in Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay. Pricing actions across the region offset some of the currency headwind, although we expect pricing to have a larger positive impact in Q4 than it did in Q3.  
In Brazil, sales grew double digits organically led by our growth in the soybean market. Due to the late start in Brazil, channel inventories are higher than normal for this point of the year for us and the industry. We fully expect this will be worked down as planting catches up now that the rains have returned. Mexico sales grew organically but were still impacted somewhat by COVID-19-related pressures on the growers that export fruit and vegetables. Sales in the Andean zone grew significantly as conditions in that submarket improved. 
Turning now to the third quarter EBITDA bridge on Slide 7. We had very strong operational performance as a $70 million contribution from volume, a $34 million contribution from lower costs and a $26 million benefit from higher pricing more than offset an $86 million FX headwind. The volume contribution was double what we had forecast, partially due to the robust market growth in India and Australia. In addition, stronger-than-anticipated volume growth in Brazil was also a key driver. However, this did drive an increase in the FX headwind in the quarter.  
We had significant cost savings in the quarter, well above guidance given on our last call. Approximately $8 million of the $34 million cost savings you see on this bridge are costs that were delayed into Q4. We had excellent cost discipline, including additional accelerated SAP synergies.  
Taking a step back now, we'll turn to Slide 6. As we did for Latin America last year, I'm going to highlight a region where we are seeing significant growth. Asia may be the most diverse of our 4 regions and therefore it is the most complicated to understand. We are currently the fourth largest crop protection chemical provider in the region with sales of around $1.1 billion in a $16 billion market for about a 7% market share. This region is the most seasonally balanced as before, mainly because it has significant markets in both the northern and southern hemispheres.  
We manage the Asia business in 5 subregions, with India and North Asia significantly larger than the other 3, but we do have aggressive goals to grow in all of them. Not surprisingly, rice makes up about 35% of our sales in the region. In addition, fruits and vegetables are large, and diverse set of crops spread across all countries. Our crop diversity in Asia provides numerous opportunities to grow, and it also mitigates the risk of our results being overly impacted by a poor season in any single crop. Similarly, our geographic mix in the region is also very diverse. 
Moving on Slide 7 for a look at how our Asia business has expanded since 2014. We have made 2 large acquisitions since then, Cheminova in 2015 and the DuPont Crop Protection business in 2017. Through these acquisitions, we added a large active ingredient manufacturing plant in India and 2 active ingredient manufacturing plants in China, along with several formulation plants, R&D labs and field trial sites across the region. Total sales were about $350 million in 2014, while this year, we expect it to be about $1.1 billion. This is in part due to a fundamental restructuring of our India business, which we implemented in 2018, that enabled increased market penetration and efficiencies that improved profitability significantly.  
I'll walk through some of the subregion highlights to provide color on the crop diversity, country exposure and recent commercial activities we have in the region. The 5 subregions include Australia and New Zealand, Southwest Asia, North Asia, ASEAN and India. In the Australia and New Zealand subregion, our annual revenue was about $100 million to $130 million in a $2 billion market. Our market access model is via large distribution and retail companies supported by our own sales groups. Australia is predominantly a cereals market, we are therefore very excited to be preparing for our launch of Isoflex Overwatch Herbicide in 2021 crop season. Earlier this year, we began engaging retailers with a large-scale demonstration plot program. Isoflex is a new mode of action in cereals, and it delivers high performance on weeds that are developing resistance to the other herbicides in the marketplace.  
The Southwest Asia subregion, encompassing Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Myanmar, is the smallest market of the 5, but our annual revenue of approximately $110 million to $140 million equates to a market share of approximately 30%. In Pakistan, we have a unique market access model comprised of FMC-owned retail outlets selling our full range of products. This model has facilitated our growth to be the market leader. We see rapid Rynaxypyr insect control expansions for sugarcane and corn applications. 
Moving to the North Asia subregion, which includes China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan, we have annual revenue of approximately $290 million to $320 million in a $9 billion market. In Korea, we successfully launched ACCUDO biostimulants in 2019 for use in fruits and vegetables, and we are preparing to launch 2 new microbial biopesticides later this year. In Japan, we've seen strong demand for diamides, particularly in the rice nursery box segment. In China, the market is highly fragmented. Our business is focused on rice and fruits and vegetables. Due to the customer fragmentation, we go to market via local distribution and retail companies.  
The ASEAN subregion includes Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Malaysia and Singapore. In all these countries, we work through local distribution and retail companies. This is especially important in the large Indonesian market given its fragmented geographical nature. In 2020, we also expanded our market access to additional parts of Indonesia, similar to what we have done in India. In this subregion, we have an annual revenue of about $110 million to $140 million in a $2 billion market. We see stronger Rynaxypyr insect control sales for rice as well as growth of Cyazypyr on food and vegetables, driven by label extensions.  
Moving finally to the India subregion, which generates approximately $370 million to $400 million in annual revenue for us. On Slide 8, we take a deeper dive into this $3 billion market, which has significant structural opportunities for agricultural growth. To start, it has more arable land than any other country in the world. In fact, India has 30% more arable land than China and nearly twice as much as Brazil. This presents incredible growth opportunities for FMC with our very strong footprint and market penetration.  
You can see in the center of this slide that yields are very low in India, driven by low usage of crop inputs. On the rice, for example, India's yield per acre is half of that of Brazil and less than 1/3 of the yield in China. On corn, India's yield is half of that of Brazil and less than 20% of the yield seen in the U.S. The market is dominated by small growers who do not have the scale to mechanize their operations. That being said, there are meaningful growth opportunities as these small growers recognize the benefits of investing more in crop inputs. 
Moving to Slide 9. India today is about a $3 billion market for crop protection, and we see market growth of 6% through 2025, taking the market to nearly $4 billion by that time. Insecticides make up about 45% of the market today, with herbicides and fungicides about 20% each and plant health and biologicals making up the remaining 15%. As you can see on the right side of this slide, the crop mix is similar to that of the Asia region, with rice and fruit vegetables making up nearly 60% of the market. In a market that is highly fragmented by both geography and a multitude of crops, there are, as we said, significant opportunities to grow.  
In India, we have a unique market access model. We have exclusive distribution with 5 major companies that are supported by sales and marketing resources to drive geographical and portfolio growth. This model is currently under expansion as we look to service all of the India market. FMC has developed commercial initiatives in India to expand our market share. This includes crop and geographic expansion of our diamide brands such as Coragen and Ferterra as well as 8 new herbicide and fungicide launches since 2018 that are expected to drive sales of $70 million by 2023.  
And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. Turning now to overall market conditions. With only a couple of months left to go in 2020, we continue to expect the global crop protection market will be flat to down slightly on a U.S. dollar basis, although our view on the regions has changed slightly. The outlook for Europe continues to worsen following a hot dry summer, and we now believe that market will be down low single digits year-over-year versus flat in our prior forecast. Offsetting this, we expect the Asian market to be up low single digits versus our prior forecast of being down slightly due to much better weather conditions in India, Australia and ASEAN. Our forecast for Latin America and North American markets are unchanged at down to low mid-single digits and up low single digits, respectively. All these forecasts are for end market, not FMC, and are in U.S. dollars.
Moving to Slide 12 and the review of FMC's full year 2020 and Q4 earnings outlook. As I said earlier, we are raising our guidance for the full year. We are still facing significant FX headwinds and impacts on both cost and demand from the global pandemic, but the underlying demand for our products and our ability to control costs led to our improved outlook. 
FMC full year 2020 earnings are now expected to be in the range of $6.45 to $6.57 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 7% at the midpoint and $0.06 above prior guidance. 
The $50 million in share repurchases planned for the fourth quarter will not impact our full year share count as the buybacks are too late in the year to alter the math for the EPS calculation. 
2020 revenue is forecasted to be in the range of $4.72 billion to $4.78 billion, an increase of 3% at the midpoint versus 2019 and 9% organic growth. We believe the strength of our portfolio will allow us to deliver high single-digit organic growth, continuing a multiyear trend of above-market performance. 
EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $1.295 billion to $1.315 billion, which represents a 7% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. 
The guidance for Q4 implies a year-over-year sales growth of 5% at the midpoint on a reported basis and 10% organically, led by continued strength in Asia in addition to the global strength of our diamides business. We are forecasting EBITDA growth of 8% year-over-year at the midpoint. EPS growth is forecasted to be flat year-over-year, limited by the large positive tax adjustment in Q4 2019.
Turning to Slide 13 and full year EBITDA and revenue drivers. Revenue is expected to benefit from 6% volume growth, with the largest growth in Asia and Latin America, and a 3% contribution from higher prices. FX is forecasted to be a 6% top line headwind. 
We have raised our EBITDA guidance by $10 million at the midpoint, reflecting the outperformance in Q3 while recognizing the delay of 8 million of costs into Q4. We now expect a higher contribution from volume growth, and we are also generating higher cost savings as well as earlier realization of some SAP synergies. 
We now forecast an FX headwind of $247 million for the full year versus $230 million in our prior forecast. On an EBITDA basis, we now expect pricing to cover over 55% of the FX impact in the year, and pricing will come from all regions led by Latin America.
Moving on Slide 14 where you see the Q4 drivers. On the revenue line, pricing and volume are expected to drive the top line strength. And regarding EBITDA drivers, pricing will have a larger impact in Q4 than it did in Q3. 
To wrap up, we executed very well in the quarter, both from an external perspective in driving demand across all regions but also, importantly, internally by focusing on cost control and delivering critical activities that will drive our future performance. This includes preparing our go-live of SAP, continuing to drive our R&D pipeline forward and keeping priority capital projects on track. Q4 is an important quarter for cash, and we are focused on cash generation as well as demand generation. We remain confident in our ability to drive above-market performance once again. 
And with that, I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.

Sure. Yes, let me just give a couple of high-level comments before Andrew jumps in on the details. 
One of the reasons you're seeing us move our free cash flow conversion and ultimately the dollars is -- the reason -- I think one of the primary reasons is the focus we've placed on cash as an organization. I think it's important to note that all the executives and senior managers now have a free cash flow component in the long-term incentive rewards for the company. And I do believe that, that has helped change our view of free cash flow and how we go about delivering that for the company. So that's an important backdrop for everybody on the call as to how you think about us driving not only earnings but also free cash flow. Andrew, do you want to talk about a couple of the drivers there?

Yes. Sure, Peter. I'll let Andrew talk about the details of the hedging policy, which we've talked about on a couple of calls previously. 
I do think though overall, when you have these types of movements, whether it's short-term volatility or a long-term movement in the currency, price is the most effective weapon for closing that FX gap. I mean hedging obviously helps. It is important for us to understand what we believe the performance of the company will be, and hedging allows us to do that. It is complicated, make no mistake, but I think we do a pretty good job of managing that exposure. But it really comes down to the commercial groups to manage the price list and how they move price in any one jurisdiction. Andrew, do you want to talk about the hedging policy?

Yes. Thanks, Laurent. Let's take the first one first, the Q3 pricing. I said it in the script, and we certainly saw this as we rolled through Q3 into Q4, the Brazilian market was extremely stressed. We probably think that market was delayed by about 30 days in terms of planting. It was just so hot and dry, unprecedented weather. That causes all sorts of frictions in the channel as you can imagine. And our ability to move price to the degree that we thought, it was just not as we had planned when we gave guidance in early August. So we responded to that. We had opportunities in the marketplace, especially in the soy complex to go and move volumes, which we did very successfully, but we didn't get as much price. 
Now what does that mean going forward? Well, certainly, the price lists going forward for Q4, we are at a higher level because that's already been negotiated. So we do have confidence in the prices going forward. But we covered about 55% of the total impact of FX in the year. It's going to take us through part of next year and all the way into the next -- beginning of the next season in Brazil to recover the rest of that, assuming that FX stays where it is today. You just don't recover those sort of increases in one season. It is just too much, and you can't expect the grower to absorb that. 
We will continue in Latin America to push price as we go through this season. And also we're looking at price, and we'll be looking at price in the other regions as they come into their new season in 2021. So expect us to be on this all the way through next year, and then we'll wait and see where we get to in Q3 next year for the 2021, '22 season in Latin America. 
On the other part of your question, Laurent, was channel inventories. I'll get a quick run around the well because I'm sure there are other people that have that same question in mind. In North America, particularly in the U.S., we feel we're in much better shape than we were a year ago. We were very explicit as we went through this year the fact that we felt, following the very poor year in 2019 in terms of weather, that we had more preemergent herbicide channel inventory than we would like. And that was the case. We've been very diligent in drawing that down this year, and we feel very confident that the levels we're at now, our average levels where we can compete from a channel inventory perspective. And it should bode very well for a good restocking at the end of this year, getting ready for the U.S. season in Q1. 
In Europe, I believe channel inventories are high. Not everywhere, but just given the weather conditions, especially in Northern Europe, I expect that herbicides -- some herbicides, some insecticides and certain fungicides will be high in Europe. It's something we're going to have to watch out for as we go into the next season starting in Q1. 
In Asia, I think India is in good shape. Monsoon was very, very good, so a lot of drawdown of inventories there, not that they were particularly high. ASEAN has improved a lot. Indonesia is looking much better now, more average for us. Australia has really got back on track, excellent season given the drought we've seen for the last 2 or 3 years. So Australia is good. 
I would say more inventory than we would like in China. For those of you that watched the situation, there was significant flooding during this season which did reduce demand. So we think China is a little heavy on inventory. 
And then moving down to Latin America, obviously, Brazil is the major focus there. Right now, inventories are high but that's got nothing to do with how we feel about the market. Grower sentiment is very strong. We expect acreage to increase once again. Local prices are strong. So the market is very buoyant. It is just purely a delay in the usage of products at this point. 
Put it in perspective for you, I can tell you, we always look at how much we're selling and what the market can take. And we have not sold more than the market can take in Brazil. So we feel very confident that once the planting really gets going, which it is now, the rains have arrived, that Brazil will be in much better shape as we end the season.

Yes. I think -- Steve, thanks for the question. Listen, I think it is such a fragmented market that, that whole complex of offering advice and developing the market itself has been slow to uptake. I think the value of the goods now are getting to a point where the growers see the impetus for improving both the fertilizer usage, crop protection, the seed quality. They're exporting more from that market, so therefore there is more of an incentive to invest. 
We certainly, from an agronomic advice, given the fact that our 4 distributor partners plus the sales and marketing force that we have there do give agronomic advice to the growers to help them improve their yield and educate the growers on what is happening. I don't see us going to a model where we have FMC stores in India. There's a difference between the Pakistan market and the India market. The India market is just so much bigger and more fragmented. We did a lot of business prior to the DuPont acquisition through small retailers, and I can tell you, a lot of people focus on the P&L for the business. But when you're going direct to retailers in places like India, you have to have a large balance sheet to support that. And we felt that was not the right way to go, so we took the 5 distributor model and expanded it. But I don't see us going to FMC stores in India. I don't think that's the right model for us in that country.

Thanks, so a couple of things. First of all, just the way you think about our business, and I know we talk about this a lot, but that geographic balance and the crop balance is very important. Plus the fact that if you think about the size of our business, we're roughly almost $5 billion in a $58 billion market. We have 9% market share, 8% to 9%. There is plenty of room for FMC to grow. We don't need the market to be growing mid-single digits for us to grow up mid-single digits. 
I think the whole area of how we're expanding our franchise -- and I'm not just talking about the diamides, I'm talking about the pipeline of products that's coming, the crops that we have. I've talked before about the number of registrations that we continue to add to our portfolio, which drives that future growth. 
If you think about products this year, we have about $70 million of new revenue from products that were launched this year. So that's what, 1.5%, almost 2% of revenue growth just from products that we're launching without the rest of the portfolio moving into new crops. 
So that geographic expansion is very important. Not only are we're seeing that in India as we've been very deliberate in moving out to certain parts of the country where we've not had presence, we're doing it in Indonesia, we're looking at our China business in terms of which provinces we need to expand into and then, surprisingly enough, we're still doing it in Brazil. We are looking at market access in different parts of Brazil, how do we take more share with the quality of the portfolio. 
So it's not one silver bullet. There are a number of components that we have to keep working on to continue to drive this outperformance of the market. And we strongly believe we can continue to do that.

Yes. Thanks, Mark. You can see when we talked about the FX impact, Andrew highlighted that the BRL was one of the major impacts. But there were a number of other currencies there, most of them in Asia. We do move price and have moved price in Asia this year. Not as robustly as Brazil given the size of that market, but we do get price. 
I think what you've got to think about in terms of the generic side of this business, we -- if you look at our business today, if you think about third-party products, which for us are essentially how you think about the generic -- how we think about generics, that's probably only about 5% of our total portfolio. So competing with generics is one thing when you compete with the same technology, competing with what we call value in use, so the value that the grower gets from using your products through either removing a pest to improve yield or productivity, that's where the real core of the business is. It is that value that the growers wish to protect. 
And think about it. Generally, prices are looking better. I know people always focus on soy and corn in the U.S. markets or in the Brazilian market. But where we are around the world, rice prices are not particularly bad. Sugar prices are not particularly bad. Fruit and vegetable prices are moving all over the place, given the demand has changed due to COVID. But generally speaking, growers in Asia now are looking at being more profitable, and therefore are willing to spend on the higher quality inputs that drive that yield and profitability. So we think of it that way rather than the generic market itself.

Yes. It's a bit of the first 2, not necessarily the last one, I think, Vincent. Yes, we do have geographic expansion and also crop expansion in India. Those fruit and vegetable markets themselves are highly fragmented. So we've talked before, as I said about the registration profile and how we're increasing that, India plays a significant role in getting our products onto more crops in different parts of the country. Certainly, I'm not going to go into all the details of the pipeline. We're going to do that in 2 weeks. But yes, the pipeline has applicability in India. 
I also think there are some agronomic changes going on that we see that are benefiting us. I'll give you an example. In Brazil, the sugarcane business is highly mechanized. In India, it is not, yet there are labor shortages. So in Brazil, where we are a leading provider of herbicides for the sugarcane market, we're now building a preemergent herbicide business in sugarcane in -- and in India, which is a brand market. It used to be manually controlled, and now they're using -- starting to use preemergent herbicide. That's a great example of a market that didn't exist a few years ago that is now growing rapidly, and we can transfer technology and know-how from Brazil to India. 
And in fact in the past, in the past few years, we have had India sugarcane growers go to Brazil to see the difference between the agronomic practices. That's all investment that allows us to continue to expand our market share and market growth.

Yes, John. We don't actually break out what are straight products versus what are formulated products, but certainly we are having success. We talked about the Elevest we just launched. We've got a couple of others coming this year. I don't think it will ever make up the vast majority of our sales into this space. But certainly as we fragment the market, and some of the partners that we're working with, as they look at the sales, they are also likely to have mixture products that they will use. So it may not be that FMC has those mixture partners or those formulated products, but our partner companies will have. So you will see a growth in that part of the market but we might not necessarily have that ourselves. We will have some, obviously, because we're working on that, but I think the general market itself will continue to fragment with more formulated-type products.

Yes. You can't -- Frank, you can't necessarily say that the first half of next year is the same as the second half of this year purely because you look at our growth rates in Q3 and especially in Q4, Latin America and Asia, in particular, play a significant role.  Well, that Asia business is not necessarily as big in Q1 or Q2, not far off, but certainly Latin America is much lower in Q1 and Q2 than Q3 and Q4. So I think you've got to be careful in that we never look at the business sequentially. It's not something we do because we look at it from a seasonality perspective. 
Now do we have traction? Yes, obviously we do given the market growth rates. But we're right in the middle of our budgeting process at this point. Just to give you sort of a broad view of the market itself because I don't have FMC's internal numbers yet, but broadly speaking, the market this year is down low single digits. I would expect the market next year to be sort of flattish. I think Europe should improve if the season is anywhere near normal and everywhere else is kind of looking a little stronger. Latin America looking a little stronger. I expect Asia will, too. The U.S. market, with prices for soft commodities where they are today, China continues to buy, the U.S. market should look a little better next year. We'll see. 
And then you've got our long-range plan. We pegged top line growth of 5% to 7%. Here we are through our second year, we're right in the middle of that range from a 2-year growth rate perspective. People should be thinking of FMC delivering in that 5% to 7% range and 7% to 9% for EBITDA going into next year. I don't have the exact number, but certainly our long-range plan through 2023 is on track. That's how you should be thinking about it.

Difficult to say at this point, Aleksey. We are certainly working with Latin America or Asia to look at where we're going to be on pricing. We haven't built that model out yet. But you're right. We are -- we have recovered about 55%. We got about $100 million of pricing to go. 
It all depends on what happens to FX. Does FX stay where it is? Given where the election is, does the dollar strengthen or weaken after the election? All those things come into play. So I think it's a little early to say there's a $100 million tailwind in pricing going into next year.

Thanks, Joel. Yes, listen, it's a subject that is very close to my heart. I passionately believe in sustainability. And a company like ours with the marketplace that we operate in, I think there are tremendous opportunities for us to position FMC as a sustainable company and a leader in this space. 
You will have seen, we made an announcement in October, we've now put in place a Chief Sustainability Officer. We're restructuring parts of the company to put that under our sustainability office. For me, it ties so closely into the technology platform that we had, and we'll talk about that in 2 weeks' time at the Technology Investor Day. 
I think the feedback we're getting is there is an appetite and a discussion around the types of chemistries that get used, the latest technologies, the more targeted technologies that are softer in chemistry, the biological approach to crop protection is also gaining a lot of traction, and the combination of the 2 types of chemistries together. And then there is the whole -- the carbon footprint of companies that come into play, how we think about our waste in our utilities. They're all part of managing the company with the expectations of the various stakeholders that we have. 
So I do see it as an important aspect. You will see more from us. And we're putting out some pretty ambitious goals for sustainability for the company that we will be reporting on, on a regular basis. So more to come from this area.

Yes. You're right. We have had that drag on costs. I think we said earlier on in the year, it was about $20 million of drag. 
Frankly, I don't see that going away in the near term. When you look at what is happening in Europe today in terms of sort of the second wave, we have already been extremely proactive ahead of the next season of moving material to local warehouses distributed throughout Europe rather than the lower-cost model where you use centralized warehousing. We're very cognizant of the fact that things are changing in Europe. So we've been very proactive in putting those products out into the marketplace where we know they're going to be needed, and we have more of an opportunity to move them around. That entails cost. 
Now that cost was built into this year, so I do -- I just expect it to kind of roll forward. I don't think you'll see a tailwind from that. Given where we are, certainly Q1 is going to look very similar to Q4, I think. And if we see that wave growing elsewhere, we'll do the same thing in terms of logistics, fast-moving products around, et cetera. 
So we're very much at the forefront of this. We're very proactive. We learned a lot over the last couple of years. And we're applying those learnings, but they do come with an added cost.