Thank you, Zack, and good morning, everyone. Before I move into details on our results, I'd like to take a moment to provide an update on FMC's position related to the war in the Ukraine. In mid-April, we announced the decision to discontinue our operations in Russia and exit the country completely, making FMC the first crop input provider to exit Russia. We could not ignore increasing reports of potential war crimes, human rights abuses and other atrocities committed in the Ukraine. Our values as a company do not allow FMC to operate and grow our business in Russia.
Furthermore, as the war continued and new sanctions and counter sanctions were levied, FMC's ability to conduct business in Russia have become unsustainable. A cross-functional team continues to navigate the extraordinary logistics and supply chain challenges in Ukraine and other parts of Eastern Europe. FMC and our employees raised nearly $300,000 for charities supporting the Ukranian people and families in need. Our hearts and thoughts remain with all Ukrainians and especially our FMC colleagues and their families.  
Turning to FMC's performance in Q1. We delivered strong results, driven by robust volumes and solid pricing actions across all regions. We grew our revenue by 16% organically, EBITDA by 16%, EPS by 23% and importantly, expanded our EBITDA margins by approximately 60 basis points, while confronting a variety of supply and cost challenges as well as increasing currency headwinds. With disruptions impacting several agricultural inputs, we believe some of our Q1 sales were accelerated from Q2 as customers look to secure supply in events.  
Given this context, our guidance for Q2, combined with Q1 actuals, implies 11% revenue growth and 8% EBITDA growth for the first half of the year compared to the first half of 2021, which is much more front-loaded than prior years. Latin America and North America contributed greatly to our success in the quarter, supported by elevated commodity prices, acreage increases and historically low stock-to-use ratios for several crops.  
Sales from products launched in the past 5 years increased by more than 50% in the quarter compared to the same period last year, demonstrating the strength of our technology pipeline and product portfolio. The global Plant Health business also continued its growth trajectory, with biologicals growing 15% year-over-year.  
Last year, we announced our goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2035. We recently achieved the first milestone towards that goal by submitting 2030 emissions reduction targets to the science-based targets initiative. These targets include 42% absolute reduction in direct emission from FMC's own sources and indirect emissions from purchased electricity, steam, heating and cooling, also known as Scopes 1 and 2 as well as a 25% absolute reduction in all indirect emissions that occur in the value chain, otherwise known as Scope 3 emissions. An incredible amount of rigor went into developing these targets with our sustainability team conducting an exhaustive review of all factors contributing to FMC's greenhouse gas emissions and quantifying those emissions across the entire value chain.  
We will publish our 11th annual sustainability report in the coming weeks, and we look forward to speaking more on this topic in upcoming calls.  
Turning to Slide 3 for our Q1 results and keeping in mind my earlier comment about shifts within the first half, we reported $1.35 billion in first quarter revenue, which reflects a 13% increase on a reported basis and 16% organic growth. We had double-digit growth in all product categories, with fungicides showing the greatest growth year-over-year at 20%. Biologicals grew 15%, continuing the momentum of our Plant Health business.  
Regional growth was driven by strong volume gains in North America and Latin America as well as high single-digit price increases in all 4 regions. FX was a headwind to top line growth in EMEA. Adjusted EBITDA was $355 million, an increase of 16% compared to the prior year period and $30 million above the midpoint of our guidance range. EBITDA margins were 26.3%, an increase of 60 basis points compared to the prior year period.  
Cost inflation continued to be a challenge and at a higher rate than anticipated. So we move price more aggressively in all regions to offset these increasing headwinds. We've also been actively managing our SG&A costs, some of which shifted from Q1 into Q2. FX was a headwind to EBITDA. Adjusted earnings of $1.88 per diluted share in the quarter, an increase of 23% versus Q1 2021 and $0.18 above the midpoint of our guidance range. The year-over-year increase was primarily driven by an increase in EBITDA with the benefit from lower share count and lower interest expenses, largely offset by higher minority interest and taxes.  
Moving now to Slide 4. Q1 revenue increased by 13% versus prior year, driven by an 8% volume increase and an 8% pricing gain. Foreign currencies were a headwind of 3% in the quarter on the top line.  
In North America, strong commodity prices supported robust demand for inputs. Sales increased 30% year-over-year with broad-based growth across all indications and for a variety of crops such as tree fruits, nuts, vines, corn and soy. In the U.S., we grew with Rynaxypyr brands such as Vantacor and Altacor in fruits and vegetables.  Xyway our unique infra fungicide continues to gain significant momentum while providing seasonal long protection for corn from foliar diseases.  
Sales of biologicals almost doubled in the U.S., led by Ethos XB for corn and soybeans. Ethos XB is a unique combination of a synthetic insecticide for seed and insect protection with biological microorganisms and have fungicidal properties. Our Canadian business had a record quarter, driven by low channel inventory of insecticides and strength in cereal herbicides.  
We also successfully launched Coragen Max which is the new higher concentration formulation of Rynaxypyr active targeting pests on corn, dry beans and several other crops. Over 30% of FMC's branded sales in North America this quarter came from products, which were launched in the last 5 years.  
Moving now to Latin America. Sales increased 31% year-over-year, led by Brazil and Argentina, driven by volume and price increases as well as a 6% FX tailwind driven by the Brazilian real. Colombia, Peru and Ecuador also grew double digits in the quarter.  
In Brazil, we grew our herbicide brands, [indiscernible] and Gamit on soy, corn, sugarcane and coffee. We also grow our insecticide brands, Talisman, Hero and Coragen on soy, corn and cotton. FMC continues to reap the benefits of a strategy to improve market access and increased penetration of our technologies in the brazilian soybean market. Sales and EMEA grew 11% versus prior year excluding currency headwinds. Results were driven by strong price increases across the region as well as demand for Rynaxypyr based brands Coragen and Altacor for corn and herbicide brands Express and Pointer for sunflowers. Registration losses and product rationalizations were largely offset by new product launches in the quarter.  
Over 10% of branded sales in the quarter came from products launched in the last 5 years. FX was a significant headwind in the quarter, resulting in flat year-over-year revenue growth.  
Sales in Asia were up 2% versus the first quarter last year and up 5% organically. The increase was driven by pricing actions and strong performance in Australia and ASEAN countries, offset mainly by a reduction in Indian rice acres. Approximately 15% of branded sales in the quarter came from products launched in the last 5 years.  
Turning now to the first quarter EBITDA on Slide 5. EBITDA was up 16% year-over-year, driven by pricing and volume gains, which were partially offset by cost and FX headwinds. Price was up $94 million in the quarter with high single-digit increases implemented in all 4 regions. It is important to note that our pricing actions were taken to offset the sustained cost inflation we're experiencing across our supply chain.  
Raw material, energy, logistics, packaging and labor costs remained elevated and contributed to the $62 million cost headwind in the quarter. FX was a $16 million headwind in the quarter with weakening European currencies. Overall, EBITDA margins expanded 60 basis points in the quarter.  
Before I review FMC's full year 2022 and Q2 earnings outlook, let me share our view of the overall market conditions. We continue to expect the global crop protection market will be up low to  mid-single-digit percent on a U.S. dollar basis. Breaking this down by region, we expect Latin America, North America and Asia to be up mid-single digits, while EMEA is now expected to be down low single digits. The war in Ukraine made further reduce market growth in the EMEA region. Commodity prices of many of the major crops remained elevated and stocks-to-use ratios are near historical lows, creating a favorable backdrop for crop protection products.  
FMC is -- FX is projected to be a headwind for EMEA and Asia markets on a U.S. dollar basis.  
Turning to Slide 6 and the review of FMC's full year 2022 and Q2 earnings outlook. Despite the volatile supply and geopolitical environment, we remain confident in our ability to deliver solid growth in 2022. FMC's full year revenue is forecasted to be in the range of $5.25 billion to $5.55 billion, representing an increase of 7% at the midpoint versus 2021, driven by volume and price growth in all regions, partially offset by currency headwinds.  
Full year adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $1.32 billion to $1.48 billion, representing 6% year-over-year growth at the midpoint. This will be achieved through pricing actions and strong volumes. However, rising costs and supply disruptions will continue to be significant headwinds to EBITDA. 2022 adjusted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $6.70 to $8 per diluted share representing an increase of 6% year over year at the midpoint, consistent with cross [indiscernible] we do not factor in any benefit from future share repurchases. And in our EPS guidance. This continued in our Russia business does not change our full year earnings expectation at this time and it will take some time for us to assess the full financial implications for our exit. For reference, however, our Russian operations made up approximately 1.5% of our global sales in 2021. A guidance for Q2 takes into account the shift of some sales from Q2 into Q1 as customers across many countries placed the orders in advance to secure supplies during these uncertain times. Given the current industry dynamics it is possible, we will see the same phenomenon occur with future orders moving into Q2.  
Q2 guidance implies sales growth of 9% at the midpoint. EBITDA growth of 1% at the midpoint and EPS growth of 2% at the midpoint year-over-year.  
Turning to Slide 7 and the updated range of 2022 EBITDA outcomes. The market backdrop is supported with FX limiting crop protection growth to low to mid-single digits. Pricing actions and strong market demand have offset quickly rising costs so far. However, volatility persist due to renewed COVID-related shutdowns in China, energy cost inflation in Europe and ongoing disruption of global supply chains and logistics. FMC continues to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner despite these disruptions, but reliable supply is coming at an increased cost. We do not expect to see any cost relief through the remainder of 2022. 
EMEA and Asia have experienced FX headwinds, only partially offset by the positive currency impact in brazil. In addition, our decision to exit the Russian market and the impact of the war in Ukraine our new considerations.
Turning to Slide 8 and full year revenue and EBITDA drivers. Strong volume expansion and price increases across all regions will drive revenue growth. FX volatility is expected to be a negative factor on our full year revenue outlook. In terms of crop mix, we expect roughly half our sales to come from specialty crops such as fruit and vegetables, sugar, rice and corn. Almost 40% of our sales are expected to come from corn, soy and cereals, such as wheat. FMC's crop diversity is a long-term competitive advantage since we're not over-indexed to any single commodity. 
Our EBITDA guidance reflects strong demand for our existing portfolio of new products as well as mid-single-digit price increases. These benefits to EBITDA are partially offset by substantial cost headwinds as well as investments in SG&A and R&D. 
Moving to Slide 9 and Q2 drivers. On the revenue line, volume growth is expected to continue, along with price increases in all regions, but will start to lap some of the increases taken last year. We are anticipating FX headwinds to continue, principally from European and Asian currencies. We also expect to see impact from our decision to exit Russia beginning in the second quarter. 
For EBITDA, positive drivers include volume, especially for new products and pricing actions. The benefit from these drivers will be largely offset by elevated raw material, packaging and logistics costs as well as some SG&A costs that shifted from Q1 into Q2. FX related headwinds are also expected to persist especially in EMEA. 
Turning to Slide 10. With the guidance for Q2 and the full year on record, we would like to also share the implied forecast for the 2 halves. Revenue forecast for the first half of 2022 indicates 11% growth over the first half of '21. Implied revenue forecast for the second half of 2022 indicates 4% growth over the prior year period. This is consistent with the stronger pricing actions and significant volume gains achieved in the second half of last year, especially in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
EBITDA forecast for the first half of 2022 indicates 8% growth over the prior year period, driven by strong demand and pricing actions, offset by cost and FX headwinds. Our guidance also implies 4% year-over-year EBITDA growth in the second half of the year. This results in a more front-weighted outlook for EBITDA growth compared to last year. 
I'll now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. Our first quarter performance in combination with the guidance for Q2 reflects FMC's ability to mitigate cost increase through pricing actions and to fulfill robust demand and the challenging supply conditions. Our new product introduction continue to gain momentum with over 30% of expected full year revenue growth coming from products introduced in the last 5 years. Our global Plant Health business continues its impressive growth trajectory led by biologicals.
2022 is proving to be one of the most challenging years even considering all we've had to manage since 2019. Our continued success stems from our strong customer focus, the way FMC's cross-functional teams are overcoming headwinds and finally, the strength of our robust technology and new product pipeline. All these attributes will serve us as well through the remainder of the year. 
I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.

Yes. Vincent, thank you. Mix for us resides in volume. So what you're seeing in price is all actual price invoice in the marketplace. Listen, I think we've been very clear as we went through the second half of last year, we started moving price in North America actually in Q2 and then raised in other regions as we run through the year. And you can see that in our results as pricing continues to build. What we realized that as we were going through Q4 was that costs were going to come in significantly higher than we had forecasted internally as we into 2022. So we made the decision that not only would we raise prices in markets that were active at that point, but also getting ready for other markets around the world. 
So what you saw was really a broad-based move for FMC across pretty much every country to really drive price in anticipation of costs. And you could see that in the quarter. Pricing was higher than costs in the quarter. It's not going to look like that in every quarter as we go forward. If you will recall, we did say that we expected price to offset COGS impact of inflation and availability throughout the year. We still maintain that. 
What you should see through our results, though, is that our pricing is much higher than we anticipated because that impact of the supply disruptions and cost in general is still flowing through the business. So we need that cost to make no mistake. And the commercial groups are very active in the marketplace. If we continue to see disruptions and costs, we will continue to move price. I think that's something that's very important, not only for FMC, but for the industry in general, things are not getting better out there. When I think about what we're seeing, I don't think we've seen the full impact of COVID yet in China, all the lockdowns that we see. We're having supply disruptions in China, probably as bad as they have been in the past. What worries me more is logistics out of China, the amount of freight that is, is tracked in the major parts in China, just the amount of freight ships that are stuck outside China suggests that, that way is yet to come. So we're getting ahead of the curve. I think that's the right thing to do. 
Pricing is the main tool. Now that's not to say we're not managing costs internally. And we alluded to that in the call. We did move SG&A lower through actions that we took, some of that flowed into Q2 on our forecast. But when you look at the first half, it's a very strong first half.

Yes. Thanks, Laurent. When you look at the market today, we view the market, obviously, as a positive backdrop. Soft commodity prices are high. Stock-to-use ratios are very low, almost at 10-year lows in some cases. So we know many of the regions that are entering the planting seasons now are going to plant as much as they possibly can. 
Allied to that is the fact that to get the most yield, you will want to use the best products. Now one thing that is often misunderstood is pricing is not necessarily related to value generics sell on price, we sell on value. So the usage of our products enables greater productivity and yield gains, and you can get with other types of products and that's proven to be true as we've gone through numerous cycles. When I think back to 2008 and 2009 in this business, the Ag business performed extremely well. Why? Because people want to get the highest yield they can and they tend to use the best technologies to do that. We're seeing that with demand for our products. Think about the comments I made about. We're going to have $600 million of revenue this year from products introduced in the last 5 years. That tells you that the newer products are the best ones to use to get that yield. We don't see people reducing sprays at this point. We think applications will continue as normal. 
Remember, if you have insect pressure, you have a choice to make. You either remove the insects or you lose your crop. That's very important when it comes to actual usage of products. So our backdrop is positive. We believe the markets will continue like this, certainly this year and probably into next year as well. We don't see anything on the horizon that will change that. So from our perspective, it is making sure that we can get those high-quality, newer technologies to the marketplace, certainly in the right time frame given all the disruptions we're seeing.

Yes. I mean in the U.S., we started to raise prices last year in Q2. So it should be a little more muted as we go through Q2 and then certainly into Q3 and into Q4. Latin America is not really an impact in Q2, a small amount, but you'll see that much more in Q3, certainly in Q4. So really I would focus on North America in Q2 on price. Everywhere else, we'll be catching up as we lap ourselves in Q3 and Q4.

Yes. Thanks, Josh. So listen, the playbook is pretty similar for us. Procurement and supply chain working hand-in-hand on basically on a daily basis to understand the flow of goods. And you have to remember, you obviously read about the major lockdown in Shanghai, but I believe something like 330 million people are in lock down all over the country and that's changing day-to-day. So we're navigating day-to-day movement of goods from one facility to another or movement of goods to ports and out of the country. That's not dissimilar to what we've been doing over the last 2 to 3 years in China. We are seeing more congestion at the ports given just the amount of lockdowns. So it's a case of not just manufacturing the products in China or getting the immediate of fine chemicals, but then getting the product out of China. And that's where we're keeping a very close eye on what is happening with logistics. 
We're using different ports to traditional ports that we would use. We are using more air freight to get products out in time. So I don't think it's anything what I would call different to what we've managed over the last 2 or 3 years, but the intensity is certainly higher than it has been as we've gone through Q4 and into Q1.

Yes. Sure, Joel. Listen, I mean we're anchored on $1.4 billion of EBITDA for a reason. It is the highest probability we see for the results for this year. And it is a range that we've put in place, and it's fair deliberately. The world is not simple right now, and I think everybody knows that. But certainly, when we work together -- on the February call, we had this view, and we haven't really changed it. In fact, if anything, with the Ukraine war situation has probably got worse from that perspective plus the COVID-19 lockdowns in China are worse than they were before. So you can see rationally why we kept the range wide. It doesn't mean to say that we're still not anchored on the $1.4 billion. We are. 
You're right. If things were to move to the upper end of this range, we would have to see a better mix, even more pricing than we've got today and costs perhaps mitigating themselves with less FX impact. That's a lower probability than where we are at $1.4 billion. Also equally is a lower probability of the $1.32 billion at the low end of the range. I mean you have to believe that things would get so severe that we couldn't offset that by a price or that the market demand weakens because of significant weather issues in any regions. So I think the upper end is a low probability, but so is the low end. That's why we're anchored on that $1.4 billion at the middle. And when you see what we put there around the market growth, the strong demand, they're all relevant. We are getting the mid-single-digit price increases. Costs are elevated. We see that, but we are mitigating that. FX is a headwind. But once again, we're mitigating that with volume, which we have said we always would do and then we're trying to manage those supply disruptions. The only new one there is Russia and Ukraine and we're managing that. So you can see why we still kept the range wide, but there is a lower probability at each end of that range and a much higher probability in the middle.

Yes. Thanks, Chris. Look, the diamides are growing pretty much as we've said they would grow. They're in the high single digits. We saw that in Q1. We'll see that through the rest of the year. When you look at our overall growth rates for the year, you can see that the rest of the portfolio is also growing strongly. Plant Health, we talk about a lot because the biological investment there is going really, really well. I would say that when I think about on average of what, somewhere around 7% revenue growth, the rest of the portfolio is growing in that mid-single digits plus and the new products that we're introducing are growing much faster than that. We have about a 1.5% drag on the portfolio just because of registration losses. It's been a little lower in the first half of this year. It might be a little lower than that full year, maybe 1% range, but it's about the right place to be. You can see that the portfolio overall is performing very well. 
I talked about the $600 million of revenue from the products in the last 5 years, but I think it's the growth rate of that that's occurring. It was $400 million last year. It's $600 million this year. That means we got $200 million of brand new growth. So that's what we should be focused on, and that is coming from not only the big products that we launch, whether it's a Fluindapyr fungicide or an Isoflex herbicide, those are the bigger products that are in the multi-hundred million dollars of range when they reach their peak size. What often gets overlooked is the amount of work we do on brand new formulations that come to market every year. 
And last year, I think we had something like $170 million, $180 million of products introduced within the year, it's slightly less than that this year, but it's still substantial. Don't underestimate the value that, that brings. Those products are new. They are coming to market at higher margins, so you're improving the mix. So it's all 3 things for us. It's the core. It's the local formulations that we do in our research facilities around the world. It's the very large pipeline products that come through. And obviously, the diamides continue in that high single-digit range.

Yes. Look, I mean, as we think further forward on the diamides, not only are we growing ourselves. Our new partner sales are growing nicely as well, roughly at the same rate that we are internally to FMC. Obviously, we're taking new products into new markets with new registrations. Our partners are doing the same. But we are taking market share in insecticides with the diamide. When you look at some of the older chemistries, whether it be the neonicotinoids or whether it be the carbonates and now some of the other chemistries also coming under pressure, in fact, some of our own chemistries coming under pressure. We're losing registrations of Indoxacarb in Europe this year, which is a great molecule, but doesn't fit the profile for the EU. 
That churn is happening in the industry, and we are taking advantage of that. We expect that to continue. It is one of the growth drivers for the diamides as we look forward for the next 10 years. That will not slow down. In fact, you could argue the replacement of older technologies will accelerate as we go through time, especially in jurisdictions like Europe. So it is a positive for us. We see it that way, and we have taken advantage of it, and we'll continue to do so.

Thanks, Tony. Yes, I mean, listen, you had a comment earlier about the fact that we sell value, and that's something that we have always done and will continue to do. When you look at some of the chemistries in this space, they are very commoditized and almost index-linked. You can think of some of the nonselective herbicides, which move up very quickly and move down very quickly. Our portfolio historically has never done that. And you could argue that with the portfolio as it is today, it is even less likely to move quickly. So it's taken us a while to get to this point. We didn't recover all the costs last year. Our intent is when we come out of this cycle that our margins will have in fact, improved because of all the efforts that we've put in place with regards to SAP, et cetera. So our plan over the long haul is to make sure that these prices are sticky by selling the value aspect of the portfolio. We don't have the nonselective herbicides. We don't have that large generic portfolio. So we do not expect to have that large swing in price as we come through the other side of this.

Andrew, do we have an absolute number? I don't think we do, do we?

Yes. Thanks, Arun. Listen, next year is the last year of our 5-year plan. We're tracking well on revenue right in the middle of the range. We are slightly below on EBITDA. But as Andrew and I were discussing the other day, since '18 through '21, we've had over $600 million of cost and FX headwinds, and we're only just slightly below the lower end of the range. So look I'm not going to guide '23, it is way too early to guide '23. But there's no reason to believe that if the situation starts to normalize, but we wouldn't be in that 7% to 9% range. We're obviously not going to cover the gap that we've had over the last couple of years. So we will likely end up somewhere at the low end of that range at the end of the 5-year plan commendable results to say the least, given everything that we've had. And frankly, this year's cost and FX is higher than we've seen at any point of the last 5 years in terms of this plan. So we're swimming against a very strong tide and right at the edge of our range. So we do feel that the company has performed well since 2018 on both metrics. 
After 2023, we are going to be putting together a new long-range plan. Whatever time line that takes, we will make that decision. We would expect to come out with a new long-range plan towards the end of 2023, where we will be public with where the company is going over what time frame. But for now, we're just sticking with where we are and obviously that 7% to 9% EBITDA range is what we'd be aiming for next year.

No. Listen, I think from a portfolio perspective, I think you've got all the pieces of information that we've given out in terms of the pipeline growth, the diamide longer-term view, the portfolio itself, the core portfolio. At this point in time, obviously, we're always looking at M&A from a technology perspective. They tend to play out over the long haul. It wouldn't impact the near term, but we are looking at a number of items on the technology side of M&A. So I don't think there's anything there that we have that you don't have in terms of trying to model where the future growth of the company is. I think, obviously, as we go through this planning cycle, we'll have a much better view at the end of '23 around where the company will be going over the next decade.

Yes. Sure. Thank you. Generally speaking, we are not concerned about channel inventories. There are a couple of pockets in the world. One we alluded to, which is India. In Q4, weather patterns were not great, and there is a reduction in rice acres in India, and you saw some of the comments about strong growth in ASEAN and Australia offset by India. We're taking the opportunity to reduce our channel inventories in India at the beginning of the year. We expect that to normalize pretty quickly as we go through the first half year. 
Outside of that, Northern Hemisphere, I don't think we'll carry in excess inventories as we're going into the channel into the seasons. Recommendations from our group are that we expect normal tax pressures for the years going forward in Europe and in the U.S. here. So we're not seeing anything that we would say is concerning at all. They seem pretty normal to us. 
In Latin America, for us, normal. Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, India where we should be at this point of the season, demand has been very good for us. Our growth rates are in line with how we're penetrating the market. You'll recall on the call here, I just talked about the fact that we've been spending a lot of time and effort improving our market access into the soy complex in Brazil, and that's where our growth is coming from, whether it be with insecticides or some of the new herbicides that we have in place. We're not worried about where our inventory levels are at all in Brazil or Argentina.

Sure. I'll let Andrew comment on the actual numbers. We are working through what the financial impact will be, both from a P&L and a balance sheet impact. We do believe that we have opportunities to offset maybe not all of that impact, but certainly the vast majority of it. So we're working through that right now. I would say, the Ukraine, we're expecting very low planted acres, especially obviously in the East. Our groups are active. Our salespeople are out, growers are planting. It's just under very, very difficult conditions. Getting material into the country, we are doing that. It's once you're in country is working through distribution, et cetera. It's not, as you can imagine, particularly easy. So I would expect acreage to be down significantly in the Ukraine, but we will obviously do everything we can to get material into that country and make sure that they can plant every acre they can. Andrew, do you just want to comment on the rough impact?

Yes. I mean, listen, we've gone through a period of very low growth in the Ag sector over the last, I would say, last 3 to 4 years. Take a step back and look at what is happening on soft commodity prices, what would you have to believe that would drive soft commodities lower right now. I mean, certainly, the Russia-Ukraine situation is driving cereals. You had weather impacts in Latin America last season in the south of Brazil, north of Argentina. We're watching weather very closely around the world. There is always a weather impact somewhere to disrupt the market. That's just a fact of life. So you've got to believe that soft commodities right now are going to stay elevated. And that being the case, that's a good -- generally, a good backdrop for us as crop protection input providers. So we're looking at '23 as -- it is very early. We're running the start of May, but we're looking at '23 as an extension of '22. That's how we're thinking of it right now. It should be a positive backdrop. We don't see any negatives out there that is going to fundamentally shift this. So '23 should be a good year.

Yes. Mike, when we've talked about this subject before, I always allude back to the 2015 time frame when we bought Cheminova. Prior to that, we were about 95% to 90% dependent on China for pretty much all the raw materials, intermediates, fine and specialty chemicals. We've been working, and we've had a program to really ensure that we have a balanced supply chain and manufacturing footprint around the world, not only with the Cheminova acquisition, but with the DuPont acquisitions as well. And today, we're probably in that 43%, 45% range dependent upon China. Our aim is to get that to sub-40% within the next year or so. We've done a very good job of setting up manufacturing with the assets, whether it be in India or Europe. We've shifted some toll manufacturing into Europe and Mexico, as an example, to see Brazil. We will continue to do that. It is something that, frankly, is never ending. I would like to get it into the 30% range. I don't know whether my manufacturing and procurement people would agree with that. But I think if we could get a China dependency on 30-plus percent would be almost ideal for us with a good balance between India and Europe and the U.S. being the rest. I think we'll be in great shape by then.