Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. In the first quarter this year, Ag Solutions benefited from higher revenue synergies and lower operating costs. Both of these factors will continue to deliver stronger earnings in the rest of 2018. The rapid progress we have made on integration is creating a very strong platform for 2018 and beyond, and the early traction we are seeing on revenue synergies will enhance 2018 performance and accelerate in the years to come. We will talk about these areas in more detail today.
In addition, while we do not believe the crop protection market outlook has changed from 3 months ago, we see significant pockets of opportunity that are a very good fit for FMC's portfolio. For example, the late planting season in the U.S. has the potential to lead to greater shift to soybeans from corn, which could be a large benefit for FMC, given our Authority pre-emergent herbicide. The fear of Chinese tariffs on U.S. soybean import is leading to South American growers looking to expand soybean acreage, again, a shift that will benefit FMC. Higher replanting of sugarcane in Brazil, plus expanded acreage in cotton due to higher cotton prices, will create greater demand for FMC products in these markets where we are particularly strong. As always, growing conditions are very favorable, and we are seeing very rapid growth in demand for the acquired insecticides as a result. 
Overall, market-driven opportunities in the next 2 or 3 quarters are perhaps the best FMC has seen in multiple years. A critical component of the growth strategy of the business is new product registration and label expansions. We have over 200 of them coming for Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect controls over the next 4 years.
Beyond the immediate future, FMC has a very strong technology pipeline. We launched our first new active ingredient from FMC R&D pipeline, bixafen, in North America later this year, and we'll launch new fungicides and insecticides in multiple regions in 2020 and 2021.
What you will hear today is that FMC has started the year very strong, due largely to a very successful initial integration of the acquired portfolio that FMC is operating in market conditions over the rest of the year that are very good fits with its strengths, leading to above-average growth for the rest of the year. And FMC's growth potential beyond 2018 is extremely high, driven by revenue synergies, technology launches, and wider and deeper market penetration of the combined portfolio.
The Lithium business also continues to perform strongly, as demand for differentiated performance products remains very high. We are on track to list the Lithium business, targeting an October 2018 IPO, which will be followed by the direct spin to FMC shareholders within 6 months.
Turning to Slide 3. FMC reported first quarter revenue of just over $1.2 billion, which was double the revenue from Q1 2017. Adjusted EPS was $1.84 in the quarter, more than 4x the EPS from the same period a year ago and $0.32 above the mid-points of our original guidance range. Ag Solutions EBITDA was $51 million, above the midpoint of our guidance range. The outperformance relative to our guidance was mainly due to strong revenue growth and lower operating cost in our Ag Solutions business. In Lithium, the strong year-over-year performance was due to more favorable customer mix and higher pricing, combined with higher volumes and good operating performance.
Moving on to Slide 4 and Ag Solutions. Revenue of $1.1 billion in the quarter more than doubled year-over-year on a reported basis, and increased 13% on a pro forma basis. Following the close of our acquisition, we gave high priority to training the 2 sales organizations on all product, which has allowed us to quickly capitalize on cross-selling opportunities. Our global sales force delivered an impressive performance in its first full quarter with the combined portfolio. 
First quarter segment EBITDA of $356 million increased 250% year-over-year, and were $51 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Segment EBITDA margin was over 32%, 270 basis points above the midpoint of the guidance. Higher revenue contributed about 2/3 of the earnings beat in the quarter, and lower cost contributed the final 1/3. We have been able to leverage FMC's existing sales and back office infrastructure to limit the number of new position added. We also include lower operating cost as a result of savings across procurement and plant services.
On Slide 5, you see we delivered double-digit Q1 revenue growth on a pro forma basis in every region: North America revenue increased 16%; Latin America revenue grew 15%; Asia revenue increased 13%; and Europe revenue grew 11%. There were several growth themes that drove revenue synergies, which led to the strength in the quarter.
Turning to Slide 6. These are some example that highlight synergy opportunities we are seeing all around the world. Extended market access is the simplest way to look at where the synergies are coming from, and this is driven by 2 things: cross-selling to customers that didn't have access to the product before; and leveraging the expanded portfolio to address more of the available market. Brazil is a good example of this, which we show on the left side of the slide. You can see that 975 of the customers previously served by FMC were also served by DuPont, but nearly 700 customers, over 40% of the total, only had access to other FMC or DuPont products. 
Let me remind you that the product portfolio that we acquired has very little overlap with our existing portfolio, so every customer that didn't have access to one or the other's product is a cross-selling opportunity for us. 
The second path of expanding our addressable market is through a broader portfolio of product. This is not totally distinct from the cross-selling, but it is another way to look at it. We believe that [ with ] our new portfolio of products, our addressable market in Brazil has increased from 53% to 62%. This equates to an additional $1 billion in a $10 billion market.
When you look at the different channels to market in Brazil, dealers are an important piece. And we believe we now have access to about 2/3 of all dealers across the country compared to 50% before the acquisition. We now sell to nearly all the co-ops in the south, and these co-ops provide significant access to growers of niche crops. We support the growth of the acquired portfolio.
But Brazil is not the only country where we believe our addressable market has extended. In China, agricultural practices and policies are changing. The entire crop protection market is evolving toward higher-technology product, and growers are aligning with the suppliers they see as technology providers. We have an example where one of the largest ag chem distributors in China is expected to triple each purchases of FMC product in 2018 due to our expanded portfolio and pipeline of new products underway.
We believe this is an instance of a customer that is perceiving FMC differently. Beyond the quality of the products, this customer truly values our service and business model. In addition, they now see us as a technology provider, one with which they want to build a closer longer-term relationship.
In Europe, our expanded commercial organization has much broader and deeper access into all parts of the region. In Italy, for example, we have doubled our total of customer base. And with more retail outlets, we have more shelf space and expanded access. The acquired business has better market access than FMC initially would. In Romania, for example, we increased the number of distributors we sell to by 5x, and quadrupled our sales of legacy FMC product in Q1. We have seen opportunities in multiple countries in Europe, and together, we expect they will deliver significant growth in the future.
In India, our new super distributors give us a much better access with the overall market, as well as the ability to sell FMC's herbicide portfolio into new segments such as sugarcane. Another opportunity for further sales synergy is in crops where either FMC or the acquired business has a very strong market position, and we can now aggressively sell a broader portfolio to the specific groups of farmers. For example, we can sell the acquired insecticide to our long-time sugarcane and cotton customers in Brazil, and we can sell FMC legacy herbicides to the super distributors in India. We are also seeing opportunities in specialty crops in Eastern Europe, as well as rice, fruits and vegetables in Asia.
Moving now to Lithium on Slide 7. Lithium delivered another strong quarter, with revenue up 57% compared to Q1 last year and segment EBITDA of $50 million, almost double that from a year ago. The business continues to benefit from a favorable environment, with demand growth continuing to outpace supply growth for key battery-grade lithium product. Prices continued to climb, with realized hydroxide and carbonate prices around 30% higher than Q1 2017, and butyllithium prices also up 8%. Volumes were also higher in all areas, as debottlenecking in Argentina, new hydroxide capacity in China and higher demand in BuLi all contributed to the year-over-year growth.
Our EBITDA margin was 49% in the quarter, as these factors, combined with the better-than-normal customer mix, all drove stronger financial performance. Our product mix continues to migrate towards performance product, with basic carbonates and chloride accounting for only 10% of revenue in the quarter. We continue to see very strong demand. Customers are increasingly seeking long-term supply commitments, demonstrating that they are expecting a varied size market for lithium hydroxide for several years to come. The performance of hydroxide puts FMC on a very short list of companies that can provide the necessary grade of product for high-end EV battery applications.
We took an important step in March when we announced Paul Graves will become the CEO of the new lithium company, and Gilberto Antoniazzi will become its new CFO. As you know, Paul has been FMC CFO since he joined the company in 2012, while Gilberto has been CFO for Ag Solutions segment the past 4 years, and has been with FMC since 1993. We would like to thank Paul and Gilberto for the exceptional work they have done for FMC.
Turning to Slide 8, which summarizes our outlook for the full year and for the second quarter. We expect adjusted earnings per share for full year 2018 to be between $5.90 and $6.20 per share. At the midpoint of the range, this represents an increase of 12% from our February guidance. Second quarter 2018 adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.65 and $1.75. We expect 2018 Ag Solutions revenue will be in the range of $4.05 billion and $4.25 billion, an increase of 2.5% at the midpoint compared to our February guidance. On a pro forma basis, this equates to a 7% to 8% year-over-year increase. We also expect Ag Solutions EBITDA will be in the range of $1.16 billion to $1.24 billion, up 9% or $100 million compared to the midpoint of our prior guidance.
This increase is being driven by both higher revenue and lower costs, with about half of the impact coming from each. Second quarter segment revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.1 billion to $1.16 billion, which represents a year-over-year increase of 6% at the midpoint on a pro forma basis. Segment EBITDA is forecasted to be in the range of $315 million to $345 million in Q2.
Our guidance implies nearly 60% of 2018 Ag Solutions EBITDA will occur in the first half of the year. This is a reversal of the ratio in previous years when 40% of the segment earnings were generated in the first half. The shift is driven by the acquired business, which is more heavily weighted to the first half. We are also raising estimates for our Lithium business, reflecting a strong Q1 performance.
We now expect full year revenue for Lithium to be in the range of $430 million to $460 million, a year-over-year increase of 28% at the midpoint. Full year EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $193 million to $203 million, which represents an increase at the midpoint of 40% year-over-year and $8 million versus our February guidance.
We expect price mix and incremental volume to each contribute approximately half of the year-over-year increase in earnings. The volume increase is largely due to the 4,000 tons of incremental capacity coming online from debottlenecking project. We expect second quarter segment revenue to be in the range of $110 million to $120 million, a year-over-year increase of 55% at the midpoint. EBITDA is forecasted to be between $47 million and $51 million, which represents a year-over-year increase of 77% at the midpoint.
Moving now to Slide 9 and the key drivers for the Ag Solutions business in 2018 and beyond. Our expectations for the overall market remain unchanged from what we said in February. We continue to expect the global crop protection chemical market on a U.S. dollar basis to be flat to up low single digits in 2018. However, we expect Ag Solutions revenue will grow 7% to 8% on a pro forma basis, which is up from the 5% growth forecast we presented in February. This includes the impacts of revenue synergies, which were not in prior forecast. The growth factors we stated in our February call still hold true, and they are driving most of the growth in 2018. It is the sale synergies from the larger addressable market that we saw in Q1 that are accelerating our growth forecast.
The most important driver we mentioned a few months ago was the strength of the acquired insecticide. As we said earlier, we believe Cyazypyr insect control is far from its peak in annual sales. Volume are expected to grow because of expanded sales into cotton and soybean in Brazil and because of new product registration in EMEA, as well as fruit and vegetables in many Asian countries. Rynaxypyr insect control will continue to gain market share in the co-ops and geographies such as rice and sugarcane in India, and further grow in Southeast Asia, China and Japan.
New products in the form of new active ingredients coming from FMC's legacy pipeline and new formulations of the acquired products will be another leg of growth starting in 2019. Our first new active ingredient, the fungicide, bixafen, will be introduced near the end of the year in North America. These growth factors will have multiyear impact, and we are only starting to see the benefits of the synergy opportunity. FMC will continue to outperform the global crop protection market for many years to come.
As I said earlier, the integration process is progressing very well. After 6 months of ownership, we are finding that the business requires lower spending than what's forecasted by the acquired management team. We are seeing significant savings on the SG&A line, which I outlined earlier, and lower cost in our manufacturing facilities. We expect these cost savings will continue through the rest of 2018 and beyond, helping to drive EBITDA margin of approximately 29% at the midpoint of the full year 2018 guidance. As the DuPont transition service agreement roll off, and as we implement a new SAP system at the end of 2019, we expect to realize further cost savings and another meaningful step-up in EBITDA margin in 2020.
In Lithium, the key drivers for 2018 and beyond are unchanged from what we showed you in February. FMC is very well positioned to take advantage of our unique strategy focused on high-performance lithium hydroxide applications. We have demonstrated that our approach to expand our hydroxide capacity in line with market growth, is capable of meeting accelerating demand with relatively low capital needs. Our low-cost production resource in Argentina provides us with the raw materials we need to make our downstream products highly cost competitive. Prices in 2018 will be higher than in 2017 across all product categories. The majority of our 2018 forecast revenue fall under multiyear contracts that have defined pricing, and we believe this trend will continue in 2019 and beyond. We expect that by the end of this year, we will have 80% of our 2020 lithium hydroxide capacity of 30,000 metric tons committed under long-term contract. To that end, our current expansion in both carbonate and lithium hydroxide are on track and progressing as expected.
I will now turn the call over to Paul.

Thank you, Paul. We feel very good about where FMC is today. Our Ag Solutions business delivered an exceptionally strong Q1, and we are set to deliver an outstanding 2018, with revenue growth significantly above the market growth rate. This trend of growth above market will carry on for the foreseeable future. The integration of the acquired business is progressing very well. Growth synergies are being realized, and the cost will be lower than we were expecting a few months ago. Lithium had another strong quarter to start the year, and is on track to deliver another exceptional year in 2018.
With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you for your attention.

Chris, I think the way we are looking at the situation, as you said, first of all, I think we have a pretty clean base of operation. We do have a situation from an inventory of FMC products, including the acquired business, which is healthy, and which is close to -- close, if not normal, so allowing us to operate under a normal condition. I think to this -- as we said in the previous half here, there is multiple drivers, which are going to play out over the years to come. I think it is very clear that -- and it's even better than what we were expecting. On the customer front, there was way less overlap than we were expecting. There is many customers which were only solely served by FMC, and some solely served by DuPont, creating an incredible cross-selling opportunity. We are seeing, as we were expecting, a capability to reach more co-ops and more markets of distribution over the years. And then we have, above all of this, the quality of the portfolio we have brought to market where we keep on expanding registration. So you put all of that together, it is giving us a picture of growth potential, not on the quarter, not only this year. But when you create multibillion dollar growth opportunity, those are multiyear growth opportunities we are facing. Mark, do you want to add any comments to the question?

Yes. What is happening, and if you think about the way the business is now distributed, the first reason for which you have a Q1, and then Q2 for that matter and overall first half higher EBITDA margin, it is because there is a higher percentage in our business mix of the acquired portfolio, which itself has carried a higher margin than the FMC legacy portfolio. So that's one of the driver to have the first half and mostly a first quarter higher EBITDA margin. The second reason is that the beginning of the year is a much stronger business in North America and Europe, which also are regions which are carrying higher margin. So those are the reasons. There is nothing else to it than the percentage of new business versus legacy FMC business and the regional distribution of the first half versus the second half.

Yes. Yes, there is. Today, there is issues of restriction of manufacturing for some of our raw material -- let's say, some of our -- some of the industry raw material suppliers and active ingredient suppliers, who have limitation in manufacturing because of environmental issues. It is a problem the industry is facing. It is a problem we are facing and we are dealing with. In some places, it's creating tight supply. And in some other places, it's creating pressure on cost of raw material. It's all factored in the guidance we have going forward. So it's there. It is not today a dramatic impact and all accounted for and -- but something which is real and we are dealing with on a daily basis.

I think, Mike, it's always a difficult topic to address like that because it looks like there is the bulls and there is the bears, and there is the believers and there is nonbelievers. So we build a model from 2 things: demand from our customers and what are their plans, as well as the contract we have and the prices we have in those contracts, which are multiyear contract. Then we apply our knowledge around manufacturing and how much the capacity, the actual real capacity with usable product, will hit the market. When we bring these together, and our customers view it the same way, if not, you know the automotive industry, they are not known to overpay for any products. Everybody looking at the real capacity potential which will be in place. And the demand, you have a situation where every numbers point to a very tight supply-demand situation on the lithium hydroxide front, also on the lithium carbonate. And that is creating a set of contracts with our customers which have price escalation every year. So between our understanding of the market, supply/demand and the actual contract we have and some certainty around price increase every year, we are pretty sure that we're going to see price going up next year and the year after.

Yes, Dmitry. So go back to November 1. We closed on the business, and at that time, we do have 2 distinct business: the FMC legacy and the DuPont legacy, each of them having a budget. The DuPont legacy business which is coming to us from DuPont is an extract of their ag chemical business. And this business is coming to us with a need for resources to run the back office and to run the sales and technical organizations, and we knew it. There was no surprise there. The management team of DuPont has analyzed where they would believe we would need to add cost by adding resources to be able to run the front end and the back office of the company. That's what we put into the budget. After operating the business now for 5 months, we realize that, I would say, until the beginning of -- beginning to mid of first quarter, there is different way to operate. First of all, we are finding ways to leverage the FMC and DuPont sales marketing and the field engineer organization across different regions without having systematically to add resources. We were also able to leverage much more the structure we had at FMC, our back office, to run the DuPont part of the business. So all of this led to a much lower SG&A cost that was expected by the management team of the previous business, and for that matter for, to some extent, from us. On the plant operations, we are looking at opportunities, and it's not big change on the way we carry the plant, but lots of small contracts you have in plant services where we are able to do things a little bit differently, which are bringing savings at the level of gross margin. So all in all, it's just a matter of finding ways to operate the business by leveraging much more the existing efficiency infrastructure rather than adding resources to operate the DuPont business.

It's definitely in the contract with customers. I mean, there is yearly annual price escalation in the contract with customers. There is a formula base which guides if the price should go up or down with a bias to a price increase in the contract. So that is the main driver of the certainty. But as important for us is maybe the way we look at the real capacity, which will be hitting -- not capacity, supply, which will be hitting the market versus the demand ag customers are contemplating.

Yes, I'm going to ask Mark to go into more detail around registration label, label expansion and maybe give some example [indiscernible]. But before he does that, I would like to say, Rynaxypyr is one of the critical element for growth, but it is also Cyazypyr, which is an important molecule. It is also, and we should not forget, that the complementarity of the 2 portfolio, remember, there is very little overlap. So we leverage the relationship of the DuPont business with some customers to sell more of the FMC products and vice versa. So it's a very broad base. I would dare to say it's a multibillion dollars broad-based growth opportunity we see, which will be accelerating even beyond what we see today in '19 and '20. So, and Mark, maybe you can talk a bit more about label and registration for Rynaxypyr, on even others?

I think if we have given the impression at any point that we are looking for savings in R&D, I think it's -- we gave the wrong impression. There is no intent to realize cost savings in R&D. If anything, we're investing more. And it was part of our contract with the European Commission to make sure that we would protect DuPont and FMC R&D investments once we did the acquisition. The European Commission was very strong about creating the fifth large technology-based company, and their requirement was for us not to create cost synergies in R&D. So I know pretty much what we had in FMC and what we had in DuPont is what will be adding up this year, plus the normal R&D increase you'll see on a yearly basis.

I think H2 performance for the ag business is very much in line, but even above. I mean, you look at the growth rate overall for the year, 7% to 8% is above what we've been indicating in any previous conversation or call. So we are feeling very strong about our second half business, driven of course as always by Latin America, specifically in the fourth quarter. Now as we said before, the H2 will be more based on legacy FMC business, which means lower gross margin. And also, it is based on regions like Latin America where margins are lower than North America or Europe. So de facto, you're going to see a business with a lower EBITDA margin. That's why we like to talk about across the year. Our target this year is a 29% EBITDA margin, but above 30% in the first half and below 30% in the second half. Paul, you want -- I think I talked about the hydroxide, but maybe, Paul, you want to reiterate differently what I said?