Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. Q2 was another strong quarter for both businesses at the revenue and earnings level. 
For Ag Solutions, the demand for our products, revenue synergies and costs were very much in line with expectation we laid out a quarter ago. The business integration is on schedule, and the commercial teams continue to perform very well. The strong global performance through the first half of 2018, combined with a high percentage of orders in hand for the rest of the year in Latin America, gives us great confidence for our second half. Beyond the immediate future, we continue to see very strong growth potential for our acquired portfolio, especially Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect control. 
On the technology front, the integration of our R&D organizations is progressing very well and is confirming the strength of our expanded pipeline. We remain on track to launch our first new active ingredient from the legacy FMC R&D pipeline, the fungicide bixafen, in North America later this year. 
The Lithium business, which we recently announced will be named Livent Corporation, continues to perform strongly, with demand for our differentiated performance products continuing to grow. Realized prices and delivered volume are in line with our previous expectations. We remain on track to list Livent in an October 2018 IPO, which will be followed by a direct spin to FMC shareholders within 6 months.
Turning to Slide 3. FMC reported second quarter revenue of just over $1.25 billion, which was nearly double the revenue from Q2 2017. Adjusted EPS was $1.78 in the quarter, which was $0.08 above the midpoint of our guidance and up 270% versus the same period a year ago. The guidance beat was mainly due to stronger operational performance, driven by revenue growth in Ag Solutions and a combination of higher pricing and favorable customer mix in Lithium.
Moving to Slide 4 and Ag Solutions. Revenue of about $1.15 billion in the quarter nearly doubled year-over-year on a reported basis and increased 8% on a pro forma basis, with 0 net impact from foreign currencies. We continue to capitalize on cross-selling opportunities, and our global sales force delivered another impressive performance in its second full quarter with the combined portfolio. You can see in the bridge on the right side of this page that we showed top line growth on a pro forma basis in every region for the second consecutive quarter. 
Stepping back and taking a look at the first half revenue, we delivered a very strong performance with 11% pro forma growth. This was led by the acquired insecticides, Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect control, which grew 24% and continue to gain market share on demand across every region. Second quarter segment EBITDA of $344 million was triple the earnings from the year-ago quarter and was $14 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Segment EBITDA margin was 30% on strong mix and a continued focus on cost control.
This performance was achieved despite the broader challenges faced by the chemical industry. The Chinese government has been shutting down facilities and industrial parks as part of their environmental strategy. These shutdowns have limited the supply of certain active ingredients and intermediates, causing shortages of material and, in certain cases, rising raw material costs. FMC has been able to mitigate and manage the impact on our ability to supply our customers, thanks to our global diversified supply network. We are very pleased with our margin performance in today's environment and believe these will grow in future years as the portfolio continues to shift to higher-margin products.
Turning now to Slide 5. Q2 revenue growth was strong on a pro forma basis in every region. North America revenue increased 8%, Europe revenue grew 3%, Latin America revenue grew 21%, and Asia revenue increased 6%. 
In North America, we performed well compared to the broader crop protection market, which we estimate was down low to mid-single digits. We saw very strong volume growth for insecticide, mostly driven by Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect control. We are also seeing strong demand for our latest Authority-branded herbicide, Authority Supreme, as the market for preemergent herbicide continues to grow due to increasing weed resistance.
In Europe, despite difficult growing conditions, our business grew 3%, which was ahead of the crop protection market that we believe was down low single digits on a U.S. dollar basis. The market conditions were aligned with the strength of our portfolio. The insecticide and herbicide market performed better than the fungicide market, which was weak. Consequently, we have seen strong growth of Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect control. 
In Latin America, our business grew 21% on a pro forma basis, which is a very positive indicator of underlying demand for our products even in a seasonally lighter quarter. This strong performance is primarily due to our low channel inventory in Brazil and our crop exposure across the region. The Brazilian crop protection market is healthy. FMC sales in Brazil grew an impressive 35% in Q2, driven by strong demand for our legacy FMC herbicides and insecticides. Mexico also delivered a strong performance, driven by expansion of niche crop applications. 
In Asia, we saw strong pro forma growth in nearly all countries. In India, we have made significant change in our market access model, as we highlighted on the last call. This change to the super distributor model is going extremely well and delivered mid-teen revenue growth on a pro forma basis, led by strong demand for Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr insect control. In China, our legacy rice herbicides drove a double-digit sales increase on a pro forma basis as we continue to gain traction in a market that is trending toward higher-value crop protection products. Growth in these 2 major markets, along with a host of smaller ones in the region, was more than enough to offset the impact we felt from significantly weaker demand in Australia due to the severe drought.
Moving now to Lithium on Slide 6. Lithium delivered another strong quarter, with revenue up 46% compared to Q2 last year and segment EBITDA of $51 million, 85% higher than a year ago. We continue to see very strong customer demand for FMC's performance products. Higher realized prices remain the primary driver on a year-on-year growth, with hydroxide, carbonate and lithium methyl prices each up at least 20%. 
Volumes were also higher in all major products as increased production in Argentina increased hydroxide production, and higher demand in BuLi all contributed to the year-over-year growth. 
Our Q2 EBITDA margin of 48% was higher than our full year margin forecast of 45% at the midpoint due mainly to favorable customer mix in the first half of the year.
Turning to Slide 7, which summarizes our outlook for the full year and for the third and fourth quarters. We still expect adjusted earnings per share for full year 2018 to be between $5.90 and $6.20 per share. At the midpoint of the range, this represents an increase of 123% versus 2017 EPS. Third quarter 2018 adjusted EPS is expected to be between $0.87 and $0.97, and fourth quarter 2018 adjusted EPS is expected to be between $1.41 and $1.61. 
We expect 2018 Ag Solutions revenue will be in the range of $4.1 billion to $4.3 billion. On a pro forma basis, this equates to a 9% year-over-year increase at the midpoint. We also expect Ag Solutions EBITDA will be in the range of $1.17 billion to $1.23 billion.
Our expectations for the overall crop protection market remain unchanged from what we said in May. We continue to expect the global crop protection chemical market on a U.S. dollar basis to be flat to up low single digits in 2018. We expect North America to be down mid-single digits, Europe to be up low to mid-single digits, Latin America to be up mid- to high-single digits and Asia to be flat to up low single digits. 
For FMC, third quarter Ag Solutions revenue is expected to be in the range of $870 million to $930 million, and fourth quarter segment revenue is expected to be in the range of $980 million to $1.1 billion. These revenue forecasts represent pro forma growth rate of low single digits in Q3 and low double digits in Q4. 
The third quarter is a low season for the majority of our markets, and it will be the lowest sales quarter for FMC from now on. In 2018, this is magnified by internal events which are moving sales into Q4. In any major integration process, there often are delayed closings of countries and sites due to legal entity, registration and permit transfers under local laws. Since the close of the transaction with DuPont, we have known and planned for delayed closings. DuPont is operating certain countries and sites on our behalf under our direction, and we are receiving the economic benefit. The majority of these delayed countries and sites, along with the related permits, licenses and registration, are being transferred to FMC in Q3, thus creating a temporary sales blackout period in Q3. These sales will occur in Q4.
FMC's outperformance versus the crop protection market in the first half of 2018 will continue as we expect second half Ag Solution revenues to grow 7% on a pro forma basis. We have very high confidence in our forecast as our visibility into Latin America, which represents roughly 40% of expected revenue for the period, has increased versus previous seasons. In particular, in Brazil, we have over 70% of our orders in hand to reach our full year target, which is meaningfully above what we have seen in past years.
Segment EBITDA is forecasted to be in the range of $195 million to $215 million in Q3 and in the range of $275 million and $315 million in Q4.
Our guidance implies nearly 60% of 2018 Ag Solutions EBITDA occurred in the first half of the year. This is a reversal of the ratio in previous years when 40% of segment earnings were generated in the first half. The shift is driven by the acquired business, which is much more heavily weighted on the first half.
Moving over to Lithium. We expect full year segment revenue to be in a range of $430 million to $460 million, a year-over-year increase of 28% at the midpoint. We are increasing our full year EBITDA forecast by $2 million to a range of $195 million to $205 million, which represents a year-over-year increase of 41% at the midpoint. 
Our Q3 guidance for the segment is for revenue to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million and EBITDA to be between $45 million and $49 million, each representing a year-over-year increase of 17% at the midpoint. 
I will now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. First, a comment on the Lithium separation. We remain on track to IPO Livent this October. We made a confidential filing with the SEC in June, and we will file a public version of the S-1 in late August. Securities laws require us to reduce the commentary we provide on the Lithium business now that we are within 30 days of its public filing. Therefore, we will not be able to undertake substantial Q&A on the Lithium business today.
We feel very good about the direction FMC is headed as we move to becoming a stand-alone agricultural sciences company. The business delivered another strong quarter, and we have high confidence on our second half estimates. Our full year pro forma revenue growth will be significantly above the market growth rate in 2018, and our disciplined approach to cost will help drive an EBITDA margin approaching 30% for the full year. The integration of the acquired business is progressing very well, and our SAP implementation is on track for the end of 2019, which will drive significant margin improvement from 2020 and beyond. 
Growth synergies are being realized faster than we would have expected 9 months ago as our new portfolio is gaining wider adoption with our strategic customers. We expect to outperform the crop protection market for the foreseeable future.
Before moving to Q&A, I would like to remind you we are hosting an Investor Day in New York on December 3, and we hope to see many of you there.
I will now turn the call back to Michael Wherley.

That's a lot of questions at the same time. Yes, Q3 as we explained -- first of all, Q3 and -- has to be and will be in the future the lowest season. So if you think about it, the margin, the EBITDA margin for the business is very much the result that your SG&A and your R&D costs go against gross margin, which is lower because the revenue is lower. So the math just makes you end up with an EBITDA margin which is lower. So it's purely the fact that your below-the-line cost doesn't move, as the spending is about the same every quarter, while your revenues are lower. Historically, Q3 has always been a low quarter because Europe is nonexisting and Asia and North America are fairly low, while Brazil mostly starts in September. It is magnified with the new portfolio, which is much more of an Asia and North America, Europe portfolio, making the first half even stronger and Q3 even weaker. So for the future, I think we have to expect Q3 to be the month with the lowest revenue, consequently with the lowest EBITDA and consequently with the lowest EBITDA margin. From a currency standpoint, if you look at each half and the full year, we are pretty much -- not pretty much, we are going to offset any headwind we will be seeing from currency, and mostly the real, by a combination of our hedging strategy and our price increase. Now if you look at the 2 quarters, I would say we might be slightly lagging in Q3, so you might have a slight negative impact of FX in Q3 and you will have more of a positive impact when we are really in the full season in Brazil in Q4. Last question, I think last point of your question was around the truck and trucking strike. And maybe I'll let Mark add a couple of sentence. There is no direct impact of the trucking strike on the crop chemical industry. There could be some side effect to the agricultural industry. Maybe, Mark, you want to comment on that?

Now let me finish to answer your broad question around Q3, something I want to be -- to make very clear. Q3 is always a difficult quarter to predict. We do have today -- you could see -- and I'm not forecasting, it's hypothetical, but you could easily see $40 million or $50 million in Latin America, or specifically in Brazil, shifting from Q4 to Q3. We have a very strong cotton season ahead of us, and customers might decide to secure supply earlier, and that could create a shift in the buying pattern. If that happen, we would rebalance the growth rate of Q3 and Q4 to a level which are much more in the same range. Finally, I hope I was clear in my explanation around what we are facing. Pure integration process, we knew about it, but there is a few countries like Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam or a site in Brazil where there is a delayed transfer to the company. We knew about it. That creates a blackout in sales. Those sales are not lost. The orders are taken, but the sales will be delivered and accounted for in Q4. So that comes and creates more noise and creates a lower Q3 than we should have.

So most of the contract negotiation for us, for any business we have under contract, is done in the back end of the year. So we have very little contract negotiation in the first half of the year. So today, as we say, for hydroxide, carbonate and even methyl, our price are up over 20% year-on-year. We participate very little in the lithium carbonate spot market, but I can tell you, for our sales between Q1 and Q2 sequentially, pricing are also up for hydroxide and carbonate. So we are seeing sequential up pricing as well as very strong year-on-year pricing.

I think it's purely market driven. It is the fact that we have been very, very careful in supplying the market, so there is a very low inventory in the channel of the FMC products. Consequently, our customers who have a pretty good visibility on their demand are placing orders and firm orders at an early stage. So I would say we are in a much more normalized situation in Brazil. And because we keep on being very careful, even today in a high-demand period, in not supplying product when they are not absolutely required, to keep a low level of inventory in the channel, we are getting very strong demand. Now I said 70%, and I'm not saying that jokingly. I said 70% because we wrote a remark a few days ago, but the number is already above 70%. So I think it's been a long time since we had such a high month of orders in hand before the season. And Mark, maybe you want to give more color?

I'll take the first part, and Mark will take the second part on the new technology. I think, yes, we had a very strong first half, and that was driven by the demand on our insecticide. We believe Rynaxypyr, Cyazypyr are still the benchmark molecule in the insecticide market, and they grew 24%. So we believe that the quality of the portfolio, plus the customer synergies, are creating a very significant market share gain. We actually -- the overall portfolio of FMC in the first half grew also a healthy 17%. So we believe we are in a very strong position. Now when you move in H2 -- and I think the right way to look at this business between H1 and H2, there is -- we foresee a deceleration versus H1. It is mostly because, as we said before, the DuPont acquired business is much more of an H1 business, and that business is growing faster than the legacy FMC business. So if you look at the Latin America and Brazil, the growth will be driven a lot by the herbicides, insecticides from the FMC portfolio and, to some extent, the acquired business, but less. That is why we do have an 11% growth rate in the first half, and we would expect to be more in the 7% range in the second half of the year.

The -- yes, the Argentine peso was a tailwind in the second quarter. I think, Paul, maybe you want to...

Yes. The -- if you look at the -- right now at the numbers for revenue in Q3, we have about a $200 million differential in the 2 quarters from the sales, [ but I might have gotten that wrong ]. Yes, $140 million differential between the 2 quarters in Q3 and Q4. So that is a bigger differential than we've seen in the past. And it's a -- if you remove the impact of the black-out sales, we are not talking about $100 million in black-out sales. We are talking about tens of millions of dollars. So I think every $10 million is about 1%. So if you have a few tens millions, you can bring another 2% or 3% more in a quarter. So that's the kind of shift we are talking about.

No, it's more of a sale recognition. It's just when -- we have the orders, and we do have the product. The only question is if we can -- so we have the firm order. We have the product. It's only a matter of being entitled to register the sale, ship the product and to have revenue recognition. So it's already -- as soon as we get the registration, all the legal entity transferred, or all the permit, then we do ship and do the revenue recognition. It's purely a revenue recognition legal issue for us to be able to account for those sales.

No, absolutely not because when you do delayed sites, you do transfer the site only when everything is secured and ready to go. So it is not a full quarter for us. I think it's going to depend on the place, but sometimes it's a couple of weeks, sometimes it's a month. It's mostly impacting a part of July or a part of August, but it is not something we -- there is no questions around those delayed transfers.

No, we feel actually the same, if not stronger. Just to look at the number, we have a -- if you look at the total forecast in sales, at the end of Q1, we were expecting for the full year to see a growth rate for the company for the full year in the 7% to 8% range. We are forecasting today for the full year 9% range. So our level of confidence around growth synergies has enormously increased versus where we were at the end of last year and increased, to some extent, versus where we were at the end of the first quarter. So there is no change. It's only a situation where Q3 is a quarter where the acquired business is a very low percentage of the overall portfolio, and there is less demand for this business. So it's a historical low quarter for DuPont, and it was for us. That's all there is. But there is no -- if anything, we are increasing the forecast in terms of growth and speed at which we are creating synergies versus what we said in -- at the end of the first quarter.

Yes. Thank you. Yes, I mean, when we look at our manufacturing strategy, we've been looking and starting to diversify our manufacturing from different location. India is a location, but I can tell you also that we have moved some of the manufacturing for some intermediates, for example, toward Europe with some partners and towards some of our plants in Europe and other locations. So yes, it is -- over time, there is a strategy to keep on investing in China where we do have strong partnership and players. But certainly, diversification will take place. We'll produce more in India, but you have also to look at Europe and North America as potential places where we will be generating most -- generating some of our product which are critical. I think also one critical aspect of what we do, and that's why we got out of the tough situation in the first half of the year, what the organization in ag has done for years is always, always make sure that your key molecule or intermediates, you have multiplied suppliers who are qualified and registered. I think it's very important. You cannot be depending even in China solely on one, so you always have to have 2, 3 or 4 capable suppliers to be able to manage a potential shutdown.

Absolutely. I think we learned a lot from 2015, and we'll do what we can not to get back to a situation equivalent. I think we are very close to what is going on in Brazil, and we are looking at it from 2 different angle. And I'll ask Andrew to talk about the hedging. I think, first, on the pricing, we do have a very tight connection between the currency and the price list. And as long as there is not very, very abrupt change over a few weeks of significant amount, I think now we are structured, from the way we negotiate price and establish the price list, to be very much in line with the currencies. And also, remember that only half of our business in Brazil is dollar denominated. So we've moved from a less vulnerable business with a tighter control of the pricing. And I have to say, since the beginning of the year, we've been doing very well in connecting pricing. But let's -- Andrew, could you talk a little about the change of approach we have to hedging and how do we do that to limit potential issues or downside?