Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. FMC continued to deliver strong financial performance in the third quarter and navigated difficult market conditions, particularly in North America and Europe. This performance is consistent with prior quarters due to our unique blend of balanced geographic exposure, strong sales in specialty crops and a technology-advantaged portfolio. 
A good example of how all these elements drive strong growth is our diamide franchise that has grown 35% since we acquired the business 2 years ago. This growth was enabled by the previously mentioned elements, in addition to robust commercial approach that has led to volume demand in previously untapped markets. We believe that our business is well positioned to consistently deliver strong growth. 
Turning to Slide 3. FMC reported more than $1 billion in third quarter revenue, which reflects a year-over-year increase of 10% on a reported basis and 12% organic growth, excluding FX headwinds. This increase was mostly driven by double-digit organic growth in Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, France, India, China and Pakistan as well as price increases across all regions. 
Adjusted company EBITDA was $219 million, an increase of 18% compared to recast financials from last year and $19 million above the midpoint of our guidance. Company EBITDA margins were 21.6%, up 140 basis points year-over-year despite $42 million in combined headwinds from raw material costs and tariffs. 
Adjusted EPS was $0.94 in the quarter, an increase of 32% versus recast Q3 2018 and $0.14 above the midpoint of our guidance. The strong outperformance versus our guidance was driven primarily by higher volume and pricing, which led to a $0.125 beat on the EBITDA line. 
Moving now to third quarter revenue on Slide 4. Q3 revenue growth by 10% versus prior year with volume contributing 8% growth and pricing, another 4% growth. This was offset partially by a 2% headwind from FX. This was the third consecutive quarter we posted year-over-year price increase in every region of the world. 
Our growth in Q3 was stronger than expected due to unforecasted demand opportunities. We saw no shift of demand from Q4 as the growth in the third quarter was due entirely to Q3 demand. 
As expected, Latin America made up 45% of the third quarter revenue. Sales in Latin America grew 21% year-over-year or 22% organically, continuing the trend from the first half of 2019. We posted very strong growth across the region driven by higher volumes and price increases. Our pricing actions more than offset the impact of FX. Demand was high for applications on cotton and sugarcane in Brazil. It is important to note that we continue to monitor channel inventory levels in Brazil, which are well controlled and in line with expectations for this point in the season. 
Our market access continues to improve in Argentina, which allows us to take advantage of increasing demand for a product, especially for Rynaxypyr insect control and Authority herbicide. 
Growth in Mexico came from more normal weather conditions compared to earlier in the year. Year-to-date, our sales in Latin America grew 29% organically. 
In EMEA, herbicide insecticide demand drove year-over-year revenue growth of 4% despite another very hard summer and fall. Demand for a new Battle Delta herbicide benefited from a stronger-than-predicted cereal market across Europe, led by France and Germany. Cyazypyr insect control continued to benefit from new country registrations. Price increases more than offset the 4% FX headwind. Organic growth was 8% in the quarter and stands at 10% year-to-date. 
In Asia, revenue increased 5% overall and 9% organically year-over-year. Following a strong Q2, India again delivered commercial outperformance driven by demand for insecticide to combat fall armyworm as well as share gains in the rice granule market with the Rynaxypyr-based Ferterra insecticide. Cyazypyr insect control was also strong on fruits and vegetables. 
We continue to benefit in India from a new commercial organization structure, which we put in place about a year ago. We also had significant revenue growth in Pakistan driven by strength in diamide demand and new product introductions. Year-to-date, our sales in Asia grew 7% organically, excluding significant FX headwind across many currencies. 
In North America, revenue was down 3% year-over-year in the seasonally smallest quarter. As expected, we saw reduced demand for herbicides in the Midwest and Canada as the weather issues this spring resulted in higher channel inventories of those products. This was partially offset by continued price increases and by share gains for diamide for specialty crop applications. Despite the extreme weather-related challenges in this region, our year-to-date sales in North America are up 1%. 
Turning to Slide 5. Third quarter EBITDA was $219 million, a year-over-year increase of 18% compared to recast results from Q3 2018. Price increases in all regions and volume demand in Latin America, Asia and EMEA were drivers of this very strong performance. 
Looking ahead at the full year earnings outlook, we are raising our full year guidance for 2019. Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $4.58 billion to $4.62 billion. Total company adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.22 billion. 
We are also raising our guidance for 2019 adjusted earnings to a range of $5.80 to $5.90 per diluted share. EPS estimates include the impact of $300 million in share repurchases completed year-to-date through September 30 as well as an additional $100 million in share repurchases expected in Q4 2019. 
Fourth quarter revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1.17 billion to $1.21 billion, representing 8% growth at the midpoint compared to recast fourth quarter 2018. Total fourth quarter company adjusted EBITDA is now forecasted to be in the range of $300 million to $320 million, representing a 13% increase at the midpoint versus recast Q4. 
We expect adjusted earnings per diluted share to be in the range of $1.46 to $1.56 in the fourth quarter, representing an increase of 3% at the midpoint versus recast 2018 and assuming diluted shares outstanding of approximately 130.5 million. Year-over-year EPS growth will be constrained by the very low tax rate in Q4 2018. 
Looking at the global market. For the crop protection products, we continue to expect 2019 will be flat on a U.S. dollar basis compared to 2018. We expect the Latin American market to grow in the high single digit and the North American market to be down in the mid-single digits. We expect both EMEA and Asian markets to be flat to down low single digits. Our forecast for the Asian market is slightly reduced due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar over the past few months. This market forecast does not change our expectation that FMC will continue to deliver financial outperformance relative to the market. 
Turning now to our full year EBITDA bridge and revenue drivers on Slide 7. The main driver of the improved forecast is volume gains, which now contribute 17% year-over-year EBITDA growth. Pricing actions around the globe are expected to offset about 2/3 of the combined cost and FX headwinds. Supply from China has improved throughout the year, but some challenges remain. The last of the strategic tollers that was impacted by the recent shutdowns in China is set to restart its production in 2 weeks. 
I would also like to highlight the full year revenue drivers. We now expect revenue growth of 7% overall and 11% organically. Both the volume and pricing gains have been consistent throughout the year. As a reminder, this full year growth of -- in 2019 follows organic growth of approximately 13% in 2018 on a pro forma basis. 
Moving to Slide 8. We provide the key drivers for EBITDA and revenue growth in Q4. As stated earlier, we saw no shift in demand from Q4 into Q3. In fact, we raised our Q4 revenue guidance by $15 million at the midpoint. However, we reduced our EBITDA guidance for the quarter by $10 million at the midpoint due to higher cost and less favorable FX benefit as compared to our July guidance. The positive combined impact of our Q4 EBITDA from volume and price/mix is exactly the same as we showed in our prior guidance. 
Fourth quarter performance will be driven by strong volume growth in all regions. Included in this volume are new product launches, which are expected to deliver about $20 million of our total revenue growth of $90 million in the quarter. These launches include Lucento fungicide, Ethos insecticide biofungicide in North America and Cyazypyr insect control in South Africa, Malaysia and Vietnam. 
Pricing actions are expected to fully offset the FX headwinds at the revenue level. We would also like to highlight the rapid growth of Cyazypyr insect control, which has become our fastest-growing molecule and is now our fourth largest by revenue. Forecasted 2019 sales of Cyazypyr insect control are expected to be around $300 million driven by registration in new countries and crops. 
I will now turn the call over to Mark to take an in-depth look at our Latin America business.

Thank you, Andrew. In December 2018, we shared our 5-year plan with annual sales growth of 5% to 7%, EBITDA growth of 7% to 9% and EPS growth above 10% per year. Based on our guidance for Q4, we expect to deliver at the high end of the range in the first year and expect to meet our objectives in the remaining 4 years of the plan. We continue our focus on driving strong growth through technology. 
In 2019, we expect about $60 million of our total revenue growth of $315 million will come from new products. Our discovery and new product pipeline are advancing as expected. Two new molecules have moved from discovery to development in 2019, including an insecticide in January and an herbicide in October. 
These are significant steps in advancing products toward commercial launch. We are pleased with the performance of the company. We delivered another strong quarter and are expecting a strong year. Our technology-advantaged portfolio, geographical balance, crop exposure and diversified product sourcing continue to drive our financial outperformance. 
I will now turn the call back to the operator for questions. Thank you very much for your attention.

Yes, certainly. I think the general comment I would make around cost is it has been continuing into the second half of the year, maybe beyond what we were expecting at the beginning of the year. As you see on our guidance for EBITDA, it will have adverse costs in the fourth quarter of $40 million with about the same number for the Q3 EBITDA, $39 million. So all in all, the 2 together, close to $80 million where we had about $100 million in the first half. So we had a continuation of the cost mostly due to the China disruption and some of the tollers being shut down. 
As we said in our prepared remarks, we expect the last strategic toller to be back on stream in a couple of weeks. So most of the major partners and suppliers will be back on track. 
So if I take those comments now and extrapolate to 2020, and maybe I'll use that to give you colors on 2020. 2020, we believe, will be a year of, directionally at the global level, a bit equivalent to 2019 but with some differences. 
I think in 2019, we had Latin America growing very fast in the high single digits, so difficult to expect another year at this level. So we could see Latin America slightly lower in growth than in 2019. 
On the other hand, we could see North America seeing better conditions, and we have a negative mid-single-digit for '19. So we could expect 2020 to be stronger. So all in all, maybe slightly slower in Latin America, faster in North America, balancing out and directionally sensing for Europe and Asia. 
If you look at what we talked about cost, cost in 2020 will be a tailwind. They will be favorable versus '19. That being said, they will not be favorable to the extent we were thinking at the beginning of the year because we saw a continuation of those costs into the second half of 2019, and that will impact the cost of our product into 2020. 
FX, a bit too early for us to look at where it's going to go next year. If I put all of that together, our 5-year plan, revenue growth in the 5% to 7%, EBITDA growth in the 7% to 9% and EPS growth over 10% seems to be quite achievable and for the 2020 year.

Yes. Thanks, Frank. I'll let Mark add any addition, but it's quite a simple situation from a market access for us. We used -- a couple of years ago, we used to hit through an exclusive arrangement with a distribution company in which we had an equity participation. So we were not truly running market access, and were very dependent upon a distributor. We bought that relationship and do have an organization today, which is in direct relation with the market in Argentina. So we've changed our structure to a structure, which is much more similar to what we have in other parts of Latin America like Brazil or other countries in the world, which is a direct FMC market access with a larger and maybe more traditional organization. Mark, if you want to add anything on this?

I think when you think about the question from P.J. at the beginning around market share, clearly, Argentina for us, when you look at the blend of change in market access together with portfolio, that is going to be a place where we do have great opportunities in the future.

Could you repeat the beginning of your question? We missed it.

And that comment made by Mark relate very well to the comment in the prepared remarks around Cyazypyr being now the fourth-largest molecule or really the fastest-growing molecule and close to $300 million. Great growth potential here.

I just would like to reinforce what Mark said. Mark and I, we spent a large amount of time with our customers in the U.S. and the big retailers. I can tell you with no doubt the retail world in the U.S. welcome a crop chemical company, which is focused on those products, biologicals and chemicals, with no seed and which is agnostic to the seed and doesn't bundle product. 
It's been repeated to us over and over. If anything, today, I would say it's one of the strengths, the fact that we do not have seed and more of a driver of growth.

Appreciate the question because it's an important question, but it's a bit too early for us to really state the raw material impact next year. I think clearly, the adverse impact, it's going to be -- we believe it's going to be a tailwind compared to the number we had this year in terms of the $180 million cost we were facing, but it's a bit early. We are still digging through the numbers, looking at the impact of our major toller restarting in a couple of weeks. We will have lots of detail in the forecast at the February call, but difficult to assess that number. 
We will adjust, as we always do, our pricing strategy to the currency situation and to the cost we are seeing. But we need another few weeks to be able to sift through those numbers.

At any point, any year, you could have one region growing faster and taking a stronger position. I think these balances out in -- over the years. North America, we don't expect the year -- next year to be as bad as this year. I mean everything could happen, but really, it was a very negative year in North America and very favorable situation in Latin America. That could reverse next year at any point. 
So all in all, it should balance. As Mark said, Asia, we should not underestimate the potential we have in India. India is a very large country with us. The portfolio and the new commercial structure we have in place is going to create significant growth opportunity in the future. So all of these to say that this 25% per region over the year should remain in this kind of a range.