Thank you, Michael, and good morning, everyone. 2018 was a critical and very successful year for FMC. In Ag Solutions, we delivered tremendous performance in both Q4 and the full year that significantly outpaced our peers and the broader ag market. Our sales team aggressively pursued revenue synergies made possible by the limited customer overlap and the strength of our broader product portfolio. They delivered 11% pro forma sales growth for the full year, posting gains in all geographies. Our entire organization executed well against our growth goal. We achieved this performance in 2018 while taking great stride towards: integrating the largest [ acquisition ] in FMC's history; separating our Lithium business, which included the [indiscernible] IPO; and advancing the implementation of the SAP S/4HANA platform. We also reduced debt by $500 million and completed a $200 million share repurchase program. 
Turning to Slide 3. FMC reported over $1.2 billion in fourth quarter revenue, including Lithium, which reflects a year-over-year increase of 24% on a reported basis and 17% on a pro forma basis. This increase was driven by strong commercial execution that enabled broad-based growth in every region in Ag Solutions, along with 6% sales growth in Lithium. Adjusted EPS came in at $1.69 in the quarter, an increase of 54% year-over-year. This was $0.02 above the high end of our preannouncement from January 31, 2019, and $0.31 above the midpoint of our guidance given on our last earnings call. 
Slide 4 will shed some light on this outperformance. Again, this was due to very strong operational performance in Ag Solutions, which drove $0.08 of the outperformance, and lower taxes, which drove another $0.21 on -- of the gain. The lower tax was primarily driven by more favorable earnings mix by jurisdiction and, to a lesser extent, by the clarification of certain international tax provisions of the 2017 U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We also gained $0.02 of incremental EPS from a lower share count due in large part to the repurchase of 2.4 million shares.  
Moving on to Ag Solutions' financial results on Slide 5. Revenue of nearly $1.1 billion increased 27% year-over-year and 18% on a pro forma basis. Excluding an estimated 5% headwind from currency, the pro forma organic growth was a very strong 23% and far ahead of the market. Performance in the quarter and the year was driven by strong commercial execution and robust demand for industry-leading products. Our sales organization has leveraged valuable cross-selling opportunity, due to minimal customer overlap between FMC and DuPont, to deliver significant sales synergies. Additionally, we reduced expected operating cost for the acquired business through accelerated functional integration, leveraging FMC back-office capability and reducing manufacturing cost in legacy DuPont plants. Fourth quarter segment EBITDA of $302 million increased 35% versus the year-ago period and was $13 million above our original guidance. Our EBITDA margin for Q4 increased 160 basis points year-over-year to 27.4%, and full year margin increased 560 basis points to 28.4%. 
Turning now to fourth quarter regional financial results on Slide 6. Q4 revenue growth was sharply up on a pro forma basis, led by strong commercial performance in Latin America at 27%, followed by North America at 21%, EMEA at 13% and Asia with 4%. 
In Latin America, price increases more than offset the effects of currency headwinds. The outperformance in the region was driven by strong demand from cotton growers in Brazil with acreage expected to be up 25% year-over-year and wheat farmers in Argentina where acreage is forecasted to grow by 5%. Robust demand for insecticide in soybean applications was also a key factor in the region. 
In North America, despite an expected shift in acreage away from soybean, strong demand from -- for preemergent herbicides remains a key to our growth as glyphosate resistance continues to spread. We saw strong customer uptake over preemergent herbicides, especially Authority Supreme that was announced last year, in addition to strong sales of insecticide and new fungicide. 
EMEA experienced strong growth in France, Germany and Russia with the combined sales of those 3 countries growing 45% year-over-year. This growth was driven by a range of SU herbicides and Rynaxypyr insect control. 
In Asia, we continue to benefit from a commercial integration and strong demand in Pakistan, Vietnam, Philippines and Malaysia. If we exclude the India restructuring, which included the discontinuation of certain products and the loss of sales from the required antitrust divestiture in Asia, sales in the region would have grown 14% on a pro forma basis. 
Moving now to Lithium results on Slide 7. Lithium fourth quarter revenue was $120 million, up 6% year-over-year. Segment EBITDA came in slightly above the midpoint of guidance at $46 million in the quarter. As you most likely saw in a separate press release yesterday, FMC's Board of Directors has officially declared the spin of the remaining stake in Livent to FMC shareholders, which will occur on March 1, 2019. This will complete the separation process. Please refer to the press release posted on fmc.com for details. 
Looking ahead at our 2019 outlook on Slide 8. As we disclosed in the prerelease on January 31, our 2019 earnings per diluted share are expected to be $5.55 to $5.75. This represents an 8% at the midpoint over recast 2018, excluding Lithium and the impact of any share repurchases in 2019. All comparative values from 2018 will now exclude the Lithium business entirely. Shortly after the March spin -- after the spin on March 1, we will file an 8-K with recasted 2018 results that strip out the Lithium business. 
We expect 2019 revenue for FMC will be in the range of $4.45 billion to $4.55 billion, up 5% at the midpoint year-over-year versus 2018 recast sales. Excluding an expected 3% FX headwind, our organic sales growth estimate is 8% at the midpoint. We also expect total company EBITDA of $1.165 billion to $1.205 billion, which represent 7% growth at the midpoint versus 2018 recast results. As a reminder, in 2019, our EBITDA guidance includes all corporate expenses. We will no longer delineate between ag segment results and corporate expenses as we had in the past when we had multiple segments. 
For FMC, first quarter revenue is expected to be in the range of $1.18 billion to $1.21 billion, which represent growth of 8% at the midpoint. Excluding an expected 6% FX headwind, our organic sales growth estimate for Q1 is 14% at the midpoint. We are also forecasting EBITDA of $320 million to $340 million in Q1, which would be flat year-over-year at the midpoint. This is despite significant FX and raw material cost headwinds. We expect first quarter EPS to be in a range of $1.58 to $1.68, up 3% versus recast results from Q1 2018. 
Our 2019 expectation for the overall global crop protection market growth is that it will be flat to up low-single digits. We expect North America, EMEA and Asia will also be flat to up low-single digits, driven by a variety of factors, and Latin America will grow in the low to mid-single digits. 
In North America, growth will come from an increase in corn acreage and normalized pest pressures. In Latin America, Brazil is experiencing dry weather in important soybean and corn area to [ stable ], but we expect this will be offset by favorable climate conditions in Argentina and another strong soybean season across the region next fall. In EMEA, we expect recovery of the winter and spring cereals area and strong cereals pricing as I'm expecting strong growth driven by more normal monsoon season in India as well as a recovery from the drought in Australia. 
We expect that FMC's above-market growth in 2019 will be driven by the continued strength in global demand for diamide, preemergent herbicide growth, sales expansion in Brazil, SU herbicide growth in key European countries as well as new product introductions. This new product will account for approximately $60 million to $70 million or 1.5% in incremental sales growth in 2019. 
In our third largest country, India, which had over $300 million in sales in 2018, we're expecting strong top line growth in 2019 from our insecticide portfolio as well as new applications of our herbicide portfolio in sugarcane. Our well-structured super distributor network in India drives increased market access and demand generation, further lowers our credit at risk and requires less working capital while increasing profitability. 
Earlier this year, we launched our first new active ingredient from the legacy FMC R&D pipeline, Lucento fungicide, in time for the 2019 growing season in North America. Our R&D organization also reached a second very important milestones since our Investor Day in December. We advanced one of our insecticide active ingredients out of discovery phase and into development pipeline. Launch for this product continues to be expected in 2026. This means we still have 6 AIs in our development pipeline after launching Lucento commercially. We will continue to update you with progress within our innovation pipeline on future calls.
As you can see from this full year 2019 EBITDA bridge on Slide 9, the headwinds from FX and higher raw material cost have significant factors in 2019. The full year headwind from FX is expected to be 7% at the EBITDA level, plus another 10% headwind from higher cost for raw materials, representing a total of about $190 million. We expect price increases will offset $130 million of these combined headwinds or approximately 70%. 
Turning to Slide 10. The first quarter EBITDA bridge reflects the pressure on profitability as we begin the year. Q1 headwinds from FX are expected to be 15% at the EBITDA level, plus another 18% headwind from raw material cost, representing a total of about $110 million in headwinds. We expect price increase in Q1 will offset $65 million or about 60% of these headwinds. We will absorb about half of this full year impact from raw material cost in Q1 alone. The impacts will diminish significantly in the second half of the year. Likewise, about 2/3 of the full year headwind to EBITDA from FX is expected to occur in Q1, and this is also expected to diminish greatly in the second half. Our plans to offset the large part of these adverse costs with price increase throughout the year are in place, and the execution is taking place as we speak.
I will now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. All is in place for FMC to deliver a strong 2019 as a pure-play agricultural sciences company with above-market growth. Quarterly earnings in 2019 will be atypical because of cost pressure in the first half of the year. The first quarter itself will see nearly 60% of the full year raw material cost increase and the FX impact. Q2 will continue to see strong headwinds with relief in the second half of the year. We are highly confident in our ability to recover a large part of these adverse costs through the year and deliver 5% revenue growth with 7% EBITDA growth. Our high confidence is driven by the current work on price increases, which is going well, and the fact that cost pressure from raw materials will decrease considerably in the second half of the year. We are also highly confident that we will deliver EPS growth of at least 8%. 
I will now turn the call back to Michael Wherley.

Yes. Right now, as I said in the previous remarks, we are in a good place from supply of active ingredients from China, all of our units as well as all over toll processors currently functioning. And we were able to quickly rebuild the safety stock, which are needed for us to operate, and we're able to all of that at a faster pace than expected in the fourth quarter. From a situation in China today, where we feel the same pressure around environmental issues, but it is, I must say, in a calmer and more organized approach. I think this approach, which was a bit, at times, surprising with one bad actor in an industrial park and everybody shut down, is going away to a much more targeted and rationale approach. So right now, the situation, as it stands, it is also one of the reasons for which we have so much certainty around our ability to deliver on our targeted earnings for the year is because we had a very good view of raw material active ingredient price increase, which will be in the first year. But we already have the contract in place for what will be coming to manufacturing in the first half and sales in the second half in term of pricing. So all of that is very clear now for the year. From a strategic standpoint, as Mark has said many times before, China remains very important to our active ingredient supply. But we are looking for diversification in the U.S., increasing the capacity of some of the plants. In Europe, where we do have active ingredient plants, also in capability, we're increasing our ability to supply from there and also India. So yes, we will tend to diversify our active ingredient supply in the future.

So you cut off a little bit in the second part of your question. So I want to answer the first part and ask you, if you don't mind, to repeat the second part. The -- on the first past, what we are doing is trying to measure the legacy FMC and the legacy DuPont business and look at the year-on-year growth. So we believe that the legacy DuPont business, on a like-for-like basis, on a pro forma basis, was -- for the total portfolio, but mostly driven by Rynaxypyr and Cyazypyr, but also including Indoxacarb and the SUs, the growth rate was north of 20%, most likely in the 25% range, while the FMC portfolio was more in the low to mid-single digit. Now you always have to be very careful because we have pushed a lot of sales, cannibalizing FMC sales with DuPont sales because of the quality of some of the products and the profitability of these products. So it is not exactly a like-for-like, but I would say north of 20% for the DuPont and low to mid-single digit for the FMC. Could you repeat the second part of your question?

Sure. Let me start around mixture, and then I'll move that to Mark, who'll give the detail. But absolutely, we do have a full strategy around mixtures and finding the right partners for the next step here, sales up here. First of all, for normal growth, and that's what we do at FMC, we use formulation for growth, but also for our patents' extension strategy. Now you do not see these formulation impacting '19 sales or even '20. Because every time you do create those new formulations, you do have to go through the full registration process. So depending upon the countries and the regions, it could be from 2 years to 4, 5 years. So that is the process we are going through. All of these products are currently in development with a very active portfolio. Mark, you want to add a couple of things?

Listen, really, your question in North America around pulling, and I think the question for us would apply to any region of the world. There was a very strong performance of all of our regions from a growth standpoint, even including Asia. It does not look like there were a very strong pull, but we do believe customers were anxious to procure our products. They have all heard about the tension around China. You heard me, they all understand today that is quite -- it is quite stable. So could there be some? I couldn't say no. But in all regions, we saw very healthy sales, especially in Latin America. Slight pull by customers to make sure they will be supplied, possible, but nothing which jumped at us in Latin America.

Yes, Mark is going to give you in -- so Europe, Mark?

One additional statement around your question around Latin America and potential pull, I can guarantee you that following our experience in 2016, we are keeping a very, very close eye on inventory. And we're doing a physical check of inventory at customers and distributors and in-house, and we are in a good place today with a very normal inventory level in the supply chain of FMC products.

In 20 -- you talked about 2018 versus 2017 or 2019 versus 2018?

Understand that we can't do -- we cannot do a breakout of price volume in the -- on a year-on-year because we can only do it on the FMC product, and most of the growth came from the DuPont product. We do not have the information to do EBITDA year-on-year or volume/price/mix on the DuPont products. So we believe a very large part of what we did was driven by volume and most of the price increase was focused on Latin America to overcome the currency. But we do not have a geological like we have for '19, geological breakdown.

So '19, what we have is, for the full year, we believe we're going to have a net fixed impact of about negative 3%. We're going to have a price/mix -- on revenue I'm talking, okay, the price/mix of about positive 3% and a volume of 5%. So your price/mix offsetting your FX. If you go to EBITDA, the drivers are a bit different because, of course, you have FX and cost. But volume would be on your EBITDA growth, driving 9%.

Yes. Actually, let me take that opportunity with that question to elaborate a little bit why we have a bit of a very high confidence around our target despite the fact that a lot of the earnings are coming into the second half. First, to answer your question on currency. Currency, we're taking the forward values for currency, and we have a very significant part of the currency exposure [ which day ], like every year. So we have the same aging process we have every year in place. And like last year, we're going to make a decision, I would say most likely, in the next 4 weeks if we do the additional hedging for Brazil. If you would ask me to guess right now, I would say yes, most likely, we're going to go with the same approach for Brazil as we did last year. There is a little upfront cost, but we believe it's giving us much more certainty. So I feel pretty strong around hedging, at the current programs we have in place. And the next one we're going to most likely take for Brazil will put us in a very predictable situation. For the raw material, which is the other part, we saw the increase, which is penalizing the first half coming from raw materials, which we are contracted and used in manufacturing last year. Those are the products which have sold in the first half. What we have procured and contracted for the second half is already done at a pricing which is lower than what we saw in the first half and, actually, pretty neutral versus the prior year. So we have a very strong visibility around our costs in the second half of the year.

Yes. Actually, Frank, yes, it's a good question. I should have say that. It's a very simple factor. It's supply from China. We -- the specialty chemical industry for the ag industry is mostly coming from China. China went to a pretty abrupt approach to the environmental issues last year, which created lots of shutdown and shortage on our raw material supply and active ingredients supply. Those were the product we are procuring at that time to manufacture them in the end of 2018 and fill them in the first half of 2019. Now everything has been reorganized. The shutdown are not so visible or high than they were last year. We have the supply as normalized. There is less emergency shipments. So we are much more back to normal situation. So the products which have been contracted and sold now are contracted under a normal supply from China. So we are back to normal level of inventory, normal supply and back to normal corn issue available, which get the price back to normal.

I would say yes and yes. I think the $115 million is all cost. And certainly, especially in the first half, we're not going to move to 2020. We're going to -- we should have a very favorable year-on-year comparison. Because as far as we see today with a more normalized situation from a supply standpoint, we will not have, in the first half of 2020, the raw material headwinds. So yes, we're going to like our comp in the first half of 2020 much better than we do right now.

So I think you're correct. I think usually, compression margin for -- it's going to depend which region and which product. But quite a few of our  insecticides or other product do have a profit on sales, which is north of 60%. And when you're growing because we are not adding resources, it drops straight to the EBITDA line, to the earnings line. Now we don't see it in the full P&L this year as we should because of the FX and raw material issue, but your calculation is correct. And those are regular earnings we have on some of the growing product line.

Yes.