Thank you, Zack, and good morning, everyone. FMC's strong growth continued in the third quarter with a robust start to the Latin American season as well as solid pricing actions across all regions driving our results.
New products gained momentum in the quarter, growing 26% year-over-year. As expected, Q3 saw the highest year-over-year cost inflation for 2022. Looking to Q4, we are seeing sequentially lower inflation across the supply chain. With this in mind, we expect a strong finish to the year, and remain confident in our ability to deliver our fourth quarter and full year forecast.
Our Q3 results are detailed on Slides 3, 4 and 5. Revenue was up 19% organically, EBITDA down 11% and EPS down 14%. As expected, these declines in the quarter were driven by the highest cost inflation this year, which more than offset the good start to the Latin American season and average global price increases of 7%.
Adjusted earnings were $1.23 per diluted share in the quarter, $0.13 above the midpoint of our guidance range, with the vast majority of the outperformance driven by higher EBITDA. We delivered double-digit year-over-year growth across the portfolio, including 23% growth in herbicides, 19% in fungicides and 10% in insecticides.
Third quarter sales were $1.38 billion, led by volume growth in Latin America and North America as well as price increases across all regions. In North America, sales increased 21% year-over-year. Fungicides grew rapidly in the quarter, especially on corn in the Midwest.
Overall performance in the Midwest across corn, soybeans and other crops more than offset lower diamide sales in the West due to drought conditions. In Latin America, sales increased 35% year-over-year, led by Brazil and Argentina.
With the backdrop of strong commodity prices and increasing acres, grower confidence in the region is high. Our results were driven by a robust start to the new season, with strong selective herbicide and insecticide sales, price increases and expanding market access.
FMC has been investing in expanding market access by adding commercial resources and developing new broader relationships with large cooperatives and distributors. These investments are focused on key row crops, such as soybean and corn, and we are starting to realize the results benefit from these increased sales.
As an example, bifenthrin-based insecticides, including those used to control stink bugs in soybeans with the largest growth driver in the region for the quarter. We also successfully launched Onsuva, our Fluindapyr-based fungicide for soybeans and peanuts in Argentina and Paraguay during the quarter. This is the second new molecule from FMC's pipeline following the successful introduction of Isoflex herbicide in Australia last year.
Turning to EMEA. Third quarter sales were down 12% versus prior year, and we're up 1% organically. In addition to strong pricing, results were driven by increased demand for diamides on fruit and vegetables and herbicides on cereals and  oil seed rape. FX was a significant headwind in the quarter.
FMC's decision to exit the Russian market, the first major crop protection companies to do so earlier this year, had an approximately $8 million negative impact on EBITDA in the quarter.
And finally, Asia was down 6% versus the third quarter last year, and up 2% organically. Pricing gains were more than offset by FX headwinds. Floods in Pakistan and erratic weather in India and other countries impacted performance in the quarter.
However, demand remains strong for new products based on diamides and other chemistries, and FMC continues to make significant progress in improving our market access in geographies where we are underrepresented, such as Indonesia, Vietnam and Thailand.
Investments to expand market access have not been limited to Latin America and Asia. We have also invested in market expansions in the U.S., Turkey and several other countries. This is an important element of our growth strategy and includes scaling up of FMC's technical service organization, expanding our sales force, pursuing new collaborations with distribution partners and other steps that are beginning to deliver market share gains. These initiatives become even more important as we continue to introduce novel technologies that require close engagement with growers.
Overall, adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $261 million, a decrease of 11% compared to the prior year period, but $6 million above the high end of our guidance range, primarily due to somewhat lower cost inflation than we previously anticipated.
As forecasted, cost and FX headwinds more than offset price increases and volume gains. Average price increases of 7% contributed $85 million in the quarter. We are seeing initial signs of decelerating inflation, and we are confident that cost headwinds in '22 have peaked in the third quarter. FX was a $25 million EBITDA headwind in the quarter due to weakening of several currencies around the world.
Moving to Slide 6, and FMC's full year 2022 and fourth quarter earnings outlook. With continued strength in market demand and the success of pricing actions to help offset cost increases and FX headwinds, we are raising full year 2022 revenue to a range of $5.6 billion to $5.8 billion, representing an increase of 13% at the midpoint versus 2021.
Sales growth was driven by volume and price in all regions, partially offset by foreign currency impacts. We are narrowing the full year adjusted EBITDA range to $1.37 billion to $1.43 billion, representing 7% year-over-year growth at the midpoint and reflecting the confidence in our order book and supply availability.
The range for 2022 adjusted earnings per share is narrowed as well, and is now expected to be $7.10 to $7.60 per diluted share, representing an increase of 7% year-over-year at the midpoint.
Consistent with past practice, we do not factor in any benefit from potential share repurchases in our EPS guidance.
Guidance for Q4 implies year-over-year sales growth of 8% at the midpoint compared to the prior year period. Pricing momentum and volume growth are expected to more than offset FX headwinds in the quarter. We have good visibility into demand for the quarter with strong order books for both the Brazilian and U.S. markets.
Cost increases are forecasted to be lower in Q4 compared to Q3. The combination of sales growth and lower cost headwinds is anticipated to result in EBITDA growth of 15% at the midpoint with EPS up 9% at the midpoint year-over-year.
Moving now to the updated drivers of 2022 EBITDA outcomes on Slide 7. Market growth is expected to remain in the mid- to high single-digit range, and we are seeing cost inflation beginning to decelerate. We are successfully mitigating the impact of lost sales from our decision to exit Russia and have good visibility into supply to fulfill fourth quarter demand.
Full year price increases of mid- to high single-digit and strong volume growth are expected to more than offset cost and FX headwinds, keeping the midpoint of our guidance unchanged at $1.4 billion.
I'll now turn the call over to Andrew.

Thank you, Andrew. Turning to Slides 9 and 10. I want to provide an early look at the key market and cost dynamics underpinning our emerging view of next year.
Soft commodity prices remain robust and stock-to-use ratios for key crops remained below the average for the past decade, growers around the world will continue to rely on our advanced technologies to deliver high yields, while they combat erratic weather and persistent drought conditions.
As a result, we expect the overall crop protection market will grow in the low to mid-single-digit range next year on a U.S. dollar basis. This favorable backdrop, combined with our continued pricing actions, strong demand for our newest technologies and further market access gains will provide solid support for profitable growth in 2023.
There have been significant cumulative cost and FX headwinds to EBITDA over the past couple of years, which we intend to recoup through pricing and lower costs going forward. Clearly, all the recovery will not take place within a single year, but we expect to shift to improving margins in the second half of 2023.
Headwinds to the top line will come from FX volatility as well as a normal range of registration losses, potential factors that could drive 2023 revenue higher include stronger market growth, better pricing or product mix and a reduction in FX volatility.
On the supply front, we expect greater stability as we continue diversifying our raw material sources and experience fewer disruptions. Input cost inflation is expected to decelerate, and hence, input costs are expected to become a year-over-year tailwind in the second half of the year. In fact, we are already seeing improvements in the availability and cost of logistics.
Regarding internal costs, SG&A and R&D expenses will grow at or below the rate of sales growth. Investments will be focused on commercializing new products, expanding market access and developing new chemical and biological solutions.
Potential factors that could drive 2023 EBITDA higher include faster-than-expected easing of input costs and the potential for improved SG&A leverage. Taking all of this into consideration, we expect FMC's growth momentum will continue throughout next year with margin expansion in the second half of 2023.
To conclude, the second half of 2022 is playing out largely as forecasted. We delivered solid results in the third quarter despite peak cost headwinds. For full year 2022, we expect to deliver another record performance.
FMC has thrived in a year of unprecedented challenges. Our team successfully navigated logistics bottlenecks around the world. We have made steady progress derisking our global supply base, which we will continue to do next year.
We have maintained disciplined controls on discretionary spending, and at the same time, we continue to invest in the future with the acquisition of BioPhero, which enhances our biologicals platform, as well as increased investments in R&D.
Finally, our continued investments to expand FMC's market access in key regions and countries are producing strong results and market share gains.
Looking to 2023, we are optimistic based on what we see at this point. Crop Protection fundamentals appear to be positive for next year, which bodes well for market demand across our existing portfolio.
New product introductions based on our latest technologies as well as new biological solutions are doing extremely well, and they will drive mix improvement.
We are seeing signs of raw materials, logistics and supply challenges will continue to ease next year, providing a positive tailwind to margins in the second half of 2023. Once again, when we look at the full picture for 2023, we remain upbeat on market fundamentals and the performance we expect to deliver.
I'll now turn the call back to the operator for questions.

Yes, certainly, Laurent. Well, first of all, let me clear up that little misunderstanding.
We do expect margins to improve as we exit 2023 versus where we are today in 2022. So margins will improve next year. I think that's an important point because we have been talking about first half versus second half, but full year will be positive.
Obviously, we've described quite a few times how costs flow through our P&L. The materials that we're buying in the second half of this year give us very good insight into the costs for the first half of next year. And we are seeing costs still higher than they were, but the rate of increase is slowing down, and that's very important, because what that tells us is that as we enter the first half of next year, the materials that we will be buying and the cost of flow through the P&L in the second half of the year will be lower.
So that's how we see the first half, second half. So costs go from being somewhat of a headwind in the first half to somewhat of a tailwind in the second half.
Now when we talk about the full year, we don't have a budget at this point. So we are giving what we describe as an early look at next year. I think, though, that when you think about our 5-year plan that we put in place in 2018, our top line of 5% to 7% growth and now 7% to 9% growth on the bottom line, they're very much where we're thinking we can be next year. And when you think about the slides that we put out there in terms of the cost dynamic and the market dynamics, market dynamics are pretty positive for us.
So if you think about the following: if you think about price up next year in the sort of low to mid-single-digit range, you think of volume the same in the low to mid-single-digit range. You've got some registration losses. And you've got a market that's growing in the low to mid-single-digit range. You take that, you take an FX headwind probably in the low to mid-single digits, it's quite easy to see as being within the middle to the upper end of that 5% to 7% range, and that's how we're sort of modeling it at the very early stages.
We described in the slides things that can move us up and down, and if we're in that range, then obviously, we're going to get EBITDA leverage, and you should see EBITDA in that 7% to 9% range as well as improved margins.
So the algorithm works, I'm confident in what we see in terms of our own portfolio, new product introductions coming in next year. It is a volatile world, but we are pretty confident about what we see next year, Laurent.

Yes -- no, seriously, we have a range for a reason. We don't necessarily see that range as wide. There are a lot of things going on in the world right now, as we all know. I would say the season in Latin America, as we've said, has started well. We planned for that in Q3. We took advantage of that. We expect it to continue in Latin America as we go through Q4 and Q1.
It is a strange time of the year because not only is the Latin American season in full swing, but things are moving in North America, things are starting to move in Europe ahead of the season. So it's a time of volatility in demand.
And as we've said before, we tend to look at the years in 2 halves. Well, that applies to Q4 and Q1. So yes, there is a range there, but we don't consider it too broad. We're confident of our ability to deliver on Q4, looks good in Latin America, looks good in North America and Europe is gearing up well.
So overall, I think the midpoint is where we said we would be for the full year, and we really haven't changed the second half at all. You've seen that in the numbers. It's going to be a good second half for us. So I think the range is appropriate for what we see in terms of what's going on in the world.

Yes. Chris, could you just repeat the first piece of your question? We didn't hear it.

Thanks, Chris. Yes. So let me take the diamides first. This year, year-to-date, we're up in the high mid-single digits. We would expect that same growth rate next year as we go forward. We're getting new registrations, especially for Cyazypyr. That market is growing rapidly in many parts of the world, which is good news.
On new products, the new products are about $600 million this year in terms of overall revenue. We're about 10% of revenue. We would expect that to increase next year. I don't have the exact amount, but I would expect it to move upwards in terms of overall revenue, certainly given the strength of what we've seen over the last couple of years with new product introductions.
And then the Plant Health business is doing extremely well. It's growing north of 20% this year. Biological is growing even faster than that. I would expect that business to continue growth of north of 20% as we go into next year, driven mainly by biologicals.
So overall, that whole new product mix that we have going through the business is getting stronger every year. And it's interesting when you think about it, we closed the DuPont deal 5 years ago this week, which is frankly hard to believe, but the $600 million of what we call products launched in the last 5 years have all been put in the marketplace since that acquisition.
So it just shows the power of that innovation engine that we have, and it's certainly been accelerating as we've gone over those 5 years. So more to come from that pipeline, but hopefully, that gives you sort of a flavor of how the 3 pieces fall out.

Yes. I'll give you a high-level view, and then Andrew, if you want to make a couple of comments.
Listen, I think we've been in such a period that we've never seen before in terms of volatility and movement in supply that we're very hopeful that as we get into 2023, we're starting to enter into more of a stable environment in terms of how we operate, that has many benefits. Obviously, stress on the organization is an important one.
But second is cost, because it allows us to go back and get materials from what we call our prime resources where we have the best conditions, the best terms, the best pricing.
We are seeing, and I just said it in the script, we are seeing logistics costs freeing up. Obviously, we're all pretty much aware that the world is entering into a recessionary period, there is less goods moving around the world. What does that mean? It means container space is freed up. It means lower maritime shipments.
We're seeing lower cost for road freight in different parts of the world, and where we sparingly use air freight, those costs are coming down as well. So we are seeing the whole cost complex around logistics getting better.
Andrew, do you want to make any other comments?

Yes. Thanks, Vincent. Yes, it does vary by region. And it varies in the method of how we implement prices in certain parts of the world, such as Europe or the U.S., we have a price book that goes out before the season starts, and all sales are based upon those price books.
Now over the last 2 years, we had actually changed mid-season because of just the scale of what we see. In other parts of the world like Latin America, the cost and the prices moved constantly. So it's not as if you have a price, you're moving prices constantly. So the way we see next year, we are definitely moving prices. We already have in the U.S. We are in Europe as well. We're also moving in parts of Asia.
So we're on the track to recoup the EBITDA that we've had the compression with over the last couple of years. And as I said, we're not going to get that all back in 1-year. So '23, '24 will be the years of us coming down the other side of that curve as we hold price and raise price in certain parts of the world.
So yes, I think the basic answer is, we continue to be aggressive on price. We've had margin compression that we don't like, and we're going to get those margins back.

Yes. Listen, I think once you start down the road of expanding where you're actually selling then growth rates accelerate, and that's what we've seen.
I'll just give you a little factoid that we talked about growth in Latin America being very strong. 50% of our growth in Brazil in the third quarter was our new market access. So what does that basically mean? It means, we're selling onto new acres that we never sold them too before. We're selling to broader distributors and co-ops with deeper relationships. And we're selling a portfolio that is somewhat different to what we've sold before.
For instance, I talked about the bifenthrin-based products for stink bugs that is a big problem in the Brazilian soybean market, and we have the best solution there. So we're expanding our sales into new areas.
U.S. is another good example. We've added a number of salespeople and tech service people over the last 12 months. That means we're calling on more retailers. We're calling on different distribution outlets, and we're getting our portfolio into hands that have never been in there before.
So when you think about FMC's price and volume growth, that volume growth is not to the same customers. The volume growth is going to new people, new markets, new acres, new crops that we've not been on before. So we see that as something very positive. And I would say, we're at the beginning of a multiyear asset by FMC to really improve our market access, which will improve our market share and profitability.
I'm very happy with what I see today. Obviously, we have to train new salespeople. We have to train tech service. But you know what, within a 12-month period, good salespeople start to get returns, and we're seeing that now.

Yes. Thanks, Kevin. It's hard to believe that we've owned the business for 3 or 4 months. There's been a lot of progress. First of all, on integration. Integration has gone very smoothly. The good news is that our biologicals platform and Plant Health platform is based in Copenhagen, which is where BioPhero are based, and we're only about 4 or 5 kilometers apart from each other. So that's working really well. There's been very good dialogue there.
I think the most important thing that I can tell you is, that we made our first commercial sales in the last 3 to 4 months. We made our first commercial batches of 1 product, and we've actually scaled up a second product. So the timing was very good for us. It allowed us to integrate and get the first commercial sales. That's an important step to prove that the technology works, and customers are willing to buy that technology is very important.
The pipeline is pretty much as what we said it was. We have 5 products in research today, and then moving through at the rate that we would expect. I think the most important other aspect is manufacturing strategy. This is fermentation, and it is new technology to FMC. Our manufacturing groups are hiring people right now with fermentation capabilities to augment what BioPhero have. And we're making great progress on our strategy for where are we going to manufacture? Are we going to do it ourselves, or we doing it with third parties? Is it a combination? So all of that is going very well.
Second part of your question, Kevin, regarding the inorganic opportunities for M&A. We do have a number of targets that we're looking at today from a Plant Health perspective. They are based around the biological's platform. I'm not going to say any more than that, except that this is, and I've said it in numerous times that, this is an area of focus for FMC, not only from an M&A perspective, but from our Ventures Group as well. I think many of you know that we set up a Ventures Group about 2.5 years ago.
Actually, BioPhero was one of the first companies that we ever invested in. We do have other investments in peptides that are going very well. These are new areas for biologicals to be used as pesticides. So I expect to see more from us on that M&A front.

Well, I think generally speaking, overall, we would say we're happy where inventory levels are in the marketplace. There are pockets of higher inventories. We talked about India before. The last few years, with the weather monsoons played out and rice acreage reductions, have not been great. So we're working through inventory there.
I would say in the U.S., things are fine. Europe is pretty okay for us. 1 or 2 pockets in the South because of the dry weather that we had last year. I would say in Latin America, there are parts of Brazilian market where they had a drought last year that you can imagine inventories are high. Inventories are high right now in Brazil because we're in the planting season. But we're happy with where our inventories are right now.

Yes. I think maybe you misunderstood, Joel. I said that next year, we would have in the range of 5% to 7%, 7% to 9%. When you look at the 5-year average, we're at about 6.5% revenue growth, and we're slightly below the EBITDA number for the last 4 years.
I think we're about -- we're at 1.4%. And I think our forecast for 2022 in the long-range plan was $1.45 billion. But if you back out Russia, we're up $1.425 billion, so we're $25 million below on $1.45 billion. That's not a lot. So when you think about the significant costs we've had and I think through the planning period, we're over $1 billion of cost in FX, Andrew, is that correct?

Yes. Well, I think we've been pretty explicit that I would say we're starting to see some of that in Q4, and we'll see more of it as we start to go through next year. But I think where you see the real turn is the second half of the year because at that point, we will be continuing to benefit from the price increases. And at that point, if everything goes as we think it should go, then prices will actually be coming down in the second half of the year for raw materials, logistics, et cetera.
So that's when we should start to see that acceleration of margin, and you will see that continuing through 2024. So it's really 6 months out from now, although we're starting to see the first signs of it now. Andrew, would you want to add anything?

No, I don't think so, Adam. We're investing in R&D at an appropriate rate right now. That will step up next year as obviously we continue. We're introducing new products into our pipeline.
Precision Ag is getting the appropriate funding and that is growing well for us. And then on the SG&A side, we will not slow down on the market access investments around the world. And then we have the inflationary rates that we see for people costs around the world as we go into next year. But I don't think there's anything there that I would call a step-up. Andrew, I don't think there's anything.

No, I don't -- it's Mark here. I don't think so. I think we're in the high single digits. That's a lot of price when you're at our size and especially with our EBITDA margins.
So for us, it's not -- you're never going to get all of this back in 1 or 2 quarters. The costs flow over a period of time, and you work your way through back on a same sort of principle. At the end of the day, we are refine and specialty chemical company. We're not a commodity chemical company. So it takes us a little bit to get it on 1 side. But on the other side, we keep it. And I think that's an important asset that you have to remember.
I think Andrew outlined pretty well -- the inflationary aspect that we're thinking through. But for me, I think the way we're growing the business, and don't forget this year is going to be a record year for us. I think we're taking the appropriate actions on price, and we'll continue to do so. And in addition, we're gaining market share by our market access activities. So I think the 2 combined produce very strong results.

Yes, I think I said it earlier at the beginning, when we think about next year, pricing in that low to mid-single-digit range, volume in the low to mid-single-digit range is appropriate for how we're thinking -- our early thinking for next year. So if you're specifically focused on price, I would think in that low to mid-range.

Thank you. Yes, most of -- taking the second one first. Most of the costs have already been embedded in the Latin American business, and we'll see those benefits. We've seen them already, but we'll see them accelerate as we go through next year.
On the diamides in Asia, listen, there's 2 very big markets for us, rice and fruit and vegetables and pretty much every country grows rice and pretty much every country grows fruit and vegetables.
Diamides in Asia is our biggest market, about 50% of the diamides sold in Asia. So you could think about pretty much every country are our major markets and rice and fruit vegetables are the key ones.