Thanks, Jason, and good morning. Thank you to everyone joining us today. Before we discuss our quarterly results, I want to quickly reiterate the changes we announced on September 24 as part of our strategic review and operational review. 
If you would please turn to Slide 3. Last month, we committed to a plan to sell substantially all of our government and equipment rental businesses. Starting today, we will be reporting those business lines as discontinued operations. We also created a segment called Other, where we will keep our 2 fixed price government contracts and NuScale. We're also splitting our Mining, Industrial, Infrastructure & Power segment into 2 standalone segments: Mining & Industrial and Infrastructure & Power. 
The actions we have taken over the last few months reflects the reality of our industry. We continue to act with urgency and have undertaken these changes to strengthen Fluor and put the company on a path to deliver consistent and profitable growth. As a result of this process, I believe we have a better understanding of our backlog, and I have confidence our backlog can positively drive future results. 
Now turning to our segment updates. If you would please turn to Slide 5. For the third quarter, new awards for the Energy & Chemicals segment were $256 million and ending backlog was $13.7 billion. Ending backlog reflects the removal of the Wanhua chemical plant complex in Louisiana that was booked earlier this year and canceled by the client in the third quarter. 
New awards for the quarter primarily reflect the timing of client FID decisions and are not the result of our revised pursuit criteria. We are committed to following a clear criteria to pursue the right contracts with the right terms. And we believe our new pursuit criteria will help us derisk the business and deliver higher margins. 
One example of a project that fits our new criteria is the Rovuma LNG project in Mozambique. Fluor and our joint venture partners, JGC and TechnipFMC, were awarded a Limited Notice to Proceed earlier this month. This fourth quarter award allows the joint venture team to progress on the project until a final investment decision is reached in early 2020. 
This project is aligned with our updated bidding standards announced on last quarter -- last quarter's call. We worked closely with our consortium to develop a project model that appropriately leverages each party's strength and capabilities. We also held a number of meetings with the client over the last several months to reach an agreement on items that were critical to derisking our execution profile. Like LNG Canada, we have a good relationship with strong partners that have deep experience in the LNG space. We're going to continue to work in lockstep with our partners to deliver a project that meets our requirements for safety, productivity and profitability. 
As we look to the fourth quarter and early 2020, our Energy & Chemicals prospects include several significant reimbursable projects around the world. These include the Formosa Sunshine petrochemicals mega complex in Louisiana, a project in China for INVISTA and an ethylene oxide plant in Europe for BASF. 
Let's turn to Slide 6. The Mining & Industrial group reported new awards of $119 million in the third quarter and ending backlog was $6.2 billion. Mining EPC awards for 2019 continue to track our expectations from last year as we continue to work on FEED and feasibility studies for large mining EPC projects that we expect to be awarded in 2020 and 2021. 
Now turning to Slide 7. The Infrastructure & Power group reported new awards of $2 billion in the third quarter and ending backlog was $7.7 billion. New awards included the addition of the Texas DOT I-635 East project in Dallas as well as the I-26 North Carolina DOT project outside of Asheville. Segment profit of $1 million reflects our execution on lower-margin projects that experienced forecast revisions in the second quarter. Now looking ahead, we are pursuing additional road projects in Texas and remain confident in the strong prospects from our Fluor Heavy Civil group. 
Let's turn to Slide 8. Our Diversified Services segment reported new awards of $260 million and ending backlog was $2.4 billion. This segment excludes AMECO North America, which has been moved to discontinued operations. Restructuring of Stork continues to progress on schedule, and we anticipate this business will deliver improved results in 2020. 
Turning to Slide 9. The Other segment includes our 2 fixed price government projects, Radford and Warren and our investment in NuScale. As highlighted in our strategic review, we recorded 75 -- $79 million in charges this quarter related to the Radford and Warren projects. These charges reflect additional cost growth relative to our initial estimate, engineering changes and unapproved change orders. The charges taken today reflect our current cost to complete estimate. NuScale expenses for the quarter were $14 million. But I do want to point out that Fluor did not provide funding for NuScale in the third quarter. We expect to receive another tranche of funding in the fourth quarter and are actively engaged with additional investors. 
In discontinued operations, which includes our government and AMECO North America businesses, we reported earnings of $40 million or $0.28 per diluted share in the quarter. The government business was successful in winning contract extensions for Savannah River and Idaho National Laboratory. Our plan to divest these businesses are progressing well, and we expect both sales to be complete within 1 year. 
And now I'll turn the call over to Mike to talk through the financial results from the quarter and outlook. Mike?

Jamie, I'll take the first two, and I'll ask Mike to take the third one. With respect to the backlog, as you can see this quarter, we took a couple of charges on a couple of government projects, which we had indicated we expected to do that. With respect to the rest of the portfolio, our estimates have been holding very well. And I'm very optimistic that while we can't guarantee that we won't have charges in the future, we are -- we've gotten our arms around the backlog and are very -- feeling very, very confident about where we are there. 
With respect to the transactions, it's very early in the process, but I can tell you that there is significant interest with respect to both businesses. We've got -- we've engaged our investment bankers for both businesses. We've got a list of interested buyers and we'll be progressing that very promptly. We're probably a little bit further ahead on the bid on the rental business, but we expect to close both transactions probably no later than mid-2020. And we're very, very positive about how those are going to progress. Mike?

Well, we have seen a little bit of delay. We had indicated earlier that the Rovuma project was delayed to probably the second -- first or second quarter from the final notice to proceed. But I think the new awards for 2020 as we're looking at now will be fairly consistent with what we said. It's going to be fairly flat to 2019 with the exclusion of -- obviously, with the exclusion of the government and AMECO businesses. But we are pursuing several big reimbursable projects in E&C and pretty optimistic about those. So I can't say that we're seeing a lot of growth, but we're not going to see much deterioration either.

Well, I'll let Mike answer the question as to whether we anticipate future impairments. But no, you're absolutely right in terms of our investment experience. We -- we're going to be much more cautious in the future with respect to our investments. We pursued a strategy of getting into fabrication. And that strategy is a valid strategy, but we haven't had the success at the yard that we expected as early as we did. We are expecting now that the LNG modules will be released to that yard in early to mid-2020. So that yard, we expect, will be performing better than it has in the past. 
With respect to historic investments, we probably paid more than we should have for that, but we're restructuring now, and it's going to be performing at a higher level in 2020. So yes, we've made some investments that may have been better made, but we're dealing with them right now. And we're not going to be making investments in the future that don't have a rigorous review in terms of its potential or its expected return. Mike, do you want to talk about impairments?

Yes, let me just add something to that, Steve. We've got now almost 20 projects in the infrastructure business, which is a very healthy number of projects. And some of those have been around for a while. And those are the ones that are not delivering the margin right now. But as we work our way through those, I think we should expect improved margins as Mike indicated.

Sure. Well, first of all, we've mentioned in the past the changes we've made in our selectivity or pursuit criteria. And clearly, the Rovuma project met all of that criteria. We have 2 very strong partners in that project, JGC and Technip. Both have a significant experience in the LNG arena. We have engaged in discussions with our customer for a number of months now in derisking the project. We've had high-level conversations with that customer with respect to what's happened in the industry in general as far as the allocation of risk having been disproportionately shifted to the contractor. And so it's been a very, very cooperative process. 
There are certain risks in the projects that we have not taken. I can't go into the detail in those. But there are some risks that's being -- that's remaining with the owner. In terms of schedule, in terms of productivity, this is a stick-build project and we're going to -- we feel very, very confident that we have addressed all the risk issues here. So it's going to be a matter of showing you. But I am extremely, extremely positive about this project. And we are -- and so are our partners, so I'm looking forward to it.

Sure, not at all. No. The -- obviously, one of the key issues in these projects that -- or any project that we have struggled with in the past has been where we've had inadequate schedule. And that is part of our criteria now that we're not going to agree to a schedule that's overly aggressive. And in fact, that has actually caused a project for us to be canceled by the owner because we wouldn't agree on what the owner wanted for the schedule. 
In Rovuma, the way we have structured that contract is that the risk lies with the party that's best able to manage the risk. For example, the client is responsible for all in-country risks. We're not going to -- we're not responsible for security, but of course, we are responsible for our people's security. And we're not going to be mobilizing onto the site until security is in place and it is at an acceptable level. There is a robust force majeure definition, including all places where the work is being performed, not just in-country. And we have procured subcontractors, Tier 1 subcontractors with a proven track record and have appropriately allocated risk to them. And as I mentioned earlier, the project really meets our pursuit criteria.

Yes. One of the differences between some of the competitors that have exited the mega infrastructure, P3 or other large infrastructure projects is we do have the capacity and the balance sheet to take on those projects. But we're not going to take on projects, for example, where we don't have the right team to execute. We have -- we just recently walked away from an opportunity because we didn't have the right team. I think that there will be plenty of opportunities in infrastructure, especially as we complete the existing projects. 
And in the geographies where we have said we're going to execute infrastructure projects, we're going to be able to get work. For example, in our Heavy Civil business, which is a business that's construction only for smaller projects in the $100 million to $200 million range typically, we have a couple of opportunities where we're going to be doing those on a unit rate basis, taking out quantity risk. So I think we're well positioned in infrastructure, but we're not going to get ahead of our skis and take more work than we can execute effectively.

Yes. With respect to the projects that we're waiting for FID on, such as Rovuma, that project as well as actually the LNG project did meet the existing or the new criteria in terms of contract negotiations. Obviously, those projects being as significant as they are, they received a tremendous amount of scrutiny. And we addressed all the issues. We either mitigated them, negotiated them out or appropriately priced them in. 
What we're telling our salespeople is -- what I'm telling our salespeople is, "Look, we're going to pursue excellence in execution." And that starts at the bid, no-bid stage. We're not going to bid a project that we don't think we can execute effectively. And we're not going to take terms and conditions that unduly put risk on us. And we're not going to agree to schedules that we can't meet. And this change in approach to a more risk-balanced approach has taken very well within the organization. 
We now have -- when we review projects, and every significant project comes to review to myself and the corporate management team, we have a list of the criteria. And every project proposal or every package checks off whether the criteria is met or not. And that's now standard operating procedure in review of projects. So the message has been delivered and well received. And I think it's going to serve us well.

Good question, Jerry. That's basically...

I'm sorry, Mike. That's basically running off the power projects we have, warranty -- some warranty issues. But you're right, there's not any substantially new -- any new business in power. We do have a power services business, but that resides in the Diversified Services segment.

It probably will reduce it a little bit but not in a significant way. We are -- one of the things we're also doing is we're also chasing -- we're going to be chasing more mid-cap type of work, which we had moved away from. We had gone almost -- not exclusively, but largely after mega projects. And some of that mid-cap work will be reimbursable. So I think overall, it's not going to have a huge impact on our backlog.

Yes. That was a long-standing dispute that we had with a client and have been in arbitration for several years. That was actually the result of what we had a really pretty favorable or balanced terms and conditions. And that is in the, I think, in the $25 million to $30 million range.

Let me correct something I said. I think I told you $25 million to $30 million for that resolution. Actually, I think it's more in the $20 million range. I was thinking of something else.

Yes. Mike, at this point, that's not really impacting. We're basically doing FEEDs and feasibility studies or obviously we have some projects ongoing as well. But at this point, it's not impacting our visibility into the future in an adverse way.

We've been having, Kevin, since May 1, we've been having conversations with our major oil and gas customers precisely about this issue of the bidding risk environment. As you know, there have been a number of players in the space that have left the oil and gas because of the environment that has existed for several years. Our customers understand it. They get it. They are now telling us, "Look, we need Fluor to be a successful company." And we got to understand, we've got to work together to derisk projects. And we've already seen some of that in some of the projects that we've talked about. So we're not -- lump sum is not going to go away. But a balanced lump sum is going to be the model for the future. It has to be. 
We are -- one of the things we're doing now on a lot of projects is we're starting up as a reimbursable cost during the design phase. And once we have a design substantially complete and the vendor data substantially procured, then we're in a very good position to lump sum the balance of the project. And that's something that we found some -- a lot of receptivity from the clients on. So there will be projects that we will walk away from, for sure. But as I said earlier, I think that overall, we are in a very positive position in our industry because of our ability to execute the large projects, our relationships with our clients and the fact that others are not capable of managing risk as we will be able to do so.

Yes, that was about $500 million.

Thank you, operator. With our strategic and operational review now complete and our restructuring underway, Fluor is now focused on returning to excellence in our operations and consistent profitability. Our employees remain our greatest asset, and I thank them for their ongoing hard work and dedication to Fluor. We're committed to working together as a team to execute our strategic priorities and position Fluor for continued success. And I'm confident we have the right people, the right structure and the right global footprint to leverage our talent and capabilities to generate shareholder value. Thanks to all of you for participating on our call today, and we greatly appreciate your support of Fluor. Thank you.