Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone. There are 3 main topics I'd like to cover today. But before I begin, I want to briefly address the coronavirus. While we recognize the impact of the virus is widespread, our health, safety and environmental group has taken the lead in putting procedures in place to protect our employees and their families. To date, none of our employees or their families have contracted the virus. Our major offices in China are now open, and we expect to ramp up to normal staffing levels over the next several weeks. Our fabrication yard is also open, and most of the local staff in craft are returning to work. Workers from other provinces will be subject to a 14-day quarantine period before they commence work. We're currently assessing the impact that coronavirus has on our projects and have already made or submitted force majeure notices where appropriate. 
Now the 3 main topics I'd like to discuss today are: one, an update on the AMECO and Government businesses; two, our new risk profile and criteria; and three, a high-level review of our segments and prospects. 
If you would please turn to Slide 3. Last fall, as part of Fluor's strategic review to improve its financial position, the company announced that it was initiating plans to sell substantially all of the Government business. As we look through Q4 and realized some of the early benefits of the restructuring plan, we gained confidence in our solid liquidity position and our viable options for generating cash flow, such that we no longer deem it necessary or advisable to proceed with the sale of this important and attractive asset. As a result, we have decided to retain this business, which will cease to be reported as a discontinued operation in the first quarter of 2020. 
On the AMECO front, this transaction continues to progress, and our plan to sell this business remains unchanged. It is our intent to have made significant progress with one or more potential buyers by the end of the second quarter. 
Now turning to our risk profile. As Alan mentioned, risk imbalance has proven to be a challenge for our industry. As a result, we continue to take significant actions to enhance our risk profile and implement stronger controls. These risk-mitigating actions include a realignment of our engineering, procurement and project management disciplines, which now report directly into the business units, providing improved oversight. 
As an example of our new discipline around project pursuit, we recently participated in a bid proposal where the client wanted to proceed with unreasonable schedule and cost risks assigned to the contractor. Through negotiations and alignment with the client, we were able to conform the contract to meet our revised pursuit criteria, and we outlined -- that we outlined last year. The results benefited both the client and Fluor. 
Now please turn to Slide 5 for an update on our segments. In Energy & Chemicals, we booked new awards of $1.7 billion in the fourth quarter, and ending backlog is expected to be $14.1 billion. New awards include EPC phase for a manufacturing facility for a chemical used by -- to make nylon polymers, fibers and other specialty materials for INVISTA in China. 
We also booked the Polyols Petrochemicals project in India for Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited. The contract includes the detailed design, engineering, procurement and construction management services intended to help reduce India's dependence on petrochemical imports. 
We recently won the EPFC for Canada Kuwait Petroleum Corporation's PDH Silo project, which we -- were booked in the first quarter of 2020. This bid was under our current guidelines, and we have built 3 PDH plants with the same technology. 
Our LNG Canada project in Kitimat is well underway. We started piling activities in the fourth quarter, which will continue into next year. Both fabrication yards recently celebrated the first steel cut for the OSBL and ISBL portions of the project. We continue to monitor our progress and are focused on achieving our next major milestones, completing the 90% model reviews. 
Moving to our offshore project. This project is staying relatively close to its revised forecast. New awards for 2020 will be led by the Mozambique Rovuma LNG project. We expect to book this project this year and are currently executing this project under a limited notice to proceed. Fluor, along with our partners, JGC and Technip, have assembled a strong team that is designed to execute this project on schedule and on budget. 
Last quarter, we talked about the Formosa Sunshine project in Louisiana and remain optimistic about this project moving forward. We now expect to see the various EPC packages of this project awarded in the second half of 2020 and into 2021. 
We also see a number of refinery and petrochemical projects in Europe, North America and Asia Pacific. 
Now turning to Mining & Industrial on Slide 6. We expect to end the year with a backlog of $5.4 billion, and fourth quarter new awards were about $0.5 billion. Fourth quarter awards were driven by EPC contracts for data centers in our Advanced Manufacturing and Technologies group. 
Mining awards have been light in 2019 as anticipated, but we expect to see the FEED work we have been completing convert into EPC awards in the back half of 2020. Our prospects continue to be led by copper, bauxite and lithium opportunities. 
Our market position remains very strong. We have great relationships with the industry leaders and are working with them to successfully execute complex projects around the world. 
For Infrastructure & Power, backlog at the end of the fourth quarter was $6.9 billion. New awards in the fourth quarter were modest. While we expect to have a lower level of new awards for infrastructure in 2020, we continue to see interest at the state level on improving infrastructure. We're confident that we are focusing on the right states where we have the right track record to win the right projects. 
Now please turn to Slide 7. In Government, we ended the year with an expected backlog of $3.8 billion. Last quarter, we were -- and our joint venture partners were selected to lead the Central Plateau Cleanup Contract at the Department of Energy's Hanford site near Richland, Washington. Fluor was previously at this site from 1996 to 2009. Fluor is also pursuing the Hanford Tank Closure Contract, and we expect to hear a decision towards the end of February. 
In Diversified Services, we expect to end the year with a backlog of $2.5 billion. Our historic restructuring is almost complete and well positioned for 2020. 
Now turning to Slide 8. The other segment includes our 2 fixed government projects, Radford and Warren, and our investment in NuScale. Both of the Radford and Warren projects are continuing to progress, and we do not expect to take any additional forecast additions in the fourth quarter. 
As for NuScale, it cleared a major milestone in December when the NRC concluded the Phase IV review of its design application with no open items. NuScale remains on track to receive its final design approval in September of this year. 
Funding in the second half of 2019 was provided by third-party investors. We're actively engaged in discussions with additional potential investors. 
Also earlier this month, the Department of Energy approved up to $350 million in cost-saving (sic) [ cost-sharing ] financial assistance. 
And now I'll turn the call over to Mike to provide a few highlights for 2019 and our outlook for 2020. Mike?

Yes, Steve, let me -- thanks for that question. What happened, as you can tell from the new awards in 2019, is there had been several projects that have been canceled, a couple of methanol projects that had been canceled, a couple of projects that had moved into 2020, Rovuma being one of them. So that's, I think, probably the reason why the revenue is not as high. We do still expect a little bit modest growth in revenue for 2020, but the -- there has been a movement to the right on number of projects.

Yes, let me just add something to that because we've always known the Government business to be a very valuable business. It's got reliable earnings and cash flow and substantially reimbursable. And for that reason, we had very strong interest from many well-funded buyers, both strategic and financial kind. Most of the buyers has approached us when we announced that we were going to divest the business. But as Alan stated, we're so pleased that we're going to be able to keep this significant contributor for -- of earnings and cash flow. And the reasons that we're able to keep, Government is a credit to our organization. 
Our efforts and our people have been very focused on cash conservation and generation. As a result, as of the end of 2019, we had $2.0 billion in the bank, which is more than we had anticipated. We have been successful in monetizing a number of claims and expect to do more of the same this year and next year. We're encouraged by the interest in our P3 investment and our excess real estate. And we've reduced the annual dividend by more than half. The cost savings -- or the cost reduction efforts will be resulting in cash savings. And of course, we're proceeding with the AMECO sale, which will raise significant cash and relieve us of the associated capital expenditures of that business. So the combination of these factors really drove our decision to keep Government. And as Mike stated, we're going to maintain a strong balance sheet to support our objective of maintaining an investment-grade rating and obviously keep the benefits of the Government and its very talented people.

Let me start with that -- answer part of that, Andy, and maybe I'll ask Mike to follow up. Look, we have -- we've said in the past that 2020 is going to be a transition year for us. And we are still working off some of the problem projects. And so when we gave guidance, we're trying to regain our credibility in the marketplace. So we are giving a guidance that we believe we're going to make it, understanding that there's a lot of unknowns still in 2020. But we are going to be seeing progress through the year as we go. Mike, do you want to add something?

Yes. And thanks for that question. That project, as all our projects, now meets our criteria. And one of the ways that we can get comfortable with lump-sum projects is for us to do a reimbursable FEED and development phase, and then at some point when we're comfortable that we have defined the scope adequately and have adequate information with respect to the procurement and the vendor information, convert it to a lump sum. And that's exactly what's happened with this one. We have been executing that project on a reimbursable basis. And at some point, we will convert it to lump sum.

Well, our pipeline in E&C, we pretty much identified some of that pipeline. It looks very solid at this point. I think what we have, we're going to see in mining is more EPC work picking up in mining as the FEEDs that we've been working on develop into full EPC work. So I can't say that our pipeline is going to result in new awards that exceed 2019 by a lot, but we're definitely going to exceed 2019 -- I'm sorry, 2019, but we're definitely going to exceed 2019 new awards.

Well, as we talk to clients, they are obviously concerned about the coronavirus. But I don't -- they don't see that as a long-term impediment going forward with their capital expenditure plans. So obviously, our clients are much more disciplined now than they have been in the past about that. But I don't expect that the plans are going to be contracted any more than what they had previously announced.

Well, as you know, we have a very, very strong position in the DOE space with a number of labs that we're managing. We have -- this is not a predictable side of the business, but we are strong with FEMA as well. And the LOGCAP business is going to be changing. But I think we're well positioned in those areas for additional awards from the government. And obviously, our -- the prospective buyers of that business thought so as well because we have a lot of interest in that business.

Well, Jerry, as we mentioned, we have a number of ways to generate cash. The largest one is AMECO, which will be -- we expect to sell maybe in Q3, having a buyer by the end of Q2. And we're going to have savings in CapEx. We're going to have P3s that we're going to be selling and monetization of a number of claims. For example, the one that we just recorded in the fourth quarter is one of those. So we have increasing confidence that we're going to be able to generate the cash that we need to cover the $500 million and then some of the project charges.

No. Our yard got back to work on February 10. And at this point, we don't see any delays. But obviously, we'll wait and see when we ramp up completely.

Okay. Mike, thank you. And with that, thank you, operator, and thanks to all of you for participating on our call today. Last year, we started down the path of making tangible and actionable changes to our business strategy and structure to position Fluor for long-term success. And as we look ahead now, driven by our talented workforce, we will continue to act with a sense of urgency to drive our business forward and deliver positive results to our clients and our shareholders. 
So we greatly appreciate your support of Fluor. Thank you.