Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today.
If you could please turn to Slide 3. Before we get started on operational results, one of the strategic priorities outlined during our Strategy Day was to foster a high-performance culture with purpose. And I'm pleased to announce that we have appointed Tolani Azeez, a 6-year Fluor employee with 20 years of EPC experience, to lead our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. Fluor is a vast and diverse company. And with Tolani's leadership, she will help us retain, attract and cultivate a workforce that represents the world in which we live and operate.
On a separate subject, please note that earlier this week, a favorable motion was granted as it relates to an outstanding securities class action lawsuit. This motion dismissed with prejudice all allegations, except those relating to a single statement in 2015 about 1 gas-fired power project. While no assurance can be given as to the ultimate outcome of this remaining allegation, we do not believe it is probable that a loss will be incurred.
Please turn to Slide 4. It's been great to see the vaccine rollout around the globe, and I'm particularly encouraged at the speed of distribution here in the United States. Although there are still many regional challenges to deal with, the end of the pandemic seems to be in sight, which will be a relief to all of us. Currently, well over 90% of our project sites and about 80% of our offices are operating at limited operations or better. One exception is our office in New Delhi, where a surge in COVID cases has caused local officials to issue a lockdown and curfew order effective until May 10.
The safety and well-being of all employees is our top priority. To help support our Delhi colleagues and families that are in medical need, we airlifted several oxygen concentrators from Houston. Our 1,500 New Delhi employees are all now working safely and productively from home.
In the first quarter, our book-to-bill ratio was 1.25, with new awards led by the Dos Bocas refinery program in our Energy Solutions group. While we continue to see softness in the markets when it comes to capital spending, we anticipate that awards will start to pick up as we get into the back half of 2021. And our teams are busy on front-end work and project pursuits that will help to build a healthy backlog over the next few years.
Note again that we are now reporting in line with our 3 new business segments: Energy Solutions, Urban Solutions and Mission Solutions. Additionally, Stork is now a part of discontinued operations. Joe will give an update on our divestitures of Stork and AMECO in just a few minutes.
Moving to Slide 5, with regard to NuScale. On April 5, we announced a $40 million equity contribution from JGC. We know JGC well, having executed projects with them for more than 10 years. They are an ideal partner that could support NuScale's industry-leading, carbon-free energy solution.
In addition, this morning, we announced that NuScale has retained Guggenheim Partners to explore financing options to fund the commercialization of NuScale's small modular reactor technology. This is consistent with the strategy announced in January to reduce Fluor's equity ownership of NuScale.
Regarding our cost savings initiative, efforts are now well underway to streamline the organization. We will be updating you on our progress as the year proceeds. Key to this program will be ensuring the deployment of world-class execution teams onto new prospects over the coming quarters, coupled with the proper level of fit-for-purpose, back-office support.
I'd like to take the next few minutes to inform you on what is happening across our end markets and what we expect to see over the next few quarters.
Please turn to Slide 6. In Energy Solutions, this quarter, our ICA Fluor joint venture was awarded 3 contracts totaling $2.8 billion for the Pemex Dos Bocas refinery in Mexico. We have a long and successful history of Pemex contracts, and we are pleased to be adding our $1.4 billion share of this refinery program to backlog.
During the quarter, a chemicals project was canceled. And as a result, we removed approximately $1 billion from backlog while slightly increasing Energy Solutions total backlog to $11.1 billion.
When we unveiled our strategy in January, there was a lot of interest in Fluor's energy transition opportunities supporting a reduced carbon future. Over the past few months, we've been in extensive conversations with clients about our energy transition capabilities. We are executing several carbon capture FEED and feasibility studies using our proprietary Econamine FG Plus technology.
Additionally, we are doing early work in the areas of refinery efficiency, gasification to produce carbon-negative energy, green hydrogen, renewable diesel, renewable jet fuel and energy storage. In each of these areas, we have identified projects and are continuing to pursue new opportunities as well.
I'd also like to provide a quick update on LNG Canada on Slide 7 of the presentation. I encourage all of you to check out the project website and social media channels to see our progress on the project. On site, we have completed all site preparation work. The Cedar Valley Lodge camp is filling up, pilings are in place. And overseas, modules are being constructed in the fab yards. We've been remobilizing craft workers on site and are currently at required staffing levels.
In 2021, the focus on site is completing the installation of underground cable and pipe as well as concrete foundations. This will allow the project team to go vertical and be positioned for the receipt of large equipment and the first modules, which are scheduled to arrive later this year.
COVID-19 and changes in law have impacted both engineering and material deliveries as well as the site's ability to mobilize workers due to public health orders. However, several opportunities are being jointly explored with the client to mitigate the COVID-19 and change in law impacts. We will keep you updated on the outcome of these discussions.
Moving to Urban Solutions on Slide 8. This segment is comprised of the infrastructure, mining and metals and advanced technologies and life sciences end markets. In infrastructure, we completed the handover for the 183 South highway project outside of Austin, just a few miles from the Oak Hill Parkway project we booked in 2020.
There is obviously a lot of interest and excitement with the proposed federal infrastructure plan. We think a long-term infrastructure bill would obviously be a good thing for the U.S. economy. In addition to providing needed funding for surface transportation improvements, it would enable state and local governments to better plan for future growth and capacity needs.
It's too soon to tell what impact the bill could have on Fluor, but we typically experience a 2- to 3-quarter lag between any new federal infrastructure spending and the release of construction and services RFPs within the states. Within our infrastructure-focused area of regional projects in selected states, we are tracking some key opportunities in Texas and North Carolina this year.
Please turn to Slide 9. Next, we remain confident in our mining and metals opportunities and prospects. We are currently completing FEED work that represents $20 billion of potential projects. And we see a robust pipeline of FEED and feasibility studies ahead of us. These projects will support an increasingly urbanized and electrified world that is driving the need for investment in minerals like copper and lithium. We have several large prospects in 2021 and expect awards throughout the year.
For our last group in Urban Solutions, we have a lot of positive momentum in advanced technologies and life sciences. As we briefly mentioned in February, in the first quarter, we won a significant EPCM biotech project in Europe. This award from Fujifilm is for a world-scale biologics drug substance manufacturing facility that will be used to produce a variety of treatments, including vaccines. As we have seen over the last 18 months, vaccine development is an integral part of our global economy. And facilities like this one will be essential going forward in protecting the population.
Finally, there's been a lot of news recently about the inability of semiconductor chip manufacturers to increase production to meet demand. While it will take several months for the supply chain to overcome this shortage, this is another area where we can leverage our advanced manufacturing capabilities. Currently, we are tracking several semiconductor prospects in the United States.
Moving to Mission Solutions on Slide 10. This quarter, our Fluor-led joint venture won an extension for the Portsmouth decontamination and decommissioning contract for the Department of Energy in Ohio. This reimbursable 12-month contract with two 6-month options is valued at $690 million. The DOE is a key long-term client. And we look forward to continuing our support at Portsmouth.
And finally, a few weeks ago, the federal government announced that it was -- would withdraw all troops from Afghanistan by September 11. Although uncertainty about the pace of withdrawal remains, Fluor expects to book an additional 3-month extension to LOGCAP IV in the second quarter that will allow us to further support the U.S. Army in Afghanistan until they are demobilized.
Before I turn the call over to Joe, I would be remiss if I didn't take the opportunity to acknowledge yesterday's retirement of Peter Fluor from the company's Board. Peter is the last of a long line of family members to serve the company since our founding in 1912. Joining the Board in 1984, he continued the Fluor family legacy of a commitment to excellence, integrity and ethics, always putting the safety and well-being of employees first and recognizing that teamwork is a key component of our success. On behalf of the entire company, I'd like to thank Peter for his outstanding service and wish him and his entire family much health and happiness going forward.
With that, I'll now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?

Thanks, Andy. I appreciate the question. It was a good quarter, obviously, for new awards across all 3 business segments, obviously, with the great award in Mexico with Pemex for 3 different packages totaling, as I said, $2.8 billion, $1.4 billion -- just over $1.4 billion our share and some good activity in Mission Solutions and the big Fuji biotech plant, which, like I said, is world-scale over in Denmark. And there'll be more where that came from as well down the road.
So yes, great to get started in the first quarter with those awards. I think you have to look at the book-to-bill in light of the lower revenue. I think because of the COVID impact on new awards in 2020 and the hangover in 2021 on revenue and the volumes, we couldn't push through on certain very large projects due to COVID. That pulled down that revenue lower than our planned number.
So I think that's the best way to look at it, that Q1 saw that good book-to-bill. But you can expect the revenues to be coming back up as we enter the second, third and fourth quarters. And then we'll probably get back to -- hopefully get back to that 1.0 book-to-bill at the end of the year, like we said in the last call. So that's how you should look at it. Thanks, Andy.

I'm going to ask Joe to comment on how that's going to flow through the year, Andy.

Steve, you're specifically talking about LNGC, I take it?

So we're working very closely with the clients on that and obviously have put all of our notifications in place for the impact on the project to date. And as we said before, we have a weekly meeting. A very complex topic, obviously, based on you've got 3 engineering offices, you've got a massive site in Canada, you've got a couple of fabrication yards and a number of suppliers and vendors supplying the project that all have to be -- it all has to be rolled into the discussions and the path forward that we're working on with the client.
I can tell you that it's a very good discussion, very positive, good working relationship with them on negotiations to put the COVID impact that took place in 2020 and into 2021, early '21 here, is what we're working on right now. And I guess what I can tell you is that discussions are going very well. And I would expect at least the first negotiation to be closed off -- impact to be closed off here in the relatively near term.

Yes. I think on supply chain, we're in very good shape on the project. We -- engineering is almost basically complete, I would say. And procurement is committed 93% of the equipment and materials. And subcontractors are also, I think, over 80% committed. So we know all that pricing for commodities and bulks and equipment and materials and subcontractors.
So there's not really not a lot of -- not a lot left on that front from an escalation perspective in the -- in some of the higher prices you're seeing in commodities and materials currently. So very comfortable on that front.
I think I can also comment on the Pemex refinery work. We're in a very good place there as well with respect to escalation. We've got -- we've been working for decades in Mexico with our joint venture partner on Pemex, on very large Pemex contracts, primarily in the energy space. And those are all following our stringent pursuit criteria. Open book process with the customer, and engineering and equipment costs were clearly understood and firm prior to converting those contracts. And for bulk materials, we negotiate with the customer that our price excludes any escalation in the -- actual escalation costs will be recovered through price adjustments.
So really good contracts down there as well as union agreements, that any revision to a labor agreement entitles us to a price adjustment. So we're really protecting ourselves well and following our strategic priority of fair and balanced contract terms as we talked about at Strategy Day.
Joe has got a comment.

It goes back on LNGC.

No, we are -- it's a great question. Thanks, Steven. Really focused on key account management with our sales executives and our wholesales operations technology teams that go to market for us. And so that's got a real externally -- we've got this external push on right now to get to a relationship-based -- we're relationship-based in many of our business lines. But across the board, we want to really push a relationship-based approach to our clients, and that's well underway. And we are definitely on offense. Our first strategic priority is to drive growth, right, across the business lines, including nontraditional oil and gas.
So I think that's the key area I've been spending a lot of time on. I think most of my time recently has been with the client base and talking with them about all of the expected CapEx, if you will, the taking the lid off post pandemic and the pent-up demand that's coming at us. So we really are working in all the growth markets we've talked about, in chemicals, in advanced technology, life sciences, in mining, obviously, and in infrastructure. So that's definitely -- the plan is to push that first strategic priority of driving growth.
We've got great prospects. I've talked last time about all of our FEED work -- FEED and study work in-house. We've got -- we're currently working on over 150 front-end design programs totaling over $110 billion in total installed cost. That's in-house right now, all early work, early phases, of course. And they don't all go to FID, but it gives you a good indication of how much front-end work is out there. And then we're chasing another about $140 billion in early front-end design and study work in '21 and 2022. So definitely on offense, Steven.

Thanks, Jamie. I'll have Joe answer the divestiture of Stork here and talk about valuations and, well, at least give us some thoughts on what we're seeing at Stork right now.
Yes. With commodity prices, what's iron ore? $200 a ton or something, right? Just one example. Copper also there, Brent oil. All these things are driving our clients in the right direction from our perspective. Like I said, I'm talking to a lot of chemical clients right now, a lot of downstream clients on traditional downstream work.
In addition to the energy transition that they've got to spend, they're starting to throw billions of dollars at energy transition. Obviously very early days, but we've got a lot of energy transition work in-house with them as well to look at how they might attack that challenge that we've all got to move to low-carbon future.
So -- but yes, I'd say chemicals, downstream, traditional, as you just saw in Mexico. There's more of that internationally for us. Life sciences and manufacturing definitely going to be picking up, based on the challenges with supply across that sector. And you've got infrastructure, obviously, where we're expecting to see a lot of growth.
So yes, green shoots definitely. If I look at those FEED package I just was talking about, chemicals features prominently. LNG is featuring prominently in front-end work for us and downstream. And then in addition, the ATLS and the mining front-end work is one of the standouts as well. So all...

Yes. It gets to the Ts and Cs there. Obviously, it plays in our favor to work towards fair and balanced terms with the right customers, and we are firmly on that track. I think the Pemex contracts that were signed were just a great example, where we improved our position there as well.
So I would say that we will be seeing those fair and balanced contract terms. And if not, then we'll go work on something else. That's just the way we're going forward. And with all this front-end work, there's no lack of prospects for us. It's not if but when the full FIDs on this CapEx is pulled -- is let go for us.
So we'll be very, very selective on our terms and conditions. But I do -- to your point, I do think we will be able to do better, based on the smaller pool of contractors out there that can bring full service right from these early solutions all the way -- to convert all the way into EPC, EPCM. So that's how we're seeing it. Joe?

Yes. It's -- thanks, Sean. Thanks for the question. When you just think about just straight prospects out there, the straight prospect list and the total TIC in revenue, we think about a -- probably a 30% to 40% win rate thereabouts historically on prospects. But this over-$20 billion work is actually in-house with front-end contracts in place. So obviously, it's much, much higher than that conversion rate because we're doing the work.
So it's more a matter of does the project get to full FID, based on the market, the internal rates of return for the client, the cost schedule CapEx and so on. So that's -- assuming that all goes forward, then we've got a very high likelihood of converting a lot of this work.
I'll just ask Joe if he's got any exact percentages. I don't think we track that exactly, but...

Yes. That's -- Sean, the way to think about that, if you've already got the Fluor in place on your project, you can have a much lower project life cycle cost if you convert into -- the FEED into the EPC, EPCM because you're shortening your schedule and getting to market sooner.
So that's a real obviously -- of value for the clients. And that's our -- going back to Strategy Day, that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to get front-end solutions with all of our customers, bring solutions to the table and then convert and continue on.

Yes. That was -- it was a low operating cash flow quarter. And Joe has got the...

Thanks, Mike. The HLS business is doing extremely well. Their offices are full of home office engineering talent doing lots of work around the world and actually bringing in personnel from other business lines to support them.
So they're very, very busy. And they're busy in data centers. They're busy in manufacturing. They're looking at quite a number of, as I mentioned earlier, semiconductor chip plants, primarily here in the United States, some massive facilities and then, obviously, life sciences, where they continue to make progress.
So their new awards will be spread across the -- across 2021 and just continuing to grow. I don't think we disclosed the exact prospect list or the expected new award values to you. But you can really look at it that way is that they're going to be picking up as you go through '21 and into '22.
So they're in very good space right now. And again, they're a faster book and burn as well. Their projects come up fairly quickly and burn fairly quickly. That's -- they don't have a lot of -- like mining and metals or energy, a lot of long-term projects. But they come up fast and they burn fast.
Do you want to add anything, Joe?

Yes. And people are starting to understand it. We've got great partners at the DOE. The DoD certainly get it, and the utilities are coming along. And it's very exciting times and not just in the U.S. but internationally. Canada obviously is a nuclear country, as is Japan and many others that we're getting a lot of incoming interest coming into NuScale and seeing how that, as I said, industry-leading technology because of its certification by the NRC, the only SMR, small modular reactor, to have that certification. So placed extremely well in the market and seeing just a lot of interest.
And we're pleased with the additional monies coming in, JGC, the $40 million that Joe talked about. We believe it's the appropriate time to explore how to unlock more value from NuScale for Fluor's shareholders. And we've got the Guggenheim engagement now that are going to be exploring opportunities to monetize the investment.
And as we said in January at the Strategy Day, our overarching goal is to start to monetize Fluor's investment in 2021. So we've got renewed interest from existing investors that we've got and new investors post the JGC announcement. So generating significant interest to come in and bring equity to commercialize -- support the commercialization, partners supporting engineering, procurement, fabrication and construction of the program.
And again, you couple that with Guggenheim driving financing options, all options are focused on monetizing Fluor's equity downward and driving shareholder value starting in 2021, to your timing question, and then take it from there. But it's early days with our -- with Guggenheim. And we're looking for good things to come. And a highly valued company in NuScale, based on their value proposition for carbon-free baseload energy.

Thank you, operator. And many thanks to all of you for participating on the call today. Today's results are beginning to show that Fluor is strategically shifting to align with our priorities outlined in January at our Strategy Day. Please stay safe. And hopefully, we'll be meeting in person relatively soon.
In the meantime, we appreciate your interest in Fluor Corporation. And thanks again for your time today. Thank you.