Thanks, Jason, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be talking with all of you again, and I'm pleased to report that with this morning's 10-Q filing, Fluor is now current with its financials. Our team around the world has worked tirelessly over the last several months to get us to this point, and we are proud and grateful for their diligence and hard work. And we look forward to speaking with the investment community on a more regular and consistent cadence going forward, and we thank you for your patience as we confronted the challenges of 2020.  
Moving to Slide 2. I'd like to start by providing an update on the effects of the pandemic on our operations, as well as discuss -- and as we'll discuss in greater detail, since we last spoke, we have been -- we have seen our projects continue to come back online and recover from the initial rounds of regulatory lockdowns and COVID cases. We are monitoring restrictions in various states and countries with rising cases, and we'll keep you updated on any major impacts to our business that we might see.  
Over 75% of our offices are open and operating at a reduced level of operations, with the remaining offices still closed. We can flex the level of personnel at our offices as local restrictions and community spread of the virus changes. Only about 7% of our projects are closed, with the rest operating at normal, intermediate or limited capacity. We continue to engage with our clients on how to proceed successfully and safely and have provided notices asserting our rights under change of law and force majeure provision. We remain committed to the health and safety of our employees and communities where we work, and we have launched new procedures, training and communications packages to help transition our people back to work safely and finish the year strong. We are proactively ensuring our people have the mental and physical support they need to remain resilient and keep our business moving forward.  
Despite the impact of COVID, we see a number of positive developments across the company. The majority of our projects have continued to safely and successfully progress in the field, and the projects we identified as problem projects last year have been holding through their revised cost forecast and schedule. There were no significant charges incurred in the third quarter. Before handing the call over to Joe for a financial update, I'd like to provide you a high-level outlook of what's going on in our various business segments and some specific project commentary. 
Turning to Slide 3 and Energy & Chemicals. The segment continues to make progress on executing its backlog in a pandemic-constrained environment. However, we continue to hear from a number of our oil and gas clients that they expect to have reduced capital spending plans over the next few years. We believe that our clients will focus on advantaged, high-value projects that can generate returns in a weak commodity price environment. While we do see a pipeline of projects, we will only pursue the ones that fit our revised criteria as we focus on delivering consistent profitability.  
On TCO, remobilization continues as the COVID situation in Tengiz and Western Kazakhstan has improved. We have successfully increased the project population to over 15,000 in Q3 and plan to remobilize the project to 20,000 by the end of 2020. As of today, we are at over 19,000.  
In October, the project completed the final sealift module delivery for the project, on plan. This represents a tremendous accomplishment during the current pandemic and eliminates a high-profile project risk. The Fluor-led JV is 98% complete with engineering and construction in Tengiz over 50% complete. Major construction activities include setting modules on foundations, completion of metering stations and continued completion of power and control scopes.  
In Kuwait, crude has started pumping to the Al-Zour refinery ahead of commissioning. When complete, this will be one of the world's largest oil refining facilities. 
Finally, our offshore project work continues, and we are still planning to complete the fabrication and pre-commissioning work in 2021. Ongoing COVID impacts and travel restrictions in China are hampering the progress, but mitigation actions are being taken.  
Now moving to Slide 4. Up in Kitimat, progress continues to be made on the LNG Canada project despite the ongoing challenges presented by the government-imposed restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our engineering deliverables are being produced in various global operating centers for the ISBL and OSBL scope to keep pace with our COVID-19-impacted schedules for the fabrication yards and construction site.  
The site activities are progressing while maintaining all COVID-19 recommended and required measures and mitigations. The site preparation and piling work for train 1 is complete, and train 2 is well underway. The module offloading facility, haul road and bridges required to transfer the modules to site will be ready in advance of receiving the first module in 2021. Pile capping, concrete foundations placement and paving has started for train 1. Though we continue to work on site, the priority continues to be the safety and well-being of our people. 
And now to Slide 5. Moving on to our Mining & Industrial segment. Given the ongoing pandemic and the commodity price fluctuations, we have seen a lot of the large mining projects we were expecting to be awarded in 2020 and 2021 get delayed. We are well positioned to win these projects when our clients are ready to proceed.  
Revenue and segment profit were negatively impacted as execution activities were deferred on a few large mining projects due to the COVID-19 pandemic. I am pleased to say that over the past month, we have started to see these projects be mobilized and expect to see revenues follow suit as they get fully back online.  
In our advanced technologies and life sciences business, we completed the Novo Nordisk project in North Carolina in third quarter. New awards for the quarter include a cell-based influenza vaccine manufacturing facility in Australia.  
Now turning to Slide 6. Infrastructure margins reflect execution on a few 0-margin projects in our backlog. However, we are continuing moving these projects forward and should start to see some relief in our margins as these projects wrap up later this year and into 2021.  
This quarter, our Infrastructure segment booked the Oak Hill Parkway highway project in Austin for the Texas Department of Transportation. This project is another example of our focus on the Texas infrastructure market and is a testament to the value that TxDOT places on our services.  
As we have previously discussed, in the third quarter, we terminated our contract with the Maryland Department of Transportation for the Purple Line project. This project has now been removed from our backlog. In November, the Maryland Department of Transportation reached a $250 million agreement in principle with the consortium to settle all of the consortium's outstanding claims. Although this agreement is subject to approval by the Maryland Board of Public Works, it will result in Fluor and its joint venture partners avoiding additional project costs.  
Turning to Slide 7. In Government, third quarter reflects the return to near-normal results driven by solid performance and active management of work levels despite the global pandemic compared to the second quarter. This was achieved across the Government group with the largest increases in Strategic Petroleum Reserve, Portsmouth and Savannah River.  
In Diversified Services, reduced business volumes as a result of COVID-19 continue to impact results in the third quarter. Over the past 2 months, we have started to see volumes increasing after lockdown restrictions lifted, especially in Europe and Latin America. In the third quarter, we also divested EQIN, Fluor's professional equipment rental business in Europe.  
And now moving to our Other segment in -- on Slide 8. This segment includes the fixed-price Radford and Warren projects that were previously part of the Government segment as well as our NuScale initiatives. The margin forecast for the Radford and Warren projects continue to remain relatively flat. The Radford project is nearly complete with on-site teams rapidly working off punch list items. The water trials have been successful, and the project has made substantial progress in turning over subsystems to the client. Full turnover of all systems and effective site demobilization is expected early next year.  
Warren has had an effective construction campaign through the summer and fall weather window, overcoming early design complications and making substantial progress with early structural work. The project successfully negotiated an extension of time order with the client, mitigating risk of schedule damages. To date, impacts from COVID have been relatively modest, and schedule impacts have been effectively mitigated.  
In August, we announced that NuScale received final design certification by the NRC. This approval establishes NuScale as the preeminent leader in the small modular reactor technology market and allows Fluor to respond to customers looking for unique, flexible, safe and carbon-free energy solutions. Since that approval, we have seen an increase in interest from potential customers, capital investors, manufacturers and supply chain partners to move forward in our development efforts. Fluor is pleased to support NuScale's efforts in creating a carbon-free power solution, and we look forward to discussing our opportunities in the near future.  
And now I'll turn the call over to Joe to provide a financial update. Joe?

Thanks for that question, Andy. Actually, obviously, the clients understand that COVID is impacting our projects. And generally speaking, we are negotiating with the clients on the effects of the COVID impacts both as to schedule and as to cost, and I think that the discussions are very collaborative for the most part.  
There is no question that there will be compensation to the contractor for impacts beyond our control, and we're in process of resolving some of those to this point in time. The problem is that, obviously, we don't know what the final COVID impact is going to be until we get past the pandemic. But we're engaged in some discussions right now with clients to resolve them to this point and then reserve the right to further negotiate, down the road, additional impacts.

Yes. Actually, we viewed a number of prospects in the mining area as we have a process that's very disciplined about how we decide on whether to bid a project or not to bid a project and then what to submit as the proposal. We are seeing -- we're going through those process on a number of projects in mining and have been for the last several months. 
So yes, I'm optimistic that mining will actually begin to resurface as a major activity area for us. As we -- as the world becomes more electrified and copper becomes more necessary, I expect that we will be seeing copper and gold projects coming up, and we are in the premier position to execute those projects.

Jamie, with respect to your other question -- second question, we have been talking to customers really all along during this pandemic. And so we're very close to them. They know where we're coming from, and I don't expect that our strategy -- they're not waiting for our strategy to be announced to go forward on projects with us. I think they are very comfortable. Especially, our oil and gas customers are very much -- expressed to us very much the desire for us to be available to them as a contractor that can execute their large capital projects.

Well, in terms of earnings, we're on plan. In terms of cash, we're on plan as well. In terms of cash that we're going to spend, go ahead and answer.

Yes. Overall...

Okay. We're very pleased with the execution of all of our projects, given what we took over in May of '19. So we have been focusing on execution as we said back then, and it paid 
dividends.

Thank you. Likewise.

Yes. I think it varies by business segment. With respect to oil and gas, obviously, oil prices are a big part factor there. In terms of mining, commodity prices somewhat but also COVID has impacted mining business maybe more than some of the other businesses. The other businesses: life science is going very well; ATLS is going very well; Government, well. So we expect to see growth in Government, ATLS and even mining as we proceed into next year. 
In terms of the backlog, we're going to -- where are we now today, Joe, at 15 -- well, 20...

22. We're burning some of that backlog. Obviously, we're not replacing the entire backlog, but we're replacing it. 
We're -- the backlog we're taking in -- and this is really an important point. The backlog that we're taking in is very, very much based on the discipline that we've established early on in 2019. So we're not taking in bad projects. And so this backlog will decline somewhat, but it will be good backlog.

I don't have the percentages but I can -- Joe, could you?

One more point on that, Steve. Obviously, the termination of the Purple Line project has been a very favorable development for us because that's a large project, that's a legacy project. And we'll be able to exit that project and avoid any future risks and costs there.

Yes. Thanks for that question. I think the way it probably will play out in LNGC is we'll probably have a partial resolution with respect to the impacts to date. And then later on when we're in a position to assess additional impacts, we'll negotiate that. Like I said before, it's not something we can negotiate once because situation of the effects are pretty lengthy. 
And just a point of clarification, it's not just a force majeure claim, it's something we call change of law because many of the impacts are a result of government-directed lockdowns. So it's both of those decisions that give us the basis for resolution.

Thank you, Jerry.

We can -- go ahead.

Mike, thank you.

Sure. Well, in Energy & Chemicals, we didn't specifically mention this today but I want to mention now, the chemicals business is still a very steady business for us. And we don't expect to see a decline there. In the Energy & Chemicals business -- I mean the oil and gas business, we've talked about the discipline that our clients are going to demonstrate. So we expect that that's going to be a challenging area for a little while. 
But with respect to Government, we are very well positioned in the DOE space. For example, we've got -- we won a number of projects. Some of those are being challenged, being protested, but we feel pretty good about our position on those. And we see continued opportunities in the Government space. 
And that's also true in the advanced technologies and life sciences, where we're actually working on some COVID-related facilities as well as other pharmaceutical type of projects. That is an area that we anticipate will have lots of opportunities for us as well. And again, we've mentioned -- we mentioned mining. I think mining may be a little bit later coming up, but we're very bullish on mining as well. 
Infrastructure, we've refined our -- that we're going to restrict our bidding to jurisdictions where the Department of Transportation executes projects or advances projects in a way that's fair to us and to contractors in general, and we've been successful. And Texas is certainly one of those, and there are several other states that we've mentioned in the past where we've been able to complete projects successfully for both the client and for us.

There's lots going on there, but I'm going to let Alan take that one.

Yes. I'll take that. In terms of COVID, obviously, the fixed-price projects are the ones that we have COVID impacts that are being negotiated with the client. I don't think any client is denying entitlements, but clients obviously will negotiate with us in terms of the amount and as to scheduling cost. 
So it's still -- we're working with the clients on some of these projects and have already reached some preliminary resolutions, which are favorable. But we still have a number of them to be resolved. And it's hard to resolve them because the impacts are still ongoing, in some cases -- in many cases. So I can't tell you the magnitude, but I can tell you that it's obviously recognized cost and schedule impacts that we're working with the clients to address in an equitable way.

Thank you, operator, and thanks to all of you for participating on our call today. This is my last time speaking with you as CEO of Fluor. The challenges the company has faced over the last 18 months from project write-downs and internal investigation to a global pandemic have been truly extraordinary. 
I want to thank all of our stakeholders, our shareholders, our clients, our partners and of course, our 45,000 employees, for sticking with us through this process. I strongly believe I'm leaving the company stronger and more resilient than when I was named CEO in May of 2019. As an investor, I look forward to seeing great things in Fluor's future. 
In the meantime, I've been working closely with David to ensure a smooth transition. I've known David for many years, and he brings a unique combination of deep insight into Fluor and an outsider's perspective. He truly knows our company inside and out, and I wish him all the best in his role. 
We greatly appreciate your support of Fluor. Thank you.