Well, thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. 
Before we get started on operational results, I want to start by sharing an update on our community relations activities that reinforce our purpose of building a better world. Please turn to Slide 4. 
As part of our Science Technology Engineering Math, or STEM education giving priority, in the first 4 months of 2022, we helped inspire and raise awareness of the importance of STEM-based careers to more than 23,000 students. Also, part of our Fluor legacy is about giving and volunteering, which we accomplished through our Fluor Cares program. Our program connects employees to millions of charitable causes around the world. Recent charitable contributions include South African flood relief efforts and Ukraine humanitarian support. 
More specifically, with respect to Ukraine, I'd like to address the ongoing crisis in Eastern Europe. We share deep concern and empathy for the people of Ukraine and all of those who have been affected by the conflict. We've also made the decision not to pursue new work in Russia and we are working with our clients to evaluate and determine the appropriate path forward to wind down current projects and cease all operations in Russia. Along with many voices around the world, we fully support a swift resolution to this crisis. 
Q1 new awards for the quarter were $1.9 billion, in line with our expectations. Starting in Q2, I'm pleased to say that we are seeing significant improvement in optimism and momentum from clients that will drive a significant upswing in new awards over the balance of 2022. 
Now please turn to Slide 6. Urban Solutions reported segment profit of $15 million for the first quarter. Results for the quarter reflect the impact of cost growth on an advanced manufacturing project that is now complete and the timing associated with the closing of a P3 transaction. Looking ahead, the outlook for this segment is increasingly positive as they are on the cusp of some sizable new awards over the next few quarters. 
In Mining and Metals, Fluor is currently working on limited notices to proceed for 2 projects in South America. If you include other prospects in the near term, these opportunities represent over $6 billion in new work. In addition, we continue to see our Mining and Metals Group actively support energy transition efforts. In the first quarter, we reached an agreement to be the program and EPC management partner on an industry-leading decarbonization program for a steel company in Europe and Canada. We also see over $1 billion in potential awards for a rare earth refinery in Australia and a lithium mine in the United States. 
Moving to Infrastructure on Slide 7. We continue our focus on executing the current slate of road and bridge projects in our portfolio. The Gordie Howe project is now over 30% complete. And during the quarter, the tower leaks were successfully completed and construction of the pylon head has begun. When finished, the 2 peers will top out at 722 feet. 
On our LAX Automated People Mover project, the fourth of 6 pedestrian bridge structures were placed, and the 2.25-mile elevated train guideway structure has been completed. The project recently had passed the 60% completion mark. 
Another milestone in infrastructure was the handover of the Union Square branch on the Green Line extension project in Boston. Construction on the Green Line project is anticipated to be complete by the end of Q2. Looking ahead, we remain focused on regional road and bridgework and are optimistic that federal infrastructure funding will support future opportunities. 
Please turn to Slide 8. Our Advanced Technologies and Life Sciences business is also off to a good start this year. As we discussed last quarter, there continues to be a groundswell of interest in onshoring semiconductor manufacturing capacity as well as the continued expansion of data centers around the world. We are currently executing multiple projects for Intel, and are actively engaged in discussions regarding a handful of near-term multibillion-dollar opportunities to build new facilities. Additionally, we have mobilized on several new data center projects in Asia that were awarded to us in the first quarter. 
In Life Sciences, last year, we were awarded a contract for a large-scale biologics manufacturing facility in Europe for Fuji Film. As a result of our efforts to date on this project, we are looking at additional expansion opportunities with this client. We are seeing these repeat engagements also play out with a pharmaceutical company that is looking to build additional facilities in the United States. 
Now turn with me to Slide 10. Mission Solutions reported segment profit of $58 million for the first quarter. This higher-than-anticipated result was primarily driven by the favorable resolution of a 2017 U.S. Army Corps of Engineers project in Puerto Rico. During the quarter, we received a 6-month extension from the Department of Energy for our project in Portsmouth, Ohio and a 2-year extension on a classified project that supports the intelligence community. The outlook for Mission Solutions is increasingly robust. 
Starting with Pantex Y12, we wait further information from the NNSA as they assess the contract award. Although Fluor was awarded this $28 billion contract in the fourth quarter of 2021, the initial $14 billion 5-year base period will not be reflected in our backlog until the NNSA completes its assessment. Presuming a favorable outcome, we anticipate transitioning on to this project later this year. 
In addition to the positive future impact of Pantex Y12, we see a strong slate of renewals, recompete projects and new work. I'm very pleased with the direction of Mission Solutions and remain confident that they will have significant success this year. 
Moving to Energy Solutions, please turn to Slide 12. Segment profit of $54 million reflected increased execution activities on projects in North America and a reduction in overhead costs. New awards for the quarter included a reimbursable self-performed construction contract for a chemical facility in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Energy Solutions also received a full notice to proceed contract for the NFE FAST LNG Project. This reimbursable contract is for the construction of a modular mid-scale facility offshore of the U.S. Gulf Coast. 
The overall market in energy has changed in recent months, with countries and clients assessing capital allocation needs to support energy security and energy transition. Although oil prices have drastically increased the last few months, our clients are showing CapEx discipline and are being cautious in their assessment of long-term oil prices. Significant prospects for the remainder of the year include a large international petrochemical facility and additional refinery work in Mexico. 
Now turning to Slide 13. As I mentioned on our last call, energy transition continues to make steady progress across our end markets. Notable ongoing work includes a carbon capture and sequestration project in North Dakota, ongoing work to support various clients in their efforts to decarbonize facilities and a lithium hydroxide monohydrate plant in China. 
LNG Canada continued to make progress during the quarter and is now over 60% complete. The project continues to advance with the delivery of 24 modules in the first quarter and an additional 16 modules so far in Q2. Deliveries in the quarter included the first ISBL module for Train #1. This impressive structure measures 115 feet in height and weighs over 5,000 tons. We continue to track and assess COVID-related impacts across the project and are implementing mitigation measures in coordination with the client to minimize impacts. 
Moving to Slide 15, and new scale. There's been quite a bit of interest and excitement in NuScale over the past quarter. Let's start with the big news that happened over the past week. Spring Valley shareholders approved the business combination with NuScale, which is now traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker SMR. The interest in the future of zero-carbon power generation was quite evident as demonstrated by a redemption rate, which came in at a low 37.5%, significantly lower than the average first quarter SPAC redemption rate of 84%. Fluor now owns 57% of the new listed company and we are excited to see the surge in investor interest for both Fluor and NuScale. 
Notably, Fluor and NuScale were the only consortium to follow through on its DOE partnership and deliver not only an NRC certification, but a broad coalition of investors to support commercialization. Tuesday's listing was another milestone on this important green energy path. 
In addition, NuScale had a very active start to 2022. Some of the more notable accomplishments include: firstly, the expansion of the pipe investment. The final amount was $235 million, with $55 million added since the December SPAC announcement; second, as of May 2, NuScale's combined cash on hand is approximately $380 million; third, an MOU was signed with Dairyland Power Cooperative in Wisconsin to evaluate NuScale's small modular reactor technology; fourth, a collaboration agreement with the U.S. Reactor Forging Consortium was signed to support commercialization of NuScale power modules. 
And last week, Doosan Enerbility and NuScale Power finalized an agreement to start SMR production. Doosan is set to begin manufacturing of SMRs for our UAMPS project. They will start manufacturing large forged materials used for SMR manufacturing in 2022 and we'll get into full-scale manufacturing of SMR equipment in the second half of 2023. 
And finally, on April 4, Fluor announced the Japan Bank for International Cooperation through Japan NuScale Innovation LLC, purchased a preferred equity position in NuScale Power, generating $110 million for Fluor. 
Before I turn the call over to Joe, let me touch on the 2024 guidance we announced on Strategy Day a little over a year ago. I'm very pleased with the quality of new award bookings. As mentioned last quarter, our bookings were 120 basis points above our gross margin plan. In this quarter, we were 470 points above our expectations. I remain confident that the '24 guidance of $2.50 to $2.90 per share set last year is achievable. 
And now I'll turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?

Yes, we're very pleased with -- if you're going to beat your margin plan, it's nice to do it in the first quarter. And beating it by 470 basis points certainly sets us up well for the year and for our guidance for the year. 
I think that's the takeaway there, is that the margins were extremely strong and that it will be burning this year and next. So we continue to see really good deal shaping through the business segments, allowing us to realize those as-sold margins and convert those into actual margins with strong execution. 
So I think that's the point there and sets up the '22 plan. The pipeline is very strong through '22. It is, obviously, the strongest I've seen since being here, and it's broad-based, Mike. It's through our government Mission Solutions business in DOE. And obviously, in ATLS, we've talked about quite a bit when you think about the data centers and semiconductor facilities that are right in front of us. 
Mining, as I said, has over $6 billion in new awards coming up in the very near term. Energy Solutions, seeing good traction in chemicals and in energy transition, in general, coming on strong. But also traditional oil and gas, if you look at the CapEx numbers for our big customers in traditional oil and gas, their CapEx numbers are continuing to increase. And with the new landscape in energy and energy security and energy challenges in Europe, a lot of work going on there. So I'm very pleased on margins and the pipeline that we're looking at right now across our business lines.

Yes, it's a little hard to hear you, Mike, but I think you're asking about the state of the semiconductor business for Fluor, but also -- and on the construction side and how the competition is shaping up.

Okay. So yes, it's exciting times, right? And we think we're in a very good position with a couple of the key manufacturers that are coming on strong in the U.S. I'm sure you know who they are. And we've been working with one of the key manufacturers for over 4 years now. So I think we've got a leg up on the competition from that standpoint. Some are just getting into the business right now. 
We've been working with the Intels and Samsungs of the world chair more recently and have a good history and good experience in the locations they're considering in the U.S. We've got a great delivery model. We understand the environment, the union environment, the self-performing capability that we bring to the table, but also the off-site modular manufacturing playbook that we'll be implementing. 
We've got good discussions ongoing there. These are massive facilities, as you know, up to $20 billion on one site, multibillion dollars on another. So I think from that standpoint, we're bringing our mega-project experience to bear our cleanroom experience. We've got 4 years -- over 4 years of cleanroom experience that are directly applicable to these types of facilities. 
And so cost certainty -- they're looking for cost certainty, speed. And we feel that with our offering, we really do have a good opportunity, a leg up, if you will, on the competition, not only on the design side with our modeling expertise, but also through into construction and tool installation. We can bring that to the party as well and improve the schedule even further. So lots of good things happening on the semiconductor front.

Joe, I'll have to turn that one to you.

Thanks, Andy. Yes. As I said in the prepared remarks, LNG Canada's project is coming along nicely. I think I said over 60%, I think it's 64%, 65% complete right now. And at the 2 fab yards, the key fab yards at COOEC and CFHI, COOEC-Fluor Heavy Industries, seen good progress on the modules coming out of China. 
I've mentioned before, there's 215 modules that we need to get to site from various yards. If you add it all up, with fourth quarter and first quarter of '22 and the modules we brought over to date in Q2, we've got 59 modules over on -- up in Kitimat that have been delivered. 
And so full second quarter should take us up to 92 modules of the 215 at the end of Q2. So I think that gives you a good indication that things are starting to move. And of course, we've -- we continue to monitor the sites and ensure that COVID impacts are kept to a minimum. We have had some challenges getting some of our expats into the country, obviously, which is to be expected with the lockdown situation over there. But as far as physical progress, the fab yards continue to see good progress. 
On Phase 2, obviously, with everything that's happening in the world, I would venture to say that the customer at LNGC would be looking to install Train 3 and 4. I think they've actually mentioned that in their earnings call as well. So that's a very good chance of moving forward on 3 and 4. I think, again, from their perspective, that's what I've heard. And of course, we'd be very interested in continuing. 
I think we will bring a lot of efficiency and cost-effectiveness schedule certainty to Train 3 and 4 based on our knowledge and our experience and local capabilities and interactions with the community up there and the customer relationships. 
So yes, more to come on that, but we stand ready to support on Train 3 and 4 as well.

Yes, the -- as far as new awards go, we talked last quarter, Jamie, about where are we at in the trough as far as -- we're at the -- at an inflection point on backlog and new awards coming. I think that's clearly the case from what Joe and I are seeing in Q2, Q3 and Q4 in the sales forecast. 
So again, it's fairly broad-based. As I said, we had really good margins in Q1, obviously well above plan. And that's what we really need to be focusing on is that healthy backlog to burn here this year. So that gives -- that's the confidence that I have, in addition to coupling up with the Q2 awards. The prospects are, again, broad-based through chemicals. Another big job in -- with ICA Fluor. We've got LNG kicking in as well. In 2Q, some more work there on the mid-scale facilities. Mining, big aluminum job, copper over in Asia. Big release in -- for mining in South America in Q2, and then really nice awards for the DOE intelligence community and Department of Defense. 
So again, broad-based. It continues into chemicals in Q3 and Q4 and also energy transition and renewable fuels. So obviously, that is coupled with all the semiconductor work and pharma work that we expect to see in the second half as well. So I think from -- again, from my standpoint, very exciting to see the prospect pipeline like it is in 2022. Joe?

Yes. On the energy front, Jamie, very -- I'm also very pleased that we stayed very well stuck into our traditional oil and gas history and able to be there for our energy clients going forward with all the CapEx plans that they have in. 
In traditional oil and gas, petrochemicals and LNG obviously, we'll really start picking up pace as you may have heard on many of the energy client first quarter calls here recently. The CapEx is quite something. If you add up the CapEx, of just the majors, it's north of $120 billion for this year, just with Chevron, Exxon, BP and Shell. And then that jumps up a little higher in '23. 
So lots, to say, gray silver, but again, very happy that we are right in the middle and a preeminent player in the traditional oil and gas industry.

Yes. Thanks for the question. And like I said, it really is a turning point, but I'll let Joe give some color on it.

So again, thanks, Steve, for the question. We're seeing a lot of sizable work in the next few quarters for mining, right? And so no, it's not just Pantex here. It's -- again, it's broad-based, as I told Jamie across our business segments, but mining is -- they've got 2 very large projects that they're working on limited notices to proceed. So those should drop in the very near term. 
And then 3 others that one in -- I guess, one in the U.S. in a couple of international projects that get you up to that $6 billion number for mining. And then we've got another $1 billion down in Australia on a rare earth refinery, like I said. So mining has a lot of work in front of it, and the awards should be Q2, Q3, Q4 spread across those quarters.

Well, thanks for that question. And we are fortunately seeing deals shaping play into our negotiations and the ability for us to balance the risk profile. We've got a very stringent and selective criteria process. We continue to follow that ensures that the risk is with the right party in the contract. 
So I'm seeing good terms and conditions that we've been able to negotiate. And in addition to that, we're seeing that we're able to -- if clients are looking for some fixed price, some hybrid lump sum work, that we will go to a negotiated model, where it's not in competition. And it's where we will convert these projects well along into their project life. 
So that allows us to mitigate the risk profile on the back end and through having engineering well along having vendor data in having solid quotes from our vendors and suppliers before full conversion as you're in the field, and you've obviously got a nailed down construction labor rates and productivity. 
But that's what we're seeing across -- talk about a lot of different contracts, obviously. But generally speaking, it feels like we're in a better place with such high demand for -- with all the CapEx spend out there and such high demand for talent and resources and services companies that, that allows us to drive those fair and balanced terms, which is one of our key strategic priorities as we talked about in the past. So we continue to focus on that and protect the company.

So that's the -- that would obviously be the goal is to get these large LNG projects to a place where the customer is not spending inordinate amounts of contingency to cover risk. Some of these LNG projects are in very interesting places around the world, and the risks that come along with that are very difficult to nail down. 
So again, moving to a hybrid lump sum, where we can obviously look at fixing our services or engineering procurement services, indirect field staff and things of that nature, and then work together with the customer to reduce risk in a collaborative fashion and to talk it that way with, like I said, a potential conversion late in the project or put allowances in for certain line items in the estimate rather than naming exact fixed price.

Thank you, operator. Many thanks to all of you for participating on the call today. Today's results represent another good milestone as we continue to build a better organization here so that we can, in turn, build a better future for our clients and our employees and all of our stakeholders, right? So we appreciate your interest in Fluor Corporation, and thank you again for your time today. Stay safe. Thanks.