Thanks, Alan. I'm pleased to take this opportunity and look forward to working with all of you. I also want to thank everyone for joining us on such short notice. Given the events that have transpired, we thought it was prudent to move up the earnings call before our earnings meeting this morning -- our shareholders' meeting this morning, rather.
I want to start by addressing the announced charges incurred in the quarter.  Needless to say, we are very disappointed with these results.
Please turn to Slide 3. In Energy & Chemicals, results for the quarter include an additional project adjustment of $53 million relating to an offshore project. After a complete deep dive and reestimate of the project, it was determined that the unique features of the FPSO created the need for our engineering team to redesign certain elements of the project and ultimately repurchase certain components.
A forecast revision reflects the redesign required as a result of client input and detailed engineering reviews and the subsequent impact on material quantities, equipment specifications and construction schedule. Our client has been extremely supportive and is collaboratively working with the project team as we work through these challenges. I want to also point out that the client is in the process of providing additional financial support.
In this segment, we also recorded a $31 million charge in connection with the resolution of final closeout matters with a customer. We expect this charge will fully resolve all matters with the customer and no additional expenses will be taken.
In the Mining, Industrial, Infrastructure & Power segment, we experienced a $26 million in additional costs related to the punch list items for our legacy gas-fired power business. Closeout efforts of the plant in Florida have been hampered by ongoing disputes with the client.
Please turn to Slide 5 for a review of our segment and market outlook. Starting with Energy & Chemicals. We're off to a good start on the LNG Canada project. Our team in Kitimat just completed the site preparation, and our project management team in Calgary is working on detailed engineering and is engaged with our joint venture partner, JGC, on executing our modularization strategy. Additionally, we have submitted our FEED proposal to build the next trains 3 and 4 and anticipate a contract award towards the end of this year. While we're making progress, it's important to note that revenue contributions for this project will be relatively modest until construction starts to ramp up in 2020.
Before I move away from LNG, we continue to be well positioned for this investment cycle. We have submitted our bid for the Mozambique Rovuma project and the NextDecade Rio Grande LNG project. We expect both clients to reach final investment decisions in the second half of the year.
During the quarter, we successfully completed the Sasol ethane cracker in Louisiana. The Sasol project was the last project completed in the first wave of crackers that started earlier this decade. Right now we are positioning for new cracker opportunities, including recent awards to develop certain FEED packages for the upcoming Sunshine-Formosa project and the feasibility study for a large petrochemical project for BASF in Asia.
New awards were $1 billion for the quarter as expected. Our major award in the quarter was for the Wanhua Chemical complex in Louisiana. Looking forward, in addition to the FID decision on the LNG bids I discussed -- I just discussed, we also expect to see an award for the South Louisiana Methanol project this quarter and an award for the Lake Charles Methanol facility later this year.
Turning to Slide 6. In the Mining, Industrial, Infrastructure & Power segment, new awards for the quarter were $1.3 billion and included the Red and Purple Line Modernization Project for the Chicago Transit Authority. This award builds off of our experience in light rail, including our current projects in Boston and Maryland and our recent completion of the third and final line for the Denver commuter rail project.
In March, we announced that we broke ground on the Los Angeles International Airport Automated People Mover project. This project is scheduled to be completed in 2023 and will be a great enhancement to the city of Los Angeles ahead of the 2028 Olympic Games. We continue to track additional infrastructure projects, including the I-635 project here in Dallas and the Oak Hill Parkway project outside of Austin.
In mining and metals, we're seeing solid execution for projects that were awarded in 2018. We're working on a number of FEED and feasibility studies that have the potential to translate into over $10 billion of new awards starting in 2020. Future EPC awards could include copper, bauxite, gold, diamond and lithium.
Turning to Slide 7. Results for the government segment are in line with the expectations and new awards of $331 million. The quarter-over-quarter comparison of results for this segment is a bit distorted by the significant amount of Puerto Rico power restoration work that contributed to Q1 2018 results.
In April, we were informed by the U.S. Army that we were successful on winning the LOGCAP V award for AFRICOM. We're currently supporting 15 bases for this combatant command, and we see the center of gravity shifting to this region. While we are pleased to continue our efforts in AFRICOM, we are disappointed in not being selected as the incumbent for the Afghanistan region. As with any contract of this complexity, this transition will take some extended time. We do not anticipate a material change in our execution plan for 2019.
Turning to Slide 8. In Diversified Services, results for the quarter reflect the completion of certain large projects in our AMECO equipment business line. New awards of $810 million include a significant award for maintenance and outage services in our power services business.
I'll now turn the call over to Bruce to give some financial highlights for the quarter. Bruce?

Yes, Jamie.

Jamie, let me answer the other part of your question about whether we've done a full scrub of all of our projects. And let me just say that our focus, our renewed and enhanced focus, is going to be on operations. We're going to have our fingers on the projects. We're going to have our thumb on the pulse of every project, and that will be a company-wide area of focus. We -- I've been receiving reports on the offshore project on some of the gas-fired power projects that are finishing up now for some time. We have dedicated special resources to both of those projects.
And this morning, we will begin to review with the management team all the projects that we have concerns about, which are not very many. You must remember that 97-plus percent of our projects are all performing very well. We have just a couple of projects that have been challenging for us for a variety of reasons. We're going to -- and the project execution improvement begins with the project pursuit process, the estimation, the contraction -- the contracting, the staffing and the oversee -- overseeing of those projects. And that will be management's primary focus so that we can deliver more consistent results.

LNG Canada is getting off to a good start, and we have a dedicated management team that sits on the Board of that business, of that significant project and very much involved with everything that's going on there. So we're feeling very good about that project at this point.

Yes, the gas-fired power projects, we will be -- we'll have those projects behind us by early summer. We still have some ongoing issues with our client, and those will probably linger for a while, although we are engaged and plan to be engaged in conversations with the client in that regard and hopefully we can resolve those on a commercial basis.
With respect to the offshore project, I think last quarter, I believe we reported that we were close to 50% complete. The way we have -- we analyze that project when we look at it in various ways and the percent complete varies depending on how we look at it. And it's really not as relevant right now because we've got certain milestones that we have to hit. We're working with our fabricator closely and with the client. So while we've had challenges, I think we're on the path to ride that ship and deliver a project, as we usually do to our client, that will be productive and make the client very satisfied with our performance.
And I believe you had one other question. What was that? Oh, do we have any other projects? We don't have any other projects. We look at projects, as you know, every quarter. We do a scrub every quarter where we are on each project, and we report those where we have an issue or not. And those are the only -- that's the only project we had an issue this quarter. Obviously, we had some issues with a couple of the legacy projects. But at this point, we feel pretty good about where we are with our backlog.

Thank you, Michael.

Yes, let me add something to that, Tahira. As you know, we've spoken quite a bit about our AI capabilities in connection with developing predictive models of performance on projects. We're also -- and this has been a developing technology that we've had for some time. And we're also using this not just during the project execution, but in the project bidding and pricing phase. And I think that's going to give us a significant advantage, and it's going to give us a greater certainty in terms of our development of our bids.

I think it's more about implementation. We've invested a significant amount over the last 5 years, and now we're at the point where we're actually seeing the results of that investment. And the data that we're deriving from the use of that tool is remarkably accurate, we think, and it's actually confirming a lot of what we do without the technology. But it's going to become standard procedure for most of our projects.

Well, with respect -- let me speak to with respect to the offshore project which we mentioned. That's a project where there have been -- certain engineering requirements have actually changed along the way and have surprised both the owner and us. And so it's required some reengineering, and that's the primary reason for the delays and the extra costs there. If you look back at some of the power -- gas-fired power projects, that was a little bit different. That was a very competitive market. We probably were more aggressive than we should have been in bidding those projects.
And so everything have to go absolutely right, and in some -- couple of those projects, they did not. But I don't think there's necessarily an explanation for -- one single explanation for every project. The execution of a project is obviously a complex process, and I mentioned earlier all the steps that go into a successful project. And we have to be rigorous in the application of our discipline, and that's what we're going to be doing.

Well, there is -- I want to ask -- I'm going to ask Jose, who's our head of -- Jose Bustamante, who's the head of our sales, to address that point from his perspective.

I mean that's a very good point. I think one of the things that we have to do is we have to be rational about the amount of risk that a contractor can take versus the amount of risk that a client can take. And sometimes that may have become out of balance a little bit, and that's something that we're going to bring back in our relationships with our clients to try to balance that risk appropriately.

Thank you. Thank you, operator, and thanks to all of you for participating on our call today. We greatly appreciate your support of Fluor. Thanks again. Talk to you soon.