Thanks, Jason. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I understand that most of you probably have a better view out your window than we have, so I hope you're enjoying South Florida. I'd like to start by discussing what we are seeing in the markets that we serve and what we expect to deliver to shareholders in 2019.
If you'll turn to Slide 3, we can discuss a few milestones from 2018. We ended 2018 with a robust $40 billion backlog with new awards more than doubling to just under $28 billion. Fluor was able to capture the upturn of the commodities market with a number of significant mining and Energy & Chemical awards, including chemical and refining work in the United States, iron ore expansion in Australia and copper projects in Latin America. Our most significant award of 2018 and one of the largest in Fluor's history was the $8.4 billion LNG Canada project we booked in the fourth quarter. This award represents our largest project to fully utilize the investments in data analytics and our comprehensive integrated solutions model. We expect revenues contributions from this project to be relatively modest in 2019 as we begin engineering. Revenue will start to accelerate next year as we start to release the module designs to our fabrication yards. I had a review of that project yesterday in Calgary. 
Turning to Slide 4, our infrastructure group continues to focus on and win projects that align with our core expertise of large rail, bridge and highway programs. This includes the Gordie Howe International Bridge, the LA People Mover and the Boston Green Line Rail extension project. We also successfully opened the Tappan Zee bridge replacement project to traffic late last year. 
2018 was a banner year for our Government group. We completed our power restoration work in Puerto Rico and also received contract extensions from the Department of Energy on our decontamination and decommissioning work at Portsmouth and our management and operating contract for the strategic petroleum reserve. 
And finally, our Diversified Services group had a solid year with Stork winning new technical support and operations and maintenance contracts for clients that include Shell, Ecopetrol and Chrysador.
Turn to Slide 5, please. I want to talk about 2019, and some of the key things we expect to see. As we discussed during our Investor Day a few months ago, we have seen a significant shift in contracting structure with clients seeking to execute EPC projects under a fixed price or hybrid pricing structure. Fluor has responded by developing a project governance and integrated solutions offering to appropriately manage Fluor's risk profile while meeting the capital efficiency demands of our clients and limiting project issues. Additionally, we're beginning to -- being increasingly selective in pursuing projects we can execute profitability with a high degree of certainty. Stated another way, our growth strategy is not predicated on pursuing new awards outside of that risk profile. We have reason to be optimistic about the year ahead and beyond. With the current strength of the global economy, operators are moving forward with higher, long-term projects, which play directly into Fluor's strengths. We have a robust slate of prospects that we feel we are in a good position to win over the course of this and next year. 
In Energy & Chemicals, we are attracting some exciting opportunities. And in fact, 2019 is off to a great start in our first quarter booking of -- one was a new chemical plant complex in Louisiana. We anticipate additional petrochemical and derivative work projects as well as refining and LNG opportunities throughout the year. We're building off of the LNG Canada award and are tracking 2 more LNG prospects that could reach FID over the next 12 months. In mining, we have great visibility into what we're calling the double curve of this market cycle. The first curve started in 2016 with fee awards, converting to sizable mining awards in 2018. This drove our mining backlog to just over $7 billion at year-end. We are currently working on 4 copper project FEED and feasibility studies that will drive second wave EPC awards in 2020.
In Infrastructure, we're encouraged by the government's focus on infrastructure spending and are well positioned to bid and win work as it arises. And we expect to build off of our $6 billion infrastructure portfolio with several large prospects in 2019. These include the I-635 project here in Dallas, which we hope to win this year, as well as our recent selection as the preferred partner to design and build Phase I of the Red and Purple Line modernization program for the Chicago Transit Authority. In addition, these large projects or backlog will be further enhanced by smaller road and bridge projects being pursued by Fluor Heavy Civil, the Heavy Civil Initiative here in the State of Texas. For Government, we are well-positioned for multiyear DOE contracts, including participation in the DOE National Laboratory Complex and significant ongoing support of various Departmental of Defense needs.
We continue to work on a LOGCAP IV contract and expect to share more about our pursuit on LOGCAP V contract later this year. We're also looking at the timing of opportunities with the Army Corps of Engineers and the DOE high-level liquid waste programs. Finally, I want to point to our government activities and receipt of payments were not impacted by the government shutdown.
Our Diversified Services group continues to do a solid job of serving their clients. Past few years have been a period of consolidation and cost competitiveness and redefining our role in the marketplace. In 2019, we are focusing on where and how we grow. We are expanding our footprint beyond Energy & Chemicals segment and focusing on higher-margin businesses. 
Before I hand the call over to Bruce to discuss the financial results and guidance for the year, I want to comment on our safety initiative. 2018 was again a strong year regarding our safety performance. Our employees work more than 300 million hours with an incident rate 2/3 lower than the industry average. We also made great progress on access to further improve our safety culture, and this includes our new Safer Together initiative, which embraces our commitment to a caring and preventative workplace through worker and leadership engagement.
Now, I'll turn the call over to Bruce. Bruce?

Well, the quick answer to your second question is, we're not really expecting any new awards to drive that. It's, I mean, just the normal flow that we expect. There's no big project in there that does it. I mean, as Bruce said, I mean, we feel really good about where the backlog is and have good visibility in probably the next 3 years, frankly, in terms of what that growth story is. I'll let Bruce answer that. But let me get to the first question. Project's about halfway done. It's not a significant issue. We are in negotiations with the customer and I'd really leave -- rather leave it to that at the moment.

The quick answer to the last piece of that is, yes, we can grow backlog without an LNG plant in the count. It's going to be difficult, I think, to get to FID in '19 on one of them. Marginally more positive in terms of FID in '19. But again, those things are going to push significant earnings, just like LNG Canada is, into 2020 and '21 and '22. We don't finish LNG Canada until that kind of time frame. So we feel good about the base workload that we got in our backlog. And I do believe it's going to grow. And I think the real next big growth spurt is going to be 2020 because it's going to have several mining projects in there, and it's going to have hopefully at least one of the LNG plants in there. We are not in -- considered on both of the Mozambique projects. But we feel good about the one we're in. I'm looking at a list of projects that -- and I'll just talk about E&C quickly. And they kind of -- we kind of look at it in different groupings of leads, prospects, things that are in preparation and then proposals that are pending. Just in prospects which -- or things that we have decided to chase, preparation and the pending column, there's about 45 projects that we're pursuing that are significant in terms of FEED that leads to EPC awards in the out-years. But there's also a pretty healthy number of them that are EPC or EPFC to be awarded during 2019. In mining, I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're starting the FEED or the prefeasibility on 4 additional copper plants around the globe. So you guys know that business as well as anybody, and what that means in terms of new award values and the earnings schedule on those. You've heard me signal in the past, we think we can see the end of the tunnel and it's not -- the light's not the train. I truly believe when I look at the -- and it's not just oil and gas and mining. I mean, when you look at the infrastructure spend that's coming and the proposals and prospects that we're looking at, the Government group has done a tremendous job of adding to their portfolio and are continuing to expand their service offering. Stork is, we're starting to see the wins in terms of that integrated solution and why Stork means so much. I'm getting to where I'm a little more enthusiastic about what the future has to hold. And with rev rec, I think it actually gives us better visibility into what those earning streams are going to be. And I feel really good about where we are. And I think, as -- '19 is a bit of a flat year only because of the first 2 quarters, but I'm telling you, 2020, 2021 and beyond, the machine's starting to work, and I can tell you from the investments we've made in tools and systems, the governance changes we've made, I think we're locked and loaded. And I'm beginning to be very bullish about what's in front of us, in terms of being able to capture them, but more importantly, the changes we made that allows us to deliver the profitability at the end of the day.

I'll start, and then Bruce can give more color. I think part of it is the timing of the mix, because on the -- on a lot of those infrastructure projects that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, those are all just starting, right? So you're not going to get the kind of profitability in those early stages than you will as the project matures. Bruce?

Well, I wasn't on site. I was actually in our office in Calgary. The team is progressing, the engineering. Early signs are positive in terms of the long lead equipment that we're out in the market with. We believe given the labor market there, we are out ahead of that. We've got good relationships in the province with First Nations and otherwise. The way we're doing the project, there's sufficient labor there to do the pieces that will be done in Canada. Based on all the scrutiny, because of the size of this project and the involvement of everybody, including myself in that -- in those reviews, I think we're in a really good place to be very successful there and have a very happy client in delivering this particular LNG plant on time.

You always ask for that question, Tahira, or at least one of you do. I think, I'll answer it the way I have always answered it. This business is a dogfight every single day. There's somebody that doesn't win one project that decides that the next project is absolutely critical and strategic, whatever words you'd like to use to describe it, and people are still in the mode right now of some pretty predatory behaviors. And we've been very lucky and part of it is because of our challenges in being more disciplined and making sure that we're making decisions that fit Fluor's needs. What I can tell you is relative to margin, is that we are continuing to work on our cost structure, our supply chain and our project delivery in terms of efficiency. And I look for improvements in margin to come from there. But you're not going to see that until we get towards the end of some of these projects just because of the nature of how they burn and the risk associated with them. So I know that our credibility has been shaken a little bit, but I know we've made improvements, and I feel pretty dadgum good about where we're headed in being able to deliver what I just said. So I think -- and as I said, I think when you start looking at 2020, 2021, 2022 because of just how long and how large a lot of these projects are. I think we're going to see significant improvement in terms of margin and in terms of what that EPS outlook is going to be for those out-years.

Yes. I think I'll answer the last part first. I think it's really 2020 and the first part of '21 when we see another significant jump. The '19 -- I mean, 2019, I'm not going to give you the number, but it's pretty robust in terms of our average year intake. I mean, clearly LNG Canada was a significant number. But even without that, we are -- we still started with -- the number still started with a 2, and I wouldn't expect anything less as we go through '19. Now relative to selectivity, I think as I've talked in previous quarters and I can guarantee there's nobody more happy than I that 2018 is behind us. But there's learnings that come from the last 2 years. And I think those learnings have already been applied, as we booked work in '18 and even going back into '17 because I would remind you that the issues we had were booked 3 and 4 years ago. So we have become more selective. And in that process, given I think the integrated solutions approach, we've been able to go to some of these customers and help them shape the opportunity to derisk the opportunity for both sides of the equation there in some of the projects that we're winning. So yes, we've become more selective. I wouldn't say that win rate has -- it hasn't dropped or increased during this period of time, but I think what we've been able to do is really get back into the mode of being that consultant -- or the consultative sale with a customer and coming up with a right answer as opposed to maybe what the 3 bids and a cloud of dust would suggest. But I also go back and say, I've never seen the market allow us to raise prices. I would rather come up with a better mousetrap, a more efficient execution, a more sure delivery in terms of cost and schedule, and take that money to my bottom line from sticking to my knitting as opposed to really looking for the customer for more. I believe that when you look at the size of the projects that these customers are doing and it doesn't matter the industry, they're looking for somebody that can deliver the asset and that is becoming a pretty small subset of competitors. And I do believe we're one of that subset that can deliver these assets. Over time, we will be the go-to company, and that's where we're headed. And that's when I think we continue to improve our efficiency and competitiveness, and at the same time drop more money to the bottom line.

I think one of -- and we showed you some of this in the Investor Day. I feel really good about the investments that we've made in terms of tools and systems, and the discipline and governance around how we bid projects, how we start projects, how we go through the various phases and what those requirements are going to be. So I feel really, really good about that. I also feel really good about the talent that's coming up. I've spent a lot of time over the last, I don't know, probably 12 months all over the world with our people. There is an excited young, capable group of folks that we're going to be relying on that they're really talented folks, but they've also got a mix of scars on their backs, which I think differentiates us from maybe the competition because we're actually putting these people in the field and they're seeing what they're designing. And those next designs are much more efficient and effective in terms of how we execute those projects. From a people standpoint, we look at attrition rates, we look at new hires, we look at college programs. And all of those indicators are in the green, so to speak. So I think our ability to attract the best talent in the industry and apply those talent, grow that next wave of talent, still is pretty robust. I feel really confident that we can continue to grow the organization organically from a resource standpoint, but notwithstanding that, there's going to be tangential things that we're doing in new markets where we may require a shot in the arm in terms of some of the specialty resources and we'll look at that when those things arise. But I think the depth and breadth of the organization, frankly, is as healthy as I've ever seen it.

Well, I think you've got to kind of start with the fact that when -- after we bought it is when the markets kind of dropped, and it gave us an opportunity to optimize what we already had in terms of the markets that we served. And it wasn't just oil and gas, but that's the one that probably hurt us the most in terms of growth. But when you look at the future, clearly the industrial piece of our business is key from owners like Procter & Gamble and Novo Nordisk, and those types of industries are certainly targets. Further into the fine chemicals market, if you look at where Stork and most of our oil and gas projects in that segment were, they were kind of refining to gas processing, the pipeline maintenance, offshore fabric kinds of things. But going further down into the petrochemical side is a key market. It's going to be regional, just like you would expect. I mean, the Gulf Coast is going to be a big place. Some places in South America are going to be a big place. Europe is still a big -- huge market for us. But then finally, we've only dabbled in years gone by in the mining business. Well, who better to stay there and maintain those facilities that we're building right now than us? So big focus on how do we leverage those relationships in those -- basically, the folks that we have in those countries, why wouldn't we take advantage of that? So that's just a little color on kind of how we're looking at Diversified Services, because it's not just Stork. If you look at the mining business, our AMECO business has always been very successful when the mining guys were spending capital. Same thing for petrochemicals or refining around the direct-hire components of those projects that we're doing. And clearly, TRS, our temporary staffing business, allows us to kind of flatten the peaks, if you will. And when those big markets are blowing and going, like I've seen them coming, you'll see that business respond as well. So it's almost like when the EPC side of the business is improving, it raises the water level for those guys too. So I feel pretty good about their growth prospects, again, as we get towards finishing these projects. So it is a longer-term play than the typical EPC burn on a project, I guess.

Yes, I mean, we said that we're comfortable in that kind of range and maybe a little bit more. What we're seeing is some change in behaviors of some of the key customers around the globe where they believe the market is needy, and they're taking advantage of that and trying to pass the risk on to the contracting community. This goes back to the question that was asked earlier about discipline in bidding. And so far so good. But you've got some traditional international oil companies that are moving more towards a fixed-price basis on some of the front-end stuff, whether it's FEED or the like. So I'm hearing some feedback. Was that a question?

I was just hearing some feedback. I apologize. But we're just trying to make sure that we're sticking to our knitting and what we can provide, regardless of what the approach is. I also mentioned that we've been successful because of the relationships and because, frankly, they're interested in the new approaches that we've perfected. We're able to kind of move some of the procurement to where it's more of a hybrid than say an LSTK, which I think fits into our need. So some projects are fixed in terms of the services, engineering and procurement services. Some of them are EP. And because it's in a questionable place around labor, we're kind of taking the tack that, that's not fixed price. In some cases, we're fixing the unit, but not the number of units. So I think we're really looking more towards the hybrid based on our ability to help the clients see what the best implementation strategy is as opposed to just, as I said earlier, 3 bids and a cloud of dust. So it's going to be a mixed bag. But as I said earlier, I'm really confident that the changes that we've made over the last few years in terms of governance and tools and systems is going to provide a more sure outcome for Fluor and limit, I can't say eliminate, but limit the issues that we've experienced over the last few years.

I'm going to answer it a different way. We do about 1,000 to 1,200 projects a year. 89% of those are operating at as-sold margin or better. There's only 3% of those projects, and this is dollar-wise, are performing below profit. So I think the vast majority of our projects, I would argue, and use your term, are greenlighted. There's maybe 5% or 6% in the yellow. And the rest are red. And we've already talked about the red ones.

As I said, we're about halfway done, but I'm not going to get any further into the project than that, sorry.

That's a great question. The first piece of that is part of our bullishness comes from the fact that we are more diverse than most in our industry. So we're not just relying on the energy companies to provide us with growth opportunities. That would be point number one. Point number two, I think that the energy companies are a little bit gun-shy in terms of announcing projects simply because of what's gone on in the last little while and the volatility that you see in the markets. In my conversations with those energy guys or at least on the oil and gas side, they haven't changed their outlook in terms of what oil price will be in the long term. So that really is not going to change their decision-making process, in terms of whether the project is a high-value project or not. I think how it fits into their portfolio and in what cadence or sequence that it goes in, is really why you're seeing some of them being a little bit circumspect in terms of that outlook. But I point to the growth we've seen in our infrastructure business. I look at the growth that we've seen again in the manufacturing sector, which includes the customers that I mentioned on Diversified Services in terms of people like Procter & Gamble and Novo Nordisk and a lot of other -- of the "industrial" companies. So we just look a little bit different in the marketplace and the diversity provides maybe a little bit more of a positive on the way we look at things, because we're not beholding to one industry to drive the boat. Now I don't want you to think that oil and gas isn't important to us and mining is not important to us. It clearly is. But being able to say that we've got $6 billion to $8 billion worth of backlog in infrastructure is a big statement in terms of that overall Fluor look. And I'm very pleased with how the company has responded to that diversity piece of our strategy.

Thank you very much, and thank you for participating in the call today. 2019 is going to be an exciting year for us. And as our businesses grow and we, I think, at least message an optimism that we can capitalize on the investments that we've made in our business as well as the future profitability. We do believe we have the best people in the industry, and I think that's going to prove itself. I'm really, as I said in the Q&A, excited about the people we have leading these big programs and the future group of people coming up. And that gives me a lot of confidence as we start into this cycle and look at not only '19, but '20, '21, '22 and beyond. So we really appreciate your support of Fluor and look forward to seeing all of you soon.