Well, thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before we move into operational results, I want to acknowledge the passing of J. Robert Fluor II. Bob was the great grandson of our founder and worked at Fluor for 42 years before retiring in 2009. For 27 years, he led the Fluor Foundation, our charitable and community involvement organization that was established by his father and his uncle Si Fluor in 1952.
Throughout his career, Bob brought meaning and value to the active giving back, inspiring thousands of employees across the company and across the globe, to commit time and resources to bettering their communities. The company will continue to build on Bob's legacy of supporting stronger, more sustainable communities around the world.
In a few minutes, Joe will walk through the financials of our business in each of our segments. So let me first provide a high-level overview of what we are seeing in each of our major end markets. Starting with Urban Solutions. Please turn to Slide 3.
In mining, work is tracking broadly to our expectations for the next 18 months. We have seen a few large projects shift to the right as detailed estimate reviews and scrutiny of projects by our clients prior to an investment decision being taken is higher than we have seen in quite some time. In addition to those projects, we have a steady slate of feed and limited notice to proceed work, where we have a high level of confidence in conversion to full project awards in the next couple of years. Our prospect list is incredibly diverse, and we are not dependent on any 1 region or any 1 commodity to see significant growth in this business. Backlog for mining declined by approximately $1 billion in the quarter. That was due to the cancellation of a steel project in North America.
Moving to Infrastructure on Slide 4. The bipartisan bill continues to gain momentum, and we are optimistic that it will focus on more traditional infrastructure projects, including roads and bridges, which we believe will provide some upside to Fluor and more importantly, funding certainty to our clients in the coming years. Importantly, we are starting to see shifts in contract structures and collaborative models are being applied to the infrastructure sector as well as other sectors that allow contractors to compete on capabilities and qualifications instead of solely on price. This is a positive development, and we are encouraged by this approach to risk mitigation. On a particularly promising note, we are seeing advisory institutions acknowledging the challenges encountered in executing public works projects. This has led to the development of more collaborative procurement models to support their public sector clients.
Last week, we were notified by TxDOT that our co-lead joint venture was selected to design, construct and maintain the 6.5-mile long I-35E Phase 2 project here in Dallas. Our portion of the work will be booked in the third quarter. We're excited about this project and look forward to supporting TxDOT on this and other capital programs in the future.
Regarding our legacy infrastructure portfolio, I want to provide an update on the Gordie Howe Bridge Project and the $138 million charge we announced today. The project is experiencing significant COVID-related delays as well as overruns due to procurement and subcontractor cost growth. This charge includes additional reserves for delays and disruptions in the schedule. Fluor is not the lead operating partner on this contract.
It's important to note that these cost growth factors may be at least partially recoverable under the contract. We expect that it will require several quarters to analyze recoverability and negotiate with our clients before the accounting standards allow us to recognize incremental revenue for these amounts. While we are disappointed in the performance of the project, we believe we have a solid estimate on the cost at this point. Design is essentially complete, and we have procured approximately 85% of the materials required. We have been revising the forecast along the way, and this contract was previously included in our 0 margin projects in backlog.
As a noncontrolling partner in this JV, we continue to work with our partners to help them get this project into the best possible position. We have just under $1 billion in backlog remaining for this project and anticipate substantial completion by the end of 2024.
Our other infrastructure projects continue to make solid progress, including the LAX people mover, which crossed a significant milestone in early July when the joint venture placed the first forward trusses for the elevated pedestrian walkway.
Turning to Slide 5. In advanced technologies and life sciences, we are successfully wrapping up some of our large data center projects in Europe. We also see opportunities for semiconductor manufacturing facilities, both domestically and internationally. These projects are a mix of brownfield and greenfield, and provide a lot of opportunity for add-on work as these facilities grow.
In life sciences, we continue to see a good list of opportunities, as our world-class technology capabilities support our strategy of getting front-end work. We have been awarded a few front-end projects this quarter with the goal of converting them into EPCM contracts. Overall, we still see the ATLS end markets as an area for growth in our business, and we are focused on deploying our teams on to projects where we can grow our market share with contract terms and conditions that we find favorable.
Please turn to Slide 6. In Mission Solutions, we experienced strong margins this quarter due to increased execution activity on DOE projects, higher-than-forecasted performance-based fees and the release of COVID-19 cost reserves. This strong performance was somewhat offset by a decline in execution activity on army logistics and life support programs in Afghanistan and Africa.
In June, we fully demobilized our people and successfully completed our assignment in Afghanistan after 13 years. At its peak, Fluor had 26,000 employees from 65 countries, speaking 39 languages at 76 sites and supporting over 100,000 troops. This included 191,000 meals prepared per day and the establishment of the first-ever biodiesel program for the U.S. military deployed overseas. Under this program, we produced over 0.5 million gallons of fuels for the bases.
It's been a great honor for Fluor to support our troops in Afghanistan, and I want to thank our employees for their great work on this assignment dating all the way back to 2009. We are now continuing to support the Army through our LOGCAP V task order award in Africa. Next, please note that on the RAPID project, we have moved into the warranty period. This project is now essentially complete. Our major pursuits for the second half of this year in this group include the Savannah River Management & Operations contract extension and the Y12/Pantex Management & Operations contract in Tennessee and Texas.
Moving to Energy Solutions on Slide 7. We had a particularly strong quarter due to certain favorable events driving up our gross margin. This reflects the negotiations of change orders, scope increases and cost improvements across numerous projects. Furthermore, margins also benefited from the release of credit loss reserves after we received payment on a significant long-standing past due receivable. These positive segment margin results were partially offset by a $20 million loss recognized on an embedded derivative, which is excluded from our adjusted EPS numbers.
Turning to Slide 8. We remain pleased with the progress on our LNG Canada project in Kitimat. During the quarter, we saw a significant easing of public health orders that had slowed progress earlier this year, and we are now fully staffed onsite per our plan. In the second quarter, we achieved several major milestones. First, we drove the last of the Phase 1 plant piles. This program started in January 2020 and included the installation of nearly 6,500 piles. If laid end to end, the piles would extend 130 miles.
Secondly, the project's material offloading facility is now operational, receiving and unloading the first 3 major pieces of process equipment shipped via oceangoing vessel. These pieces of equipment for Train 1 include the 345 ton, 50-meter-long main cryogenic heat exchanger and 2 precooler units, each weighing over 280 tons. We are scheduled to direct these pieces this fall.
The site has gone vertical with the steel erection of the non-process building, including the central control and administration buildings. During the quarter, we completed the LNG storage tank wall pours. The LNG tank group and suspended deck raising is scheduled for next week.
Module fabrication has commenced for all facets of the project across the Asia and European module fabrication centers. Preparation and planning have commenced for the first module delivery major, which are on target for Q4 2021. We have formalized the term sheet with our client, which outlines principles of cost and schedule relief related to delays, including COVID, engineering and procurement impacts through February 26, 2021. We are targeting finalization of a formal variation this month.
Please turn to Slide 9. We continue to enhance our Energy Transition portfolio and believe that Fluor will be a vital contributor to a lower carbon future. We are seeing success in several markets, such as renewable fuels, carbon capture, clean hydrogen, battery chemicals and asset decarbonization. First, in the renewables fuel market, Fluor is focused on brownfield or revamp capabilities with a geographic focus in North America, where low carbon fuel standard credits are available, demand for liquid fuels continue and feedstock selection is broadly based.
Next, in the carbon capture market. Fluor can perform projects with any technology globally. This includes our own proprietary technology for both pre-combustion and post-combustion, Fluor Solvent and Econamine FG+, respectively.
We are also seeing further opportunities for carbon capture on new and existing LNG facilities. Our clean hydrogen efforts include both green hydrogen and blue hydrogen. Fluor is relying on its 50 years at the forefront of the gasification industry and has executed more than 30 pre-FEED and FEED projects. Fluor can differentiate in this market with our ability to act as integrator and OSBL contractor.
Another Energy Transition market we are exploring is battery chemicals. We are expanding our lithium capabilities and are pursuing the growing market of electric vehicle battery production. In asset decarbonization, Fluor is leveraging our design experience for refineries and petrochemical facilities, including steam and electrical systems. We have global execution capabilities for conceptual front-end design through EPC for both electrification and energy efficiency projects. Aside from these markets, we are also pursuing projects in green ammonia, chemical recycling, bio-based chemicals, long duration energy storage, waste-to-energy conversion and bio LNG. Most of our energy transition work is in the United States and Europe. And based on our differentiated technical position, we continue to view growth in this area as a driver for increased revenue and earnings in the coming years.
Now let's turn to NuScale, a related energy transition offering on Slide 10. For the first 7 months of this year, NuScale has received $192 million in outside investments from JGC and GS Energy, Doosan, Samsung and IHI, among others. These infusions not only eliminate the need for Fluor to provide additional funding, but also accelerate NuScale's path to commercialization and demonstrates third-party investor interest in NuScale's business prospects. Additionally, we continue to have positive and productive conversations around nuclear power as a necessary baseload clean energy source, both in North America and abroad. We believe that our new scale product will become a vital part of a cleaner energy future.
Before handing the call over to Joe, on Slide 11, I want to share a few observations as we head into the second half of the year. First, we expect to see some inconsistency or lumpiness in new awards as the optimism in post-pandemic capital spending from clients is partially offset by concerns about cost growth for labor and materials. We're also keeping a close eye on the impacts of the Delta variant of COVID as it relates to our exposure to global supply chains.
While these dynamics may shift certain projects out in time somewhat and impact the near term, there are longer-term trends in our business that I view as very positive. First, as mentioned in my infrastructure remarks, we are starting to see a better balance of risks sharing in contract structures. Projects are increasingly structured as predevelopment agreements where clients and contractors work together to identify and mitigate risks before bids are finalized.
These collaborative models are being considered because clients are seeing contractors declining to bid on large projects as terms and conditions have shifted risk allocation too far away from the owner. Also, we continue to see a robust pipeline of study, pre-FEED and FEED work to support future growth. We are currently working on or have recently completed pre-EPC work that represents over $150 billion in total installed costs. Additionally, we are pursuing another 200 study in FEED projects, representing almost $200 billion in TIC over the next several years. So while we are seeing some near-term headwinds in 2021 with new word lumpiness, we have considerable opportunity to capture projects that are in the pipeline, and they're well suited for Fluor.
Finally, regarding our cost savings initiative, we are making solid progress and have identified significant opportunities to improve processes and reduce costs and create an organization that is competitive and fit for growth. Our various work streams are taking specific actions to ensure that our resources are tailored to what we need today. And we are establishing new protocols so we can efficiently scale as our markets ebb and flow.
And now I'll turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?

Steve, good to be with you. I think what we're seeing specifically in the mining group is just -- as I said, just some extra kicking of the tires on the estimates and making sure that the pricing is firm and as we go out, those are obviously very long-term projects and getting a good handle on any escalation in inflation on labor and materials. So on the current existing projects, we're -- I want to say that we're in very good shape, no problems, obviously, on reimbursable cost projects. But we've also scrubbed our remaining fixed price contracts and backlog and are in good shape there.
So I think it's a matter of just making sure that what we've seen here recently due to COVID is -- and we're seeing it come back down actually, lessening the inflationary impacts. And so it's -- I believe it's more of a timing challenge right now that some of these projects, just needs a little more time to get that comfort. Joe, I maybe ask you to comment as well on the inflation.

Steve, we're not seeing projects being canceled. I guess, I'll put it that way as well. These prices, again, just ensuring that the internal rate of return that the clients require before taking FID are solid and they're doing that type of scenario planning right now.

Yes. That's where it's most prominent right now. And of course, as we talked in the past, mining is really in front as we look at our growth markets, mining and I guess, I'd put chemicals right up there as well, but it's primarily mining where the teams have been talking to me about that issue.

Well, under the current system, we would not have  bid that project. It would not have gotten through our pursuit criteria. So that's the first thing. This is a legacy project. It was awarded in September 2018. As you said, it's a 0 margin project. So it's accounted for that way. We're not in the lead on the project. That's also a CEO approval requirement that we take very seriously. That's not how we like to execute projects. So that would have changed as well.
It's a design-build project. Right now, we're 40% of the -- again, not in a nonoperating partner. Construction, it's both self-perform. We're doing the bridge in Michigan interchange, about 70% are self-performed and then the U.S. and Canadian port of entry is about 95% subcontracted. So as far as are we in good shape. I think we are -- we better -- I believe, it's been scrubbed this second quarter where we found a significant increase in procurement and subcontractor cost growth. We've had our teams in there scrubbing hard and making sure that forecast that came across from the partner is reasonable. And I think we've got a reasonable estimate at this point. And we do have, as I mentioned, some potential recovery of revenue recognition as we perfect our claims on the project.
So if you think about the $1.2 billion in our backlog, 0 margin projects. We've really done a good job of working off these fixed-price contracts and Gordie Howe is like, I think, $968 million of the $1.2 billion is Gordie Howe's. So we're really working off all of those lost projects. And this is really the last major one that we do have a good estimate on and design is 99% complete. Procurement, yes, there's not much left in that 15%. I think we're comfortable. We've scrubbed that as well to give comfort to your question. And so overall, we're just about 20% complete overall in the project. So that's where we're at. I think Joe want -- guiding principles, the forecasting that we're doing and maybe comment on cash flow impacts.

So we had a good first quarter as a good upside surprise in Q1 for new awards. We're a little light in Q2. I will say it was close. We could have had quite a Q2, but there were some that fell on the other side of the fence in Q3. So I can tell you that Q3 awards as of the end of July, are equal to all of the Q2 -- full Q2 awards. So we've got 2 months to go in Q3, and we're already at the level we booked in Q2. So that's very positive. I just want to -- I think as we've been messaging for the past. A couple of times we've talked with you that the back half of 2021, you should start to see new awards coming in at a higher level and definitely into 2022, and I still believe that. So I think Q3 is going to be better, getting to book-to-bill, one to one probably not quite there yet, but we'll be seeing that in the -- certainly, in 2022, I believe we'll get to that level of booking.
We just have -- just to give you some color on -- we talked about in the prepared remarks, all the FEED and study work, about $160 billion in-house right now of TIC and chasing another couple of hundred billion in the next 6 quarters of front-end work that we want to convert. And it's in -- the big chunks of that chemicals right up in addition to mining, obviously, like you said, we got $20 billion in mining, actually about $28 billion, if you add in the additional study work that we're working on, and we're chasing $64 billion of FEED work in mining as well.
But then you add in chemicals, we've got $44 billion in-house in front-end work and chasing $55 billion in the next 6 quarters. And even traditional oil and gas, right, $30 billion of FEED work in-house and chasing $46 billion. And LNG is very strong with $53 billion in-house and then another $12 billion through the next 6 quarters.
Energy Transition as well, I should mention in the prepared remarks, we're covering all the bases in Energy Transition, and we've got $11 billion in-house already in front-end work and looking at $16 billion in prospects in 2022. But if you look at the full EPC, EPCM near-term prospects, and this is greater than $50 million project. So there's another several billion in less than $50 million. But the near-term prospects for EPC, EPCM prospects through Q4 2022 totals just under $40 billion, and Energy Solutions is $9 billion of that, Mission Solutions is $11 billion and Urban Solutions is $17 billion in full EPC or EPCM work.
So I -- to your point, your question, I'm feeling pretty optimistic about where new awards are going to start landing and coming in, certainly, in 2022. The markets are starting to come to us. And as the uncertainty of COVID and the COVID variant subsides, -- it's not -- as I've said before, it's not if but when, and that's where we're at. Joe?

Yes. Obviously, not everything in study and pre-FEED and even in FEED come all the way through the screens, right, because of project economics, Sean. So point taken. And I -- that would be a tough question to answer, specifically. When we're in a full FEED and working economics with the clients then we could see upwards of 30%, 40% conversion of that. But I haven't broken the numbers down for you between study, pre-FEED and FEED. So that's -- that be a more detailed analysis that we'd have to take a look at.

And mining is going to be more like 90%, but I was giving an average. I mean, that $20 billion that's solid in mining is going to be based on our market position, is a much higher conversion, obviously. But again, I was giving you an average across all 11 business lines.

Yes. Mission is -- we're excited about Mission Solutions and moving up the value chain at Mission Solutions and doing management and operation contracts. And I think some of the prospects -- we do have a dip, as I talked about coming off LOGCAP IV in Afghanistan, obviously. That was a huge program to fill that bucket back up. And that's what the team is focused on by moving up the value chain. When I say that Q3 has already reached -- Q2 -- full Q2 new award levels. It's due in large part to very large Mission Solutions awards that you'll be hearing about very soon.
So -- and we're also chasing massive progress for the DOD here that could really put Mission Solutions way, way up on the revenue burn curve. And so we're pretty excited about the trajectory of Mission Solutions revenue and earnings through the planning period. I think that's how you should look at it. You also saw that we had a nice award with the Navy on a multi-contract award, they're going to be spending $5 billion a year here for the next several years that we'll be able to participate in. That also is more of a value adding up technical solutions program, engineering program, management that we can help support the Navy as well. So I'm pretty bullish on Mission Solutions right now.

If you look at the spending, right? I mean the DOE, Sean, is they've got -- through our planning period anyways, the DOE spend is $43 billion or will be spending over $40 billion annually and the DOD is way above that I don't know, $750 billion. So there's lots to support, lots of value we can add to both of those agencies and others.

Thanks, Jamie, I'll ask Joe to comment on Mission Solutions margins in the back half and also Energy Solutions and the embedded derivative question. On Stork, they are -- the process is coming along nicely, where we've got a lot of interest, I think, over 50 different interested parties signed up on NDAs. So really good interest on Stork. To the business itself, I think from an awards perspective, they're seeing challenges with respect to COVID uncertainty. You need to think about Stork being internationally located. And obviously, COVID is impacting the rest of the world much more significantly than it is in the U.S. right now. So they still are seeing some softness due to COVID uncertainty, but there's -- from what the President of Stork tells me they're looking to stronger performance on new awards later this year. So with that, I think -- as I said, the process is running well, and we're excited about that transaction later in the year.

Jamie, from a win rate perspective, we did not adjust that upward for our earnings power through the period. I will say, we've talked about these contracting models coming to us favorably, coming more favorably to us in the different businesses. Our pursuits right now, we took a look at it with the Board this week, 85% of our pursuits are now reimbursable contracts with incentives. So really a much better place to be as far as our strategy to go after fair and balanced contract terms and commercial terms.
So -- and I think that's telling. And the thing we need to be careful of is as these markets all come back and really pick up that we need to be very disciplined that we don't jump all over the first few and make sure that we keep our margins where they need to be. So we're just cautioning the teams to be very measured and just follow our processes that we put in place and drive the Fluor value and getting paid for the value that we're bringing to all these projects.
So I guess I'd say there's potential upside to what we're looking at as far as win rates because we are differentiated. We bring all that front-end capability that I talked about, for example, in Energy Transition, but you can just stay with us and we can build and design, and build and commission the plans for all of these customers that all are focused on net 0 across our 11 business lines.

Yes, NuScale is very exciting, and it continues to heat up, Mike. It's a -- we've had a great first half and through July with the -- all the third-party investments. We've got a Guggenheim on board looking at our different options to sell down Fluor's equity and extract value for Fluor shareholders. So everything is on track. I can tell you that. And we're looking at some interesting activity in that space as far as getting to, ultimately, to a minority ownership where we still have exclusive rights to execute and program manage all of the projects, small module reactor projects domestically and internationally.
I must say, internationally, the activity has really picked up and could surpass the U.S. in terms of timing and that NRC approval from last year really, really has everyone focused on NuScale leading the way in the small modular reactor technology and it's getting a lot of attention globally from governments and from customers outside the U.S. So that's also very positive. So that's where we're at.
With respect to DOE, good discussion with Secretary Granholm, a couple of weeks ago with her. And you're seeing the numbers coming out of Washington. I think, last night, she talked about the legislative package, targeting new small modular reactors. I think they've got about $6 billion set aside for -- on nuclear facilities to be shut down and trying to figure out how to go forward with small module reactors there and then another $6 billion for SMRs themselves. So that's, to me, very positive and from what we're hearing out of Washington, full support and full steam ahead with NuScale and starting to deploy through the lower carbon future that's being required globally. So that's what I had on NuScale, Mike.

I think we're -- these are very long projects. We're certainly working with U.S. very closely on the standard design of their facility, right? And that's moving along as well as we're in discussions with confidential -- very confidential customers in deployment of multiple SMRs to support their low-carbon initiatives, again, domestically and internationally. So I think that's something to keep an eye on. In fact, that -- some of those confidential projects feature in Guggenheim's financial modeling and analysis to take NuScale forward and with respect to valuation. And so that's, I think, a very positive development. So I just have more to come, and stay tuned, I guess, I'd say.

Thanks, operator. And many thanks to all of you for participating on the call today. I'll say, the Fluor management team remains focused on achieving our strategic goals and continues to have positive conversations with all of our stakeholders, especially our customers and as we continue to improve our financial and operational position. So until next time, we appreciate your interest in Fluor Corporation. Thanks, again, for your time today, and please stay safe.