Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. Before we get started on operational results, I'd like to draw your attention to Fluor's 14th Annual Sustainability Report that was recently published. Our sustainability report provides insight into how we are accelerating our ESG actions to build a better world. 
Notable accomplishments highlighted in this latest report include: first, the actions underway to reduce our carbon footprint, led by a 15% reduction in Scope 2 emissions from 2020 to 2021. This performance supports our drive towards delivering on our net zero 2023 commitment for Scopes 1 and 2. In addition, we also achieved a 12% reduction of Scope 3 emissions in the same period; second, our efforts in supporting employees and their families health and safety during the COVID-19 pandemic, which included the expansion of Fluor's Employee Assistance Program globally; and finally, advancing DE&I efforts from implementing inclusion councils to broadening employee resource groups so that all of Fluor's employees globally feel included and can reach their full potential. 
Additional information, including our GRI and SASB disclosures can be found in the Sustainability section of our website. Q2 new awards for the quarter were above a 1:1 book-to-burn ratio of $3.6 billion. Importantly, 73% of new awards for the quarter were reimbursable and nearly 40% were in support of energy transition-related opportunities. Fluor continues to differentiate itself in this growing global market space. We also continue to see strong demand for our technical and construction services. 
In the first quarter, our margins on new awards were 470 basis points above our plan, and we were able to achieve equally impressive results with margins on second quarter new awards that were 550 basis points higher. Moving now to our business segments. Please turn to Slide 6. Urban Solutions reported segment profit of $8 million for the second quarter. Results for the quarter reflect cost growth on 3 legacy infrastructure projects and the closing of a P3 transaction that Joe will discuss in a moment. 
New awards for this segment approached a 2:1 book-to-burn ratio at $1.9 billion compared to $617 million a year ago. Now turning to Slide 7. In Infrastructure, new awards included a $547 million award for the I-35 Capital Expressway South project just south of Austin. This award is a continuation of Fluor's regional infrastructure focus and reinforces the strength of our project execution skills in road and bridge work. 
For the second half of 2022,  the near-term prospect pipeline includes the A27 project in the Netherlands. In the quarter, we recognized charges on the Gordie Howe legacy infrastructure project. Fluor and our partners recently performed a detailed review of project progress and cost. The team continues to see significant inflation pressure on materials and labor. This resulted in a $32 million increase in our cost estimate. We've engaged external partners to create a comprehensive claim package that we expect to submit in the fourth quarter. 
This project is 36% complete with an anticipated completion date in early 2025. We also recognized nonmaterial charges on 2 other legacy projects as a result of cost growth and re-work. Across the infrastructure landscape, there are clear signs of cost inflation. At Fluor, we see cost escalation in fuel and commodities, such as rebar. On large contracts, we reduced our fuel risk by entering into fuel hedges. While we've not seen significant inflationary pressure on labor, we are planning for this and have included the currently identifiable amounts in our forecasts. 
Our projects estimate future labor costs by using local labor information for craft wages or labor agreements with agreed escalation rates. During the proposal phase, our teams negotiate firm fixed price commitments with the majority of our subcontractors and suppliers. When we are successful in winning an award, we then strive to immediately execute those contracts to lock in prices with subcontractors and suppliers. 
As discussed previously, we will continue to be extremely selective on infrastructure pursuits, with a focus on fair and balanced contract terms and with clients where we have a strong relationship. Turning to Slide 8. In Mining and Metals,  we successfully started to convert the prospect pipeline I shared with you last quarter. During Q2, Fluor was awarded a contract to perform engineering, procurement and construction management for Iluka Resources Eneabba project, a fully integrated rare earths refinery in Western Australia. 
When complete, this refinery will produce light and heavy rare earth oxides that are essential to global electrification and renewable energy infrastructure. Fluor also booked an award for the construction and construction management of a copper project in Indonesia for a valued long-term client. This new work is an extension of an award we booked last year. Over the next 3 quarters, our Mining and Metals clients are positioning to move forward on approximately $5 billion of limited and full notice-to-proceed awards to support demand for copper, gold, lithium and metals. 
Our Quellaveco  project in Peru is nearing completion and began initial operations in July. The facility is expected to have an average production of 300,000 tons of copper per year. Fluor was responsible for Quellaveco's engineering, procurement, and construction management services. Now please turn to Slide 9. Our efforts in Advanced Technologies and Life Sciences continue to support our strategic priority of driving growth across the portfolio. In Semiconductors, we are supporting the demand for onshoring manufacturing across multiple clients. 
Currently, Fluor is working with Intel on projects in Arizona and Malaysia, and we anticipate that these programs will convert to a full release of work over the next few quarters. On the Life Sciences front,  we anticipate receiving work in the third quarter for an expansion of an existing biologics manufacturing facility currently underway for Fujifilm in Europe. We also see new biotech investments in Europe and the U.S. 
Moving on to Slide 11. Mission Solutions reported segment profit of $28 million for the second quarter, consistent with our expectations. During the quarter, we were informed by the NNSA of their intention to cancel the Pantex/Y12 contract that was initially awarded to us late last year. According to the NNSA, the award was canceled due to an accelerating workload at both facilities. The NNSA has determined it requires 2 separate contracts to manage Y12 and Pantex in order to deliver on critical national security missions. They will hold 2 new competitions, starting with the release of the Pantex request for proposal by the end of this year. While we are disappointed with the outcome, our team is fully engaged and preparing for the rebid process on both projects. 
Even without Pantex/Y12, Mission Solutions has a positive trajectory. We are well on track for upcoming renewals, recompetes and new work. This includes a recent notification from the Department of Energy of their intent to extend our Savannah River Site contract for 4 additional years, with a 1-year option period. We, therefore, believe that Mission Solutions is well positioned to have another successful year. 
Moving to Energy Solutions, please turn to Slide 13. Segment profit of $65 million, reflects foreign currency impacts, cost growth and estimated recoveries on a legacy upstream project. Results also include an embedded derivative gain of $17 million. New awards for the quarter included a large lithium chemicals project in China. Here Fluor was awarded the engineering, procurement and fabrication management for this energy transition project. We also received a partial award for a refinery upgrade project in Mexico with our joint venture partner, ICA. 
Energy Solutions' third major award in the quarter was for the full notice-to-proceed on the New Fortress Energy FAST LNG 2 project. As a follow-up award to the LNG 1 project from New Fortress last quarter, we have proven that our mid-scale modular design and execution plans facilitates repeatable models that can be used to replicate and fast track similar LNG plants in the future. We are well positioned to support the increased worldwide demand for LNG. 
In our traditional oil, gas and chemicals markets,  we continue to see our clients taking a pragmatic approach with their CapEx plans. However, I can tell you that Q3 is already off to a good start with a key client reaching FID on a large reimbursable petrochemical facility in China. We expect to be sharing further information on this project in the coming weeks. 
Turning to Slide 14. At the LNG Canada project, our joint venture scope is well over 60% complete. The project is transitioning to a different phase of construction with modules arriving at the project site and the related increased focus on above ground work. Of the 215 total modules, 98 of ships and 93 were on site at the end of the quarter. On this slide, you can see a refrigerant compressor module in Italy being prepared for transport. We continue to work collaboratively with the client to resolve COVID-related impacts across the primary job site and fabrication yards. 
Moving to Slide 16 and NuScale. We continue to see tremendous support and interest in NuScale since its SMR listing in early May. After investing in NuScale for over 10 years and as NuScale's largest investor,  it's encouraging to see that the market agrees that there is significant value in NuScale and their carbon-free clean energy solution. Based on recent prices, our 57% investment is approaching $2 billion in value. During the quarter, the United States announced it is providing Romania with a new scale small modular reactor simulator. This SMR simulator will support Romania's next generation of nuclear experts, technologists and operators. 
The collaboration highlights the growing global support for NuScale as the premier clean energy solution. In addition, the U.S. government also announced that it is committing $14 million towards the front-end engineering and design study as Romania moves towards the deployment of a NuScale VOYGR-6 SMR power plant. 
Finally,  last Friday, the NRC voted unanimously to approve the design certification of the NuScale SMR. This follows the standard design approval and issuance of the final safety evaluation report in August 2020. NuScale design will now become only the seventh reactor design certification that the NRC has issued for use in the U.S. and the only SMR design. 
Before I turn over the call, I wanted to expand a bit on my initial comment about nearly 40% of our new awards this quarter directly related to energy transition. More specifically,  we are currently executing energy transition front-end projects that total $38 billion in potential future work across our segments, and we are pursuing another $28 billion of front-end prospects in this space. With that, let me now turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?

Yes, Mike, it's -- we're really encouraged by the new awards in Q2 and what we've already seen in Q3. It's not slowing down at all. And -- as I mentioned, those limited notices and full notices to proceed are very solid. We expect both LNTP and FNTPs in Mining in the second half and into '23. So CapEx plans, not just in Mining, but across Energy Solutions and Urban Solutions and, of course, government, which is obviously in the press right now seem very solid. 
We've got CapEx, the CapEx spend across our top, say, our top 10 customers, commercial customers, it will be about $175 billion in '22 and up to $190 billion in '23 annually and beyond. And about $20 billion to $25 billion of that is spent -- going to be spent in energy transition annually, which, as you know, we are differentiating ourselves and picking up a lot of energy transition work by differentiating with our subject matter experts historically out of Energy Solutions, but now cutting across all of our 10 business lines. 
So yes, it's -- in a recessionary environment, at least a technical recession, we feel good about our new awards. We historically perform well in a recessionary environment, and we're seeing that now. Thanks, Mike.

Yes. On the CHIPS Act, right, it just needs to get signed off by the President. So that's going forward with, what is it, 54 -- $54 billion in grants and loan guarantees and 25% investment tax credits for the semiconductor manufacturing industry and specialized tooling equipment as well in the semiconductor manufacturing process. So yes, we will be participating there, as I mentioned, not only with Intel but other key manufacturers here in the U.S. and in Asia, but also in Europe. 
And we're seeing the business line is telling me that we're seeing other governments outside the U.S. following our lead, if you will, with incentives. When you think about Germany and Italy, countries like that where we'll see semiconductor manufacturing picking up. So we're bullish on it, and we expect to see incremental awards in that space. When I say incremental, I'm talking hundreds of millions of dollars. And then you can think about a couple of billion in the first quarter of next year. So it's coming along nicely, and we'll continue to move on that work going forward.

Steven, I'll start and then have Joe talk a little bit more about how that burns if we could do that. So that 550 basis points is off of our operating as compared to our operating plan that was set at the end of '21 and approved early '22. So that's how you should think about that is what we were expecting, which obviously informed our guidance that we put out. So that's what we compare against. And that's the plan I talked to when we talk about 550 basis points. 
And I'll also say before I turn it over to Joe that those margins were, as we said, extremely strong and primarily reimbursable rate contracts, fair and balanced reimbursable contracts and just 1 fixed price contract there, but very low risk in the government space. So services -- if you will, services fixed price. So Joe, on burn for that?

So Jamie, on energy transition and competitiveness and win rates, as I said in the prepared remarks,  we really feel we're differentiated in the energy transition space. We currently have 85 energy transition projects in-house.  And we're pursuing 136 prospects in the next 18 months. And of those totals, you can think about the total installed cost of those programs, like I said, about $38 billion of current FEED work in-house, and we're chasing another $28 billion. 
I also mentioned that our key -- just our key top 10 customers are spending $20 billion to $25 billion annually in energy transition. And it really cuts across so many areas that Fluor historically -- our subject matter experts in our traditional oil, gas, chemical space and power businesses really excel and can add so much value when you're looking at providing technical solutions and coming up with the best mouse trap on these types of projects, whether it's -- there's many, many places where clients are looking to move into energy transition. It could be energy storage where we have work -- we have work in blue and green hydrogen, renewable fuels, biofuels, renewable jet fuel. 
Obviously, our carbon capture, we have differentiated ourselves there with our proprietary pre and post combustion technologies. The battery value chain, we're participating, including the award in China, I mentioned here just in Q2. Green ammonia, decarbonization and electrification of facilities, chemical recycling. And of course, we're going to be participating on the front end of these new small module reactor programs with new scale, both in Idaho and Romania, to get started. 
So I think we don't want to win on price. We don't have to win on price.  We differentiate ourselves and want to get paid for value. And I think if we choose to go after a project, we have a very high probability of winning and not having to, like I say, win it on price, We'll win it on the value we deliver.

Okay. On the -- thanks, Andy. On the Savannah River Site, the DOE notified Congress here recently that they'd be extending the program with our joint venture there for 4 years, with an additional 1-year option is what they're looking at. So we're very pleased to continue on that site. I don't think we've been -- we've advised of any amounts. It is a multibillion dollar program, obviously, that we can see going into backlog later this year, most likely in Q3, I believe. Actually, it's just a couple of weeks away. 
So if you could just hold on that, we'll be able to  let everyone know what that does to our backlog in a couple of weeks. Now you mentioned Netherlands as well. I think you're talking about Netherlands A27?

Yes. So yes, that's a road and bridge project as well. And with a client there that we're very familiar with and have successfully executed projects in the past. So that's obviously one of our pursuit criteria. And commercially, we're also very comfortable with the scope that we're looking at and how to price that. In fact, it, right now, is a conversion process where it's all open book, and we'll go well through the projects through detailed engineering and design prior to converting if we convert. It's -- that's yet to be seen. 
So we'll definitely be very comfortable with the risk profile if there is any type of conversion at the back end of that project. So comfortable there. And then just your last question was on the $20 billion?

We're not tracking on the $20 billion, sorry.

Yes. So Andy, I'll just say that we're -- what we see now is new awards well above our outlook and Q3 is going to be, we think, very strong. So yes, we'll keep pushing on that front, obviously, and get as close to that $20 billion as we can.

Sean, yes, so Rovuma is still on the books, right, and looking at it seriously. Client's obviously looking at it very seriously with -- in the LNG space these days, it's critically important. And we're still on the job with our partners, our joint venture partners and looking at how that project will shape based on the revised scope of work and how it may come out for rebid. 
And when I talk about scope of work, how the clients may work between Area 1 and Area 4 down there. So it's going to -- we believe it's going to look different going forward. So we're still, I'll say, in play. But depending on what the commercials ultimately look like and what type of scope we could provide with an appropriate risk profile, then we'll take it from there. 
So I guess, it's a work in progress is the best way to look at it, Sean, and more to come on that. And yes, Fluor 2.0 is firmly intact on our project pursuit criteria. Joe?

Thanks, Andy. And I may have Joe comment as well on the backlog question. But if you just think about how we're approaching mitigating risk in infrastructure going forward, obviously, we're very, very selective, as we've said many times on the clients we'll work with and focused on regional road and bridge work. 
For example, the recent I-35 East -- South Austin award, on that project, the client takes all quantity responsibility. And then we apply our tried and true Fluor unit rates, which obviously we know well in Texas, and we apply those rates to those nonrisk quantities that can obviously be escalated. We'll build in escalation features to those rates. So the majority of the POs and the subcontracts were placed within weeks of that award to lock in price validity. 
And where required, like I said, inflation indexing is applied on the projects. Also, if delays are experienced, then escalation relief will also be applied. And the client -- the client is really a good partner on this work, paying upfront for raw materials and providing extra laydown yard for us to get things to the project so that we protect ourselves and the client against any type of inflationary pressure. So -- and then on backlog, Joe, just if you want to comment on the legacy projects.

So I'll let Joe talk about margins a little bit. On Mission Solutions specifically, we're seeing a good pickup in extensions, right? As we talked about at Savannah River, and very busy with bids across all 3 business lines in nuclear and civil and defense and intelligence. So like I said, we expect Mission Solutions to have a good year, starting the trajectory coming back, if you will, as we worked off LOGCAP and a lot of prospects and very busy with bids in Mission Solutions across the 3 business lines here later this year and into 2023. Joe?

That's -- the guidance of 4.5%, I think has some upside to it as the legacy projects wind down.

Thanks, Michael. So yes, like I said on the -- in the remarks, very exciting times at NuScale. And certainly, we're comfortable with our ownership right now and will be looking at that going forward, but we do have first right of refusal on those NuScale projects globally. And what we're working on right now is obviously the -- in Idaho for UAMPS, the  6 modules up in Idaho, Idaho Labs. And we're right now just finished the Class III estimate. 
So we're in -- I guess the best way to look at that is we are in front-end design, moving from the Class II to the -- sorry, Class III to the Class II estimate in 2023. And then we'll moving to detailed engineering in early '24 on that project. So looking forward to progressing that plant and also working on getting ready to work on the front end of the work in Romania, another 6 module SMR facility in Romania that sits next to a potential for Fluor to install 2 conventional units at Cernavoda, units 3 and 4. 
So we met with the Minister of Energy a couple of weeks back just a week ago and the CEO of their -- of SNN, their nuclear agency -- or nuclear customer in Romania. And with the support of the U.S. government and the NuScale technology offering, Fluor will be there to support that project. Generally speaking, we will take a view of where the locations of these SMRs around the world. And if we can add value and effectively provide engineering, procurement, construction management services, then we'll take that on, but always have an eye on the risk profile. 
And if necessary, step back into more of a project management role -- a project management contracting role on behalf of the clients and also to support NuScale's installations. So it will be a case-by-case basis. And that's how we'll look at it going forward. But very exciting times on that front as NuScale plays in the energy transition world. Thanks, Michael.

Thanks, William. And we've already talked about Rovuma, that's just out there as a work in progress, so we won't cover off that again. But we are really excited in our Energy Solutions business segment and LNG business line more specifically about how we've been able to develop that market in the mid-scale modular LNG space and with New Fortress Energy and just a great customer and partner in that space, and we're very aligned on the need to fast track all of these LNG facilities to deploy them as quickly as possible and evacuate natural gas, certainly from North America and Mexico to begin with and move that LNG over to Europe. 
So as I said, we've got LNG 1 underway, and LNG 2 has been awarded, and we're working -- looking at the front end of subsequent LNG facilities for New Fortress. And there are a number, a number of facilities on the books that we will be looking at. And like I said, repeatable, modularized, fast, cost-effective solutions that New Fortress is very comfortable with and very pleased with how Fluor has been able to manage that program. And we're looking at it as a very long-term play is the best way to put it. So I guess, I'd say stay tuned for more mid-scale LNG awards in the near term.

It's really project specific, right? And I'd say, for the most part, when you look at the mining client CapEx, some of our customers, they have not come off their CapEx guidance this year or next year or beyond. So I'd say that the mining clients take a very long-term view, they have to because their major projects are decade-long decisions, right, that are not really impacted by, I'd say, by a temporary slowdown or recession in economic activity. 
So I'd say that depending on the severity of a recession, obviously, clients could decide to slow down the schedule. But from a high level, looking at all the mining houses, their CapEx plans are in place and include energy transition as well, I might add that we can support them with. So like I said, $5 billion in near-term new awards coming in Mining. And we continue to talk about Mining. And I guess when you think about the early hitters on the new awards picking up, it's mining and chemicals coming out of the gates here very quickly.

Thanks, operator. Many thanks to all of you for participating on our call today. We're really pleased with the pace and timing of new awards in a challenging inflationary environment. And I believe that we remain on track to deliver our expectations for 2022 and on our key strategic priorities for 2024. So we, as always, appreciate your interest in Fluor Corporation. Thanks again for your time today.