[Audio Gap] and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We'll review the second quarter results and discuss our outlook for the rest of this year. 
Earnings attributable to Fluor for the second quarter are $115 million or $0.81 per diluted share compared to a net loss of $24 million or $0.17 per diluted share a year ago.
Second quarter revenue was $4.9 billion. And new awards were $5.4 billion. This represents the first time new awards exceeded quarterly revenue since the third quarter of 2016.
Please turn to Slide 3. For the second quarter, new awards for Energy & Chemicals segment were $493 million. Ending backlog was $12.4 billion.  
During the quarter, we received a limited notice to proceed on LNG Canada project in Kitimat. We have assembled a remarkable project team and are preparing [Audio Gap] investment decision, which is expected later this year. We've collaborated with this customer extensively to create a project that will be successful for all parties involved. We started by taking the original FEED package and worked with our partner, JGC, to design a more economical and appropriate plot plan. We then optimized the design using our zero-based execution approach to define minimum operating requirements and improve capital efficiency. And finally, working [Audio Gap] with the client, we were able to leverage our supply chain and fabrication capabilities, allowing us to [Audio Gap] of needed on-site labor by over 35%, which is probably the largest risk on that project.  I look forward to talking more on this project once FID is achieved. 
We also saw opportunities on 2 other LNG projects. We recently [Audio Gap] our bid for a project in the U.S. that could move [ forward ] in 2019. The other prospect is in Mozambique currently. We expect it to reach FID in the second half of 2019. Outside of our LNG opportunities, we expect a decision on a large petrochemical plant later this year, with another one expected early next year.  
Globally, we expect that the financial health of our clients will continue to drive CapEx spending on select advantaged projects. This includes significant downstream and petrochemical [Audio Gap] in Asia, and Europe, Africa and Middle East. While we continue to pursue a number of prospects, both [Audio Gap] and internationally, we will maintain our [Audio Gap] and limit our pursuits to projects that allow us to fully leverage our people, systems and processes to maximize opportunity and, more importantly, minimize risk.
The one challenge for the quarter was a project in Europe, of which we have 36 million in backlog remaining at the end of the quarter. And at the end of July, the project was approximately 95% complete, and we expect to reach final completion in September.
Let's turn to Slide 4. The Mining, Industrial, Infrastructure & Power group reported new awards of $3.6 billion in the second quarter, including the South Flank iron ore replacement mine for BHP in Australia. And the Los Angeles International Airport Automated People Mover project. Ending backlog for the segment was $12.4 billion.
I'm pleased to see the mining market continue its upward trajectory, as clients turn to us to help improve their capital efficiency. At the end of the second quarter, our [ mining ] backlog stood at $4.8 billion, which is a significant improvement from $1.2 billion a year ago. We expect some additional awards over the next 2 quarters that should drive mining backlog into the $6 billion to $8 billion range by year-end. 
We continue to see opportunities in infrastructure, which includes our recent announcement that our team was the preferred bidder on the Gordie Howe international bridge project connecting Windsor, Ontario and Detroit, Michigan. It's the second project in this region for Fluor and our partner, as we recently completed a parkway in Windsor that will connect to this bridge. We expect the bridge authority to reach financial [Audio Gap] on this project this year. 
[Audio Gap] for this segment included an additional charge related to our gas-fired project in Florida, and we have $37 million in backlog remaining on this project at the end of the quarter. And through the end of July, the project is 93% complete. I am pleased to report that last night, we were able to successfully achieve first fire on power block 1, which is a huge [ milestone ] and supports the [Audio Gap] completion dates that we're moving [Audio Gap]. This project, along with our Greensville County [Audio Gap] scheduled to be completed by year end, and this will mark our exit from the [ fix fired ] power market in the United States. Our Power group is currently refocusing its efforts on other end markets. 
Turning to Slide 5. The Government group reported new awards of $742 million, which includes [ task orders ] for LOGCAP IV in Afghanistan. Backlog was $2.3 billion. Looking [Audio Gap] to the second half of 2018, we were recently selected by the U.S. Navy's Naval Sea Systems Command and the National Nuclear Security Administration to manage the Naval Nuclear Laboratory. And we were also part of the team that recently won a contract to oversee operations at [ Los Alamos ] National Laboratory.
[Audio Gap]
is coming to fruition. Recent wins are in additional to our pursuit of LOGCAP V contract and the liquid waste contracts at Savannah River and Hanford. 
If you turn to Slide 6, please. Diversified [ Services ] reported new awards of $513 million. [Audio Gap] an award to operate and maintain gas fields in Colombia. Ending backlog for the quarter was $2.2 billion. And as you may have heard, our oil and gas clients are [ beginning ] to increase spending levels on major maintenance programs [Audio Gap] is well-positioned to benefit from this increased level of spending. 
Before Bruce provides the financial update, I want to briefly comment on tariffs. We've done a lot of homework over the last few months looking at the impact of tariffs on us and our clients. After doing a deep dive on our projects, we believe we can mitigate the Fluor exposure to tariffs through purchasing strategies and contract provisions. 
Now I'll turn it over to Bruce. Bruce?

So I -- we're always looking at how do we reduce our run rate. We've gone through a process over the last couple of years of really what we talked about in terms of dispersed execution. And what we've done is we've been able to kind of stabilize those -- that headcount across the board. And there's 2 activities that we've undertaken. One is the densification effort, so that we're maximizing the square footage of the existing facilities. And then, over the next few years, we're going to exit an existing facility in Houston and build another one. And in doing so, we will [ reduce our ] footprint in Houston from about 1.2 million square feet to about 600,000. So yes, we're focused on overhead reduction and making sure that we're as sharp as we can be. On those 2 projects, I'll start [Audio Gap] the power project. I hold a weekly call with the project team, including the president of that group, which is almost resident at the site. I can't overstate the importance of first fire [ today ] because it supports the schedules that we have, notwithstanding the charge that we had. The charge that we had this quarter was [ an instance ] both in terms of material and labor associated with it, which on [Audio Gap] projects, that would have been handled by contingency. And because this thing's out in lights, everything stands out, and that's why we had to announce it. I still believe that because of the schedule, there's a positive adjustment at the end of the year available to us, assuming that we continue to perform. But my accounting friends have made us report it the way that we've reported it. On the project in Europe, that project will be completed in September. Again, we're in negotiations with the customer, and I expect some relief associated with that write-down that we took in the quarter. But that project is all but done. So I think these legacy issues, as we get to December, will be -- are behind us.

It's too early. We won't break ground until we probably [Audio Gap]. Our lease at the existing Sugarland facility ends in, I think, it's June 21. So it's going to be a significant -- it won't be significant until we get to 21.

But I think that when you look to the [ future ], we talked about integrated solutions, we talked about the things that we've been investing in and doing to change the model. And the question that you guys asked, I don't know, 4 years ago, was do you think you'll ever get back in to the 6% margin range in E&C? And I believe, because of what we've done, yes, we're going to get back to 6% and stay at 6% as we run through this next cycle. And as I've said, we're on the early side of the cycle. And I believe the things that we've done and the pieces of projects that we're doing now that we were subcontracting before supports a higher margin going forward, as we get into next year and the year after.

Yes, I feel pretty good about where we sit right now. We've had some things shift from quarter to quarter still, some decisions being made. I think there's a little bit of trepidation on our customers because of tariffs. We've done the studies and we know what those -- what that impact could be. In most case, it doesn't impact the clients' model. So I think that our win rate will be more solid than maybe I'd suggested in prior discussions. A good line of sight in the second quarter and -- I'm sorry, third quarter and fourth [Audio Gap] awards and pretty high confidence in hitting some big numbers in those 2 quarters. So as I said in my prepared remarks, this is the first time we've seen a positive move in backlog since '16. And I think you're going to see that reality as we go through the next [Audio Gap]. But decisions are being made [Audio Gap] confidence is maybe stronger than it was last quarter when I kind of maybe had a little bit too stern a warning. But we feel pretty good about where we're headed. And the long-awaited change in the cycle that we've talked [Audio Gap], and we're on the very beginning stage of that. I mean, mining alone, if you go to, what was it, close of year '16, we had $800 million in backlog. And today, we're over [ 4 to 6 to 8]. And I see the same change in trajectory in oil and gas and some of the other stuff. I think it's understated a little bit. But what the [ government ] has been able to do with the laboratory community [Audio Gap] is tremendous. And again, you look at [Audio Gap] revenues and earnings in our business, it's usually a very, very small percentage. And what we've been working on with the acquisition of Stork and with our focus on government is growing that recurring earnings, which just allows us to grow in this cycle bigger than we were in the last cycle. So if you're sensing a little bit of optimism more so than the last quarter, it's correct. I am -- I -- because we can see the awards that are in front of us.

Yes, Andy, you're breaking up. I'm sorry, we got a bad line today. But I think that the short answer to your question is yes. In the last call maybe, I think it was the last call, we began the [Audio Gap] in January, the eighth year of the downturn in terms of capital spending across the board. And we've been signaling the bottom for some time. Well, we've seen [Audio Gap]. And the way I look at this cycle is -- and what we've done on -- not just doing it [Audio Gap] but in just the skill sets around supply chain, our construction capability, our fabrication capability, I think we've got a great [ opportunity ] to be a much bigger company in this cycle than we were in [ previous ] cycles. I was in China 2 weeks ago in our yard that is absolutely [Audio Gap] soccer block full of modules for the Al-Zour power plant. And I'm telling you, if you go and walk that site, you can see why we did what we did and how successful we're going to be. There was 14 [ teams ] sailed out in May, and they're fitting quickly. So not only is the competitiveness of our offering proving out, but the quality of our offering is proving out. And I think that, that's only going to be an added benefit when you look at this next cycle and the projects that are in front of us, and the customers that are [Audio Gap] for surety in terms of cost and schedule. So again, just like Steven's comment, I'm pretty bullish on what we've invested in. It's just a shame that [ we had ] this noise on legacy projects that have dampened what could have been some really good quarters over the last 2 years. And we've done everything in our power to lessen that risk and give us better insight and surety in terms of our performance going forward.

We're in startup, and it [Audio Gap] quarters. Basically, the answer to that, nothing stands in the way of startup in their operation in September.

Well, I think in my prepared remarks, the comment about taking 5% of the labor off the job site is key, just because of the location. And regardless of where you are in the world, there is a limit on skilled, capable crafts people, whether it's the Gulf Coast, the United States, the Middle East or any place else. So one of the risk mitigations is being able to put things in a controlled environment in terms of quality and safety and the things that go with it. I think the other -- and this is -- it's a technical term, so be prepared. It's one throat to choke. Our customers are looking for one company that they can look to, to deliver these assets. And more and more, most of our customers are looking past the unit rates, they're looking for total delivery. And that's what we focused on, that's what we've invested in, and that's why I feel like, in this cycle, we've got the ability to connect the dots, and there's no middleman that we've got to negotiate with. We can get things done in a more timely manner and make sure that we can stay in sequence. In every one of the problem projects, something has gotten out of sequence, and there's lots of reasons why. Some is the customer, some is the equipment supplier and some is of our own [Audio Gap]. But making sure you stay in sequence is the biggest risk mitigator to delivering cost and schedule.

No, it doesn't change what we're targeting at all. It's -- you look at LNG now, and it's almost synonymous with the way the offshore market runs, where the beginning of exploratory wells, somehow, the partners change, either in percentages or completely changed out. And I think you're going to see that in LNG. There's always going to be a leak and then some of the other companies are going to ebb and flow. So I don't see that as abnormal, and it certainly doesn't change the ones we're focused on.

Well [ the one on ] [indiscernible] that's been announced that we're on, that's a very large project. And then, what you've got is a lot of replacement capacity-type projects that are out there. You've seen the commodity prices like I have, copper kind of leading the way. And most of those projects are things again that have been pushed to the right on the schedule because of capital needs and this kind of down cycle. So yes, we're tracking a lot of very large projects, and it's not just this year. I mean, I think this is going to be a longer cycle in mining than maybe we've seen in the past.

No I -- as I've said before, I think the public-private partnership approach has to be the leading approach if these things are going to get done. I mean, you've seen that our Congress can't pass or even sign a good infrastructure bill. The [Audio Gap] I think has been pretty clear about what he wants. And in both cases, they've used PPP as the go-to model. But federal governments, state governments, they can't afford them, so you've got to go to the private side to be able to fund them, and there is a lot of money sitting on the [ sidelines ] waiting to fund these things. So [Audio Gap] financial closure on these things on a schedule that we expect is pretty high probability there. But as you can see with the LAX People Mover, Gordie Howe, all those things are starting to move forward, and there's several more kind of big programs that we're [ pursuing ] right now that give us confidence that, that business is going to continue to grow. Now if the U.S. federal government can get their ducks in a row and pass an infrastructure bill, I think that supersizes the opportunity there.

It's been delayed. The -- basically, we've invested as much as we can invest until the next projects come in. But there is an investment coming, but it will be towards the end of the year. And if not, could slip into next year, but towards the end of the year.

Michael, I think so. As I said, they pushed their spending, both on the major maintenance shutdown turnaround kinds of things as well as on the capital side to the right for the last 6, 7 years. And they still have to do the same thing [Audio Gap] meet their bogeys in terms of reserves, new product that they're looking to do if you get back into the petrochemical side, mining side. One of the fears I have is if you think back to that last cycle, it got a little pretty overheated in terms of those commodities, the engineering equipment, the building materials that we had, hoping there's a little more structure and discipline in that -- this cycle [Audio Gap] signal before. I'm hoping it [Audio Gap] bigger than it was. I mean, there's more [Audio Gap] out there available now than there was in the last cycle, to be -- put a point on it. But I just think it's going to point to a longer period of that peak. But there's a lot of big projects that are lining up. And I feel really good about our position to capture our fair share.

That's the plan.

Well, I'm pretty bullish about where we are. I mean, we're the only small modular reactor technology that's actually matured to a point [Audio Gap]. There's a lot of people talking about what they've got it. But really, all they've got is something on a piece of [Audio Gap]. We've got equipment being built to [Audio Gap] tested that supports the NRC [ requirement ] and design certification. So I feel pretty good about that. Getting through that first phase, which we did this last quarter, puts us in a position where outside investors are starting to show interest. The Department of Energy has been very supportive of what we're doing and how we're doing it. And I think that we're headed towards what we expected. But as I've said, our expected investment was [ always ] meant to be replaced by others, and that's what we're looking for. I've put a lot of pressure on the NuScale team to actually do that. And [Audio Gap] the DOE is [ helping with ] that in terms of that match. And as I said [Audio Gap] is peaking. So I feel pretty [Audio Gap] that we're on our schedule. And I'm not willing to say what -- how much less for '19, but it will be significantly less.

Yes, I'm probably not going to get too deep into that. The new rev rec approach smoothes things. So in previous times, we would have been doing the engineering early, which [Audio Gap] margin than the construction did. So that fast ramp up and peak won't match the last cycle, I guess, is the way I would categorize it. But these projects are starting quick. And we are burning percent complete [Audio Gap] quickly than we did in previous cycle. So I wouldn't predict double digit, but I think we got a good growth story. And we'll obviously give you more of that type of detail when we have our Investor Day.

Yes. I think, we said the backlog today sits with E&C at about $12 billion. The previous peak was about double that. And I think we can grow past that in this cycle. I'm not going to give you the number, but I think that significant growth over that 24 is available to us in this cycle. The -- with regard to LNG, yes, you're right, it's starting to percolate here with that win. It's a big win for us. But I'd remind you that we're teamed with JGC. So we're leveraging their resources, not just Fluor resources, and we'll continue to [Audio Gap]. They have had more than, I don't know what the peak was, but certainly [Audio Gap] 2 or 3 in their backlog at one time in the last cycle. I'm not uncomfortable with that same number as we get into this cycle. As I said, though, I think it's going to be a little bit longer cycle this time. So when you think about LNG Canada as an example, you've got about a 12- to 18-month design cycle. And those people will start to come -- become available 9 months into the process. So as you can see, just on timing, we can have several in backlog at the same time as long as there [Audio Gap] completion, fits the [Audio Gap]. But the good thing about Fluor, and when you do have those big projects, is you attract the best and brightest. We've proven that over our history. And again, in this cycle, we'll do that again. I think, with the discipline around the design systems that we've changed, some of the predictive tools that we've got and the added capabilities that we have in terms of supply chain, construction fabrication, give us better bandwidth -- bigger bandwidth in this cycle than we've had in previous cycles.

Yes, we kind of [Audio Gap] some of the businesses within Stork and some of the [Audio Gap] on the Fluor -- historic Fluor side. As I mentioned, most of those customers in oil and gas and in mining and everybody else stopped spending, and we're seeing a tremendous [Audio Gap] in terms of those major maintenance projects as turnarounds and shutdowns. So [Audio Gap] '19, '20, '21, I think you'll see them grow pretty rapidly, frankly, as those projects come up. As you know, there's a lot of assets on the ground that need to be maintained. And I think that our business model allows us to do that for those customers as well.

Thank you, operator. I'll attempt to close this out here.  As we move, as I've said, into the [Audio Gap] '18, there's a number of signs that the cycle is pivoting from its multiyear trough. In my conversations with the customers, they're optimistic but measured in their efforts to move some of these projects forward that can deliver value across a range of economic cycles. Our clients are being thoughtful in which firms they engage, and they're looking at more than just an E&C provider. They're looking for strong capability in the functions, but they [Audio Gap] in terms of cost and schedule. They are [ starting ] to focus on characteristics other than the lowest EPC bid. We are approaching this next cycle differently than we had the prior cycles. [Audio Gap] progress in the past few years can transform [Audio Gap] from a transactional reimbursable model to a [Audio Gap] supports collaboration and allows our company to bring innovative solutions to each and every project on which we work. 
I thank you all for participating in the call today, and greatly appreciate your support in Fluor. Have a good day.