Thank you, Jason. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us. On today's call, we'll review our third quarter results relative to our preannouncement 3 weeks ago and discuss our outlook for the rest of this year.
Earnings attributable to Fluor in the third quarter were $77 million or $0.55 per diluted share compared with earnings of $94 million and $0.67 per diluted share a year ago. Bruce will talk about the financial details in his discussion.
If you turn to Slide 3. For the third quarter, new awards for Energy & Chemicals segment were $644 million and ending backlog was $11.4 billion. At the beginning of October, the consortium behind the LNG Canada project reached a final investment decision with final notice to proceed being received this week. Fluor will book its $8.4 billion share of the approximately $14 billion contract in the fourth quarter.
Throughout the bidding and planning process for the LNG Canada project, we have focused on identifying the biggest obstacles to success in creating a comprehensive mitigation strategy. We've relied on our zero-based execution approach in addition to our supply chain and fabrication capability to enhance the productivity and cost control. We believe these key advantages, along with our data-driven execution approach, provide a distinct, competitive advantage for the large EPC projects clients are developing.
We continue to see a number of advantage projects that fit our pursuit profile over the next several quarters. These include LNG projects in Mozambique, chemical facilities including methanol facilities in the Gulf Coast as well as further cracker complexes.
Turning to Slide 4 to Mining, Industrial, Infrastructure & Power group reported new awards of $5.4 billion for the third quarter and ending backlog was $16.5 billion. This quarter, we booked the Quellaveco copper mine in Peru and the Gordie Howe International Bridge connecting Detroit and Windsor, Canada. Our mining backlog within that group continues to grow and now stands at $8.1 billion, up from $4.8 billion from the last quarter.
Building off our success in mining and infrastructure, we're currently tracking prospects in copper, gold and bauxite. For infrastructure, we're continuing -- currently pursuing projects in Illinois, Virginia and Texas.
Turning to Slide 5. The Government group reported new awards for the quarter of $3.3 billion, which included the DOE extension at Savannah River through 2019, the Portsmouth DOD contract through 2021 and the Strategic Petroleum Reserve contract through 2024. Ending backlog was $5.1 billion. For 2009, (sic) [ 2019 ] we are well positioned to win the liquid waste contract at Savannah River and the LOGCAP V contract.
If you turn to Slide 6 into Diversified Services segment, they reported new awards of $336 million, which includes a 2-year extension for storage delivery, integrated specialist, asset integrity services for the offshore production platforms located in central North Sea. Ending backlog for the quarter is $2 billion.
While revenue for the quarter was lighter than our expectation, this is the first time we've seen a book-to-bill ratio above 2.0 in the last 10 years. We believe this is a meaningful indicator of a strong beginning to the cycle.
Finally, I want to share with you an update on the 2 projects that led to our preannouncement we released a few weeks ago. On our Citrus gas-fired project in Florida, I'm pleased to say that one of the power blocks has been placed in service by our client, and the other power block is completing the planned catalyst replacement outage following successful steam blows. On our downstream project in Europe, the client has commissioned the facility and we achieved commercial operations. Both of these projects will be complete this year. 
And with that, I'll turn it over to Bruce. Bruce?

I'll start with the last one, Jamie, I think it's too early to know. The pursuit strategies and proposals that we have underway haven't really been impacted by that. Maybe it changes what the customers are thinking but none of those projects that we've been pursuing has changed their schedule or their approach because of changes in the competitive slate. On the margin, there's nothing unusual in what we've reported. We're kind of in that -- an interesting place where we're ramping up but we're not there yet. And one example is how, in particular, the 2 methanol projects have slipped almost -- well, over a year. And in fact, one of them -- I'd say both of them are next year from an award standpoint. So that's really the basis for why we kind of have this slow ramp, if you will, second half of the year because we really expected those to have been awarded at least by mid this year. So we've missed it by at least 2 quarters.

Well, I'm not going to talk about '19 yet, but we'll provide some color as we get to the Investor Conference. I can't promise you anything. All I could tell you is that those 2 projects are all but complete. I -- the news on the in-service on power block 1 is huge and was significantly ahead of the schedule that we had set. And we expect the second power block to do the same thing. And on the project in Europe, I mean, they're in commercial operation now. So there's just follow-on stuff, dribs and drabs. But we've accounted for those as we do -- as we thought we did the quarters before. But as you well know, I've been burned by those 2 projects for most of this year. So I'm not going to predict anything. But I will say I've got confidence that we're -- we see the very end.

Well, I think with rev rec, you're going to see something different than you've seen in your models before, in that the margin profile is going to be over the 5 years of that project -- just use an LNG candidate as an example. The earnings will be over the 5 years, you won't have the spike in earnings in the engineering phase like we've had before, which I think is actually a good thing because you'll be able to model it in a much more smooth way than trying to anticipate where we are in that EPC cycle. So I think that it's going to start to ramp as we get through '19 when you start laying -- layering all of these big projects that we put in backlog in mining as well as what's coming in, in E&C. So we're going to be building through the year is, I guess, the way I would articulate it.

Not really. It's a great question. There's a lot of noise, but we haven't seen any behavioral changes on behalf of our clients, whether -- you picked the political kerfuffle, whether it's the Saudis or tariffs or whatever, we really haven't seen any change in behaviors. And I really don't anticipate it. And that goes back to when I was in the Middle East and the Iraqis were still throwing Scud missiles south, it did not slow any of the decision-making then. So I don't think we're going to see much of a attitude change in -- on the part of our clients. On the tariff side, and I'll just use the Gordie Howe Project as an example. When we bid that job, we were fearful of whether they would be the new NAFTA, whatever acronyms that stands for now. I don't even know what it is. I just call it the new NAFTA. You take steel as an example, anything that's bought from the Canadian side is Canadian steel, and everything that's bought from the U.S. side is U.S. steel. Because of the sophistication of our supply chain, that's an easy thing for us to deal with. And I would say that, that the example applies to just about any place around the globe. In China, we're certainly seeing harsher attitudes but not much more than we normally see. But there's clearly projects in China that we're pursuing with great gusto right now and feel pretty good about our position. So I don't even think what's happening between the U.S. and China will stop that spending because both the major customers that we're dealing with aren't U.S.-based customers.

Again, I think the cadence of those types of projects are going to follow the cadence that we've expected. I don't think there's any action that will speed things up, if you will. But there -- when you look at that part of the world and just pick refining, they don't produce in -- the volumes necessary to supply that local demand. So they -- they're going to have to do some things to have those world fuels, as an example. So they're a little bit behind where the Europeans are a little bit ahead.

I'll have you, Bruce, answer that.

I think it goes to my comment about the layering effect in these big projects and how they -- how they're starting.

No, I think it's just the layering that I've been talking about. Is -- as we've talked -- this is the first year in 10 years we've been able to have this kind of performance. And I think it is the indicator that the cycle was changing. It's been a difficult period of time, and we're finally starting to see the -- kind of the fruits of our labor, whether it's the integrated solutions approach, to ability to do true EPC work which is what our customers are asking for, the diversity of our offering. I think it's all kind of coming together. And like I said, I think we're in the early stages of what's going to be a pretty robust several years.

On the mining question, it is going to be Phase 1 and Phase 2. We won't have the same sort of ramp-up in '19 in new awards. There are going to be some good awards. But 2020 is shaping up to be bigger than what we're -- what we've seen in 2018 in terms of new awards for mining. So I think there -- as I've told you before, I think there's a longer tail on this cycle for both mining and oil and gas. So I'm pretty bullish about mining over the longer term. And these projects are 3, 4, 5 years, just like the E&C projects. So again, we start thinking about that layering of those big projects in a more stable earnings stream, I think we're in for a lot more stability going forward with increased profitability. On your question about next Tuesday, who knows? I know that in my conversations, neither Congress or the Senate were going to give the President 2 wins in a year. They gave him tax. Infrastructure's probably next. If I'm to prognosticate, if the Democrats take the House, my guess is that there'll probably more money asked for. Whether that actually becomes reality, I don't know. Obviously, the spending bills have to be ratified by both half -- both bodies. So you're going to have the Senate, you're going to have OMB that are a little tighter with the dollar than maybe the other side. But I think we get an infrastructure bill done next year, and I think that's going to be good for the country and good for us. Certainly, we've been pretty successful, and we're bidding a lot of programs now. And I think that under the current leadership, they've opened their aperture and I think their breadth is greater going into this. So I think they've got more capacity in the next wave. So I'm pretty optimistic about some sort of infrastructure bill and it having some benefit on us. But let's say, it gets passed mid next year to third quarter next year, you're into 2020, 2021 before anything gets -- actually puts paper in and awarded. But that's okay because that's going to be building that business over the longer term, over and above what I think is a pretty robust market for us right now.

A great question. I think we've got capacity well above 1 or 2 for 2 reasons. One is as you look at LNG Canada with full notice to proceed, we'll be well down the road on design before any of the other ones are actually awarded, which means that we'll just shift that project team over, in some cases, to the second project. And I would say the third would be the same. We're kind of looking at those projects in that kind of a scheduled lens. It's what fits the infrastructure we have. I don't see an issue with our leadership in that regard or the supply chain pieces that we have. Fabrication, we may end up, depending on where we are with the other businesses, looking at that next phase of the yard in China. But I don't -- it's not a huge investment for us if we have to go in that direction. So I think us making sure that we're timing these projects properly and they fit kind of us with the ability to implement these things from a supply chain standpoint, I think we're in pretty good position.

We're actually seeing feasibility studies pick up. There's a lot of pent-up demand. So as you look through '19, a lot of the awards in mining are going to be those kinds of studies, and -- which leads to 2020. Now obviously, they've got to get to the FID on the full investment. I'm pretty confident that even with the uncertainty that you see today, that they're going to get to the point where they need the capacity, they need the oar on the water. Because as you well know, in the commodity market, if you can't put the oar on the water, you're not going to win the -- you're not going to have the cash to go with it. So I anticipate study work to continue to grow, and -- despite the challenges politically right now. And I do think a lot of those projects are going to go to a positive FID as we get into 2020.

So on Diversified Services, one of the problems we had is the spending in oil and gas, being so long low for so long, that is the main business that Stork is in. That spending habit is changing to where there's quite a few opportunities available to us as we start to get into next year. Their bid slate's pretty full, but it's a highly competitive market. But I do feel pretty good about their ability to grow as we get through next year, from what I would argue as probably their low point. AMECO, the same thing. It's going to follow the construction stuff. And I think as you said, we'll -- I think we'll start to see a pick up there, both in terms of servicing Fluor but also in terms of servicing some of the mining companies because that is one of the areas that they focus on and in the past, it's been a good earner for them. So I think that's the case. Relative to NuScale, we signaled that we will have a significantly less spend on NuScale in 2019 and beyond. Not really going to signal anything more than that. But we are in the process of looking at partners and potential people to sell part of the venture to. But in terms of Fluor's expenditure, it will be significantly less than it was in 2018.

The -- one of the issues we have with infrastructure is just the gestation period of the bids. The time frame to get from kind of the RFP to an award is a lot longer in that market. Because of some of the private-public partnership issues and pulling those funding vehicles together, it takes a lot longer to get one across the finish line. So that's really what's driving my comment about how robust it's going to be. But I did say that the management team that we've got in place now has kind of opened the aperture. And that's with -- what we're calling the Fluor Heavy Civil. Those are some of the smaller road jobs that are taking place in places like Texas and Virginia and South Carolina and Arizona. And we're being very successful. And those are some of the smaller projects. But from a utilization of equipment, people, it's very healthy to that business. And that is actually picking up. We're seeing a significant uptick in terms of the number of projects we're bidding. So again, I think that we're building a more sustainable infrastructure model, as opposed to being a big game hunter, if you will, for some of the marquee projects that are out there. We're still going to do that. We're still going to go after those with gusto. But I think we've got a little bit more balanced portfolio within the infrastructure group going forward.

Thank you very much. We look forward to speaking with all of you or most of you in a few weeks at our Investor Day and giving you a little bit more insight into our transformation into a data-driven company and certainly the integrated solutions benefits. Thanks to all of you participating on today's call, and we greatly appreciate your support in Fluor. Have a safe day.