Great. Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. 
Before we move into operational results, I'd like to start by pointing out some of the more interesting events and notable items our employees are currently involved in. This quarter, I want to highlight Melvina Stacey, our HSE Deputy Director in Canada. Two months ago, she started a series on social media where she showcases women in HSE roles at Fluor. 
In her introduction to the series, she acknowledges the challenges of being seen, heard and recognized in what is traditionally a male-dominated construction industry and how the company has positively responded. Fluor is committed to our DE&I program in ensuring that everyone could be seen, heard and recognized for their hard work. And thank you to Melvina for your efforts, and I encourage all of you to follow Fluor on LinkedIn for future installments of her series.  
Let's begin by providing some perspective on what we're seeing in each of our major end markets, starting with Mission Solutions. Please turn to Slide 3. In Mission Solutions, we experienced quite a bit of activity during the quarter. To begin with, margins for the quarter reflect increased execution activity on U.S. Department of Energy projects, higher-than-forecasted performance-based fees and the release of COVID-19 cost reserves.  
This strong performance was somewhat offset by the LOGCAP IV Afghanistan program that was completed in July. New awards for the quarter were strong at $1.6 billion. Our largest award in the segment was a $789 million 12-month extension to our management and operations contract for the DOE's Savannah River Site.  
Our other major award for the quarter was a contract for $495 million to provide humanitarian support at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico for Afghan evacuees as a part of Operation Allies Welcome. This award was under the Air Force Contract Augmentation Program that Fluor has been a part of since 2020. 
Specific to this effort, we received a call from the Air Force in late August, and within a week, we had temporary housing, food, medical and other critical humanitarian assistance for 1,000 evacuees, and an increased total capacity a few weeks later to 5,000. Currently, more than 4,000 men, women and children call this newly created facility home. 
Fluor will continue to provide assistance until the operation concludes, likely next spring. And I want to personally thank all of our employees that mobilize so quickly to support this important effort.  
Last week, a joint venture, including Fluor, was awarded the Savannah River Site Integrated Mission Completion Contract. This indefinite delivery -- indefinite quantity award is valued at up to $21 billion over the next 10 years. Work will include liquid waste stabilization and disposition, among other requirements. This is a great award that expands our presence on the Savannah River Site in South Carolina. 
Our next major pursuit in Mission Solutions is the Y12/Pantex Management & Operations contract in Tennessee and Texas. We anticipate hearing about potential selection for this multibillion-dollar award in the next few months.
Now let's turn to our Urban Solutions group on Slide 4. In mining, we booked a copper project in Indonesia with a valued long-term client. In our conversations with mining clients, we continue to see a disciplined approach to project analysis and final investment decisions.  
Mining clients are aware of the critical role they play as the world focuses on energy transition and electrification. At the same time, they are taking a fresh look at their own portfolio of assets and identifying how they can significantly reduce energy and water consumption with a specific focus on increased use of renewable power.  
Our FEED pipeline of future mining work remains steady, and we continue to work on a slate of projects under limited notice to proceed contracts. Over the next 4 quarters, we expect to book opportunities to support a broad range of commodities, including copper, nickel, alumina, lithium, steel and phosphates.  
Please now turn to Slide 5. In Infrastructure, we booked $316 million in revenue for our share of the I-35E Phase 2 expansion project in Dallas for TxDOT. This 6.5 mile long design build project includes full reconstruction and expansion of the existing general purpose lanes as well as the reconstruction of 2 managed lanes.  
Before talking about prospects in this segment, I want to provide a quick update on our legacy Infrastructure portfolio. During the quarter, we recognized $19 million in forecasted adjustments on a light rail project that has experienced schedule delays and productivity challenges. The project is approximately 90% complete, and we anticipate project completion next summer.  
There are no significant changes in estimated cost to complete the remaining legacy Infrastructure projects. And as a reminder, we expect to receive the final settlement payment on the Purple Line project next month.  
Our Infrastructure clients continue to express interest in the pending infrastructure bill. While we remain disciplined in our approach, we see some near-term opportunities in roads and bridges as well as project management only prospects.  
Turning to 6. In advanced technologies and life sciences, we are starting to convert some of our initial enthusiasm around semiconductor manufacturing into new awards. During the quarter, we won the front-end scope of a large semiconductor project in Arizona.  This is the first of many awards that we were tracking for this facility over the next 12 months. We're also winning new work to support food packaging clients. 
Overall, momentum continues to build in Urban Solutions. While we expect to see lower new awards in the fourth quarter, we are well positioned to convert our existing FEED pipeline into full EPC contracts next year.  
Moving to Energy Solutions on Slide 7. Results for the quarter were more in line with our expectations, with segment margins of 5.3%. These positive segment margin results included an $18 million gain recognized on an embedded derivative inside of an equity method investment, which is excluded from our adjusted EPS numbers. New awards in the quarter totaled $644 million compared to $141 million in the third quarter of 2020 and included refining and LNG work in Mexico.  
Turning to Slide 8. Our work on LNG Canada continues to advance positively. During the third quarter, we crossed the 50% completion mark, and we continue to drive scheduled progress through fabrication and construction activities. 
On October 30, we also celebrated a 3-year milestone from the receipt of the project's full notice to proceed. Engineering on the project is essentially complete, and all major procurement has been awarded. Remaining procurement efforts are centered on top-ups of bulk materials, such as pipe and cables. Accordingly, the project has mitigated inflation concerns on the equipment and materials for this project.  
We are operating in a COVID-restricted environment there. Last quarter, we announced an agreement with the client for COVID-related delays and costs for engineering and procurement through February 26, 2021. We continue to monitor our progress on our procurement, fabrication and construction activities and are working with the client to mitigate any additional COVID-related delays and costs.  
I'm pleased to say that our first 16 modules have shipped, and we expect to receive them at our marine offloading facility starting next week. These are the first of 192 modules weighing a total of 256,000 tons that will be fabricated and shipped to the site.  
And finally, we began our heavy lift mechanical equipment program with the installation of 2 precoolers and the main cryogenic heat exchangers for Train 1. This reflects the site moving towards substantial aboveground construction activities, as you can see on Slide 8.  
Now please turn to Slide 9. Our efforts to support the energy transition needs of our clients continues to accelerate. During the quarter, we received work to support renewable biodiesel and lithium production projects. 
Interest in our ability to decarbonize existing assets is coming primarily from Europe and the U.S. This includes Fluor's proprietary carbon capture technologies, renewable-driven e-crackers, electric drive motors and increased demand for hydrogen-based power. We also see increased activity in battery chemicals to support the expanding needs of the automotive industry.  
When you look at our opportunities across the Energy Solutions landscape, we see that our clients have resumed investing in sustaining capital and small capital projects. Larger projects, other than what we see in chemicals, remain on the drawing board. Although competition continues to be brisk, we remain disciplined in the projects and clients we pursue.  
Now let's turn to NuScale on Slide 10. As we mentioned last quarter, we received considerable interest in our carbon-free nuclear power solution, with $193 million received in outside investments this year. We continue to receive positive feedback from Guggenheim Securities, which NuScale retained 6 months ago to accelerate the funding of its path to commercialization.  
During the third quarter, NuScale signed MOUs with entities in Poland and the Ukraine. They are seeking to move forward with small modular reactor deployments. 
NuScale also reached an agreement at COP26 to advance clean energy development in Romania, and Fluor signed an MOU with Bulgarian Energy Holding, as they look for opportunities to convert their existing coal-fired fleet to SMRs.  
NuScale also announced the building out of its manufacturing supply chain with a key partner in Canada. 
Finally, Fluor received additional work from Utah Associated Municipal Power Systems to develop the NRC combined construction and operating license application and the initial site-specific plant design for the NuScale technology facility to be built at the Idaho National Laboratory.  
Now please turn to Slide 11. Since September, Fluor has been working to meet vaccine deadlines on government projects that are covered under President Biden's executive order. In Mission Solutions, where a majority of our government contracts have received the mandate contract language, we will continue to work towards complying with the vaccine mandate and encourage our employees to meet the corresponding deadlines.  
Our nongovernment business lines are also encountering vaccine mandates being issued by a few commercial clients. We are carefully considering such mandates to ensure they are properly addressed in contract modifications, are implemented in a legally compliant manner and keep our projects productive.  
Yesterday, in addition, OSHA released a new emergency temporary standard that will require companies with 100 or more employees to mandate that their staff be fully vaccinated or get weekly testing. Our teams will be working closely together to ensure we respond accordingly.  
On the international front, we are starting to see clients and government signal moves in a similar direction. 
On Slide 12, I want to share a few observations as we head into the final quarter of 2021 and provide a look ahead into 2022. In the near term, we expect to see variability in new awards as clients continue to weigh the timing of capital expenditures against the impacts of supply chain disruptions, labor availability and inflation. 
Currently, we are working on or have recently completed several hundred Study and FEED projects, representing over $170 billion in estimated total installed cost. Looking ahead, we are tracking over 200 Study and FEED prospects in the next 18 months, representing over $150 billion in TIC across the markets we serve. 
Overall, I'm very pleased with the speed and the direction we are moving the company. We are well into creating an organization that aligns with the needs of our clients and the expectations of consistent returns for our stakeholders. This includes a healthier backlog that is coupled with our efforts to improve our processes and permanently reduce costs throughout the organization.  
During the quarter, we finalized our path forward that includes overhead savings of over $150 million annually when fully implemented. For more details on these savings and our financial results for the third quarter, I'll turn the call over to Joe. Joe?

Steven, thanks for the question. The energy transition work is really starting to gain momentum as we see our traditional clients moving forward with those activities. You see the big oil companies setting up specific business units, new energy, low-carbon energy businesses and -- like the Chevron and ExxonMobil putting in. I think Chevron has got $10 billion put in there through 2028, and ExxonMobil with similar numbers. So I think energy transition is really going to pick up. 
As far as your question around backlog, I think we're about $21 billion right now overall. And we see Energy Solutions started to gain momentum across, not only just energy transition, but the entire Energy Solutions business segment.  
And we're tracking $45 billion in prospects, greater than $50 million EP, EPC, EPCM projects over the next 12 months. And a good portion of that sits in -- it's sometimes difficult to break out because all of our clients are focused on energy transition. So it's just not with the traditional customers, but it's across all 10 major business lines that we've got. 
So when you think about it -- when you've got -- we're chasing $15 billion in mining projects in the next 12 months. A good portion of that is energy transition, as is -- it is in chemicals where we've got $5.5 billion that we're going after in the next 12 months.  
Energy transition itself, including NuScale and SMRs right now are the -- prospects in 2022 are at about $2.5 billion. 
So we see the backlog. I think from a backlog perspective, we are turning a corner at the company. We're really excited about the first half of 2022. Talking with our Head of Corporate Development, Al Collins, who's been around the company for a long time, he says we haven't seen these types of numbers in a long, long time as a list of prospects goes here in the first half. So yes, turning a corner and really excited about starting to book a healthy backlog with good margins. Thanks, Steven.

Yes. I think we're really in good shape. As I said, as we've announced in the second quarter, the first COVID agreement for engineering and procurement was successfully collaboratively signed with the customer. And we're also tracking now the fabrication and construction impacts of COVID and working again with the same team in place to make sure that we get to a fair and balanced position with the clients for the rest of the project on that front. So that's all coming along nicely and more on that in subsequent quarters. 
On the project itself, it's probably best to look to what the client is saying about the project. The client in their call recently at Shell feels the project itself is going very well. As I mentioned, we've reached 50% complete. 
And they said that they were very pleased with the performance, not only in Canada, but outside of Canada in terms of the supply chain. And within Canada, particularly during this pandemic, really pleased with the overall progress from their standpoint. So that's good to have the client weighing in on that front. So I think all in all, it's going well, and we continue to keep a closed eye on it. 
On the escalation side, we feel we're in good shape on inflation. We've got it well in hand. Obviously, we're bought out labor. The labor rates are taken care of and accounted for in our estimates, so we don't see any issues on that front either. 
So yes, really good going with the modules being starting to ship over. And obviously, as I've said in past calls, the focus is still on the mod yards and the progress there, and we're taking action and implementing good execution plans in the yards there to ensure schedule and progress and productivity continues in the right direction.

Yes. Sean, Joe is going to take this one.

Sure, Sean. Yes, we're very comfortable. Obviously, we've got all the right processes and procedures in place through our operating system requirements and with our pursuit criteria. 
Going forward, we're very comfortable with how we are bidding work and the -- again, the governance and screening of those prospects and what we're bidding and who we'll be working with going forward. So from a go-forward -- and including the risk committee at the Board level, which provides oversight and on all the risk projects that we are considering. 
So going forward, I'm very comfortable. Currently, all contracts in-house right now are well protected through the contract and escalation clauses and indexing for inflation, and including the lump sum work down in Mexico, and we're in good shape up at LNGC in Canada.  
So I think from that standpoint, we're in good shape, and we've been able to make sure the contract protects us. Going forward, just looking at the prospects that I talked about, that $45 billion of work that we're -- again not Study or FEED work or not funding work, just real projects, the $45 billion next year, 91% of those are reimbursable cost prospects and 9% fixed price, but, again, of a size and with customers and locations that we feel very comfortable going forward. 
And our supply chain group is all over -- to your comments on volatility and inflation, we've got not only our supply chain covering that, but our Head of Industrial Relations keeping close tabs on labor inflation, wage inflation volatility. So I think we're in really good shape.

Yes. I think, certainly, on the current working house, we're -- like I said, we're in good shape, Michael, and working with customers to make sure that we continue to baseline, rebaseline estimates and schedules as we see impacts on supply chain and on labor. So that -- that's a collaborative process and continue to work through those. 
Going forward, we do see just -- not, I guess, I call it a pause or more scrutiny across our client base right now. Obviously, optimism, you see all the CapEx numbers coming out. I can rehearse them for you if you like, but there's CapEx growth across our client base into '22 and further out in time. 
So that's very, very -- that's why I feel so positive about next year and the new awards and the direction we're going and, as I said, turning a corner. 
But to your point, there's more project analysis and review to ensure that whether it's transitory or long term, these issues that we're facing right now, working with the clients to make sure they're comfortable that when they pull the FID triggers, that we have a most likely P85 type of probability in place on, again, most of these over 90% reimbursable cost projects that we're chasing.  
So that's how I see it. And it started in mining, but we're seeing it in chemicals and the other big business lines that have the lion's share of the new awards coming right now.

No. Most definitely, I mean, they are coming. Again, the CapEx numbers are pushing up very nicely, and then we've got all the FEED work as well. We've got -- I think it's $177 billion that we've just -- as I said on the prepared remarks, 170 -- over $170 billion of front-end work that we've completed, and $39 billion of that was mining. And so -- and we're chasing $42 billion in front-end work for mining projects in the next 18 months in the rolling forecast. 
So it's -- there's a lot of worse chase, and it's not just mining, chemicals, obviously, as well and energy transition within the Energy Solutions business. So again, it's coming and just with a little more scrutiny involved on the analysis of the cost and schedules.

Yes. It's -- we're very pleased with the progress in Arizona and has a very, very large program that we're just tip of the iceberg right now and getting in and working with client there. And obviously, a long-term build-out of a major operation. 
So we see good things happening in ATLS, not only in the U.S. in that space, but over in Europe. We're opening a new technology hub for ATLS in Copenhagen on December 2, and the clients are very excited to have us working locally with them in Europe as well on these similar types of projects, data centers as well as semiconductor work back here. So we've got, in ATLS, see about -- in the next 12 months about over $3 billion in prospects that they're looking at.

Jamie, so yes, on the -- all the front-end work feasibility and FEED work, sole source versus all the way up to dual FEED competitions like you mentioned, it's still competitive out there. And we're going up against contractors who may not have the same resume in that space as far as subject matter experts are concerned and all of the value that we add from evaluating technologies for our customers at the front end and coming up with the best solution. 
But they're out there, and they're making runs at it with quite low pricing. And so we've got to battle that effectively. And so I'd say that's the main issue right now on that front. 
So we're still seeing a lot of competition, and we've got to put our best foot forward. And the way we do that is, in fact, we had a recent example on a renewable diesel project where it was going in one direction because of pricing, and we went in and added value with our technical capabilities and pulled that right back to Fluor. So a great win. 
So we'd love to see that because getting paid for value is what we expect. So it's a bit of a mix, but still very competitive. But like I said, we're chasing about $150 billion in TIC over the next 18 months in this type of front-end work. And we will definitely pull in a good portion of that, but still competitive and we have to put our best foot forward. 
In convertibility, we've -- I've looked at that, and I'd say in the nongovernment businesses, conversion of these front-end jobs are in the -- anywhere between 40% and 50% for Energy Solutions and Urban Solutions. Mission Solutions is a much higher convertibility rate, up almost 75% conversion of prospects based on repeatability of -- and repeat clients -- repeat agency clients at the government. 
So Joe, I turn it over to you on the other questions.

Andy, thank you, and thank you for asking about NuScale because we're very excited about NuScale going forward. And Guggenheim, as I mentioned, has been working with NuScale in our sales for the past 6 months and doing a great job for us, putting all the options on the table. And we're making really good progress in how to move forward and get to commercialization and the right financing options for the organization. 
So I'd say we're getting closer to a final outcome on that. And in the fairly near term, I think we'll be able to talk to you more about that, about how we plan to extract value for the Fluor shareholders based on the NuScale offering and what we're seeing in the marketplace and the extreme interest and the fact that we're getting started on -- getting further into the Utah AMPs -- or the UAMP's project with the standard design and the operating license. So yes, all going in a great direction. 
And yes, like I said, $193 million this year was very strong, and more to come on that front as well. So I think I'll leave it at that and just let you know that we're making really good progress.

Yes. I'm very comfortable with what we've put out there for the earnings power in 2024. I think we're ahead of schedule, not only on our performance, which is driving better earnings through the segments, but also the -- getting fit for purpose, as Joe said, on the cost overhead reductions. 
These are permanent, sustainable reduction, structural reductions that we're making, so we're comfortable that those run rates will continue into the future. So it's -- we're managing everything. 
It was a bridging year as we discussed at the start of the year that we've been really able to get things within our control in a much better place to get ready for the upturn, which is, I think, I'd just say it's coming a little later. 
We actually are going to beat our gross margin plan for the year by several percentage points, so that's also encouraging from a new award standpoint. So we're ahead of plan on that as well. 
And like I said, what we see in the first half of '22, these are major, major prospects that we'll be going after. And so I'd say, again, we're comfortable with the targets right now. 
It's a little -- I think it's a little too early to adjust what the earnings power could look like in '24. We'll stick with what we've guided for now, but we'll be taking a look at that next year during our strategic planning process and update as required on that. So...

Yes. And as far as where is it coming from, it's coming from the -- like we said on Strategy Day, we've really focused on the 10 business lines that were going to drive growth across, and we see growth in pretty well every single business line. 
And so with, I'd say, mining leading the charge and government as well leading the charge with chemicals right behind it, and obviously, infrastructure, a lot of opportunity there coming down the pipe and followed up by energy transition and energy solutions. So it really is -- including ATLS as well. 
So really, it's right in all those business lines that we talked about at the start of the year, and that's what we're going to see it across the board, which is a good thing in a cyclical -- with all the different cycles we take on.

I'll let Joe talk about cash from operations with -- as we pass the 50% mark and how that looks from a cash perspective on the project. 
On the pipeline, yes, you're right on that. That's the Coastal GasLink, FEED gas pipeline being developed by TransCanada. So it doesn't have any impact on what we're doing. Obviously, we have to direct you to the customer for more color on that. 
But Joe, do you want to talk about cash flows?

Thank you, operator, and many thanks to all of you for participating on the call today. We remain diligent and focused on achieving our strategic goals and continue to have positive conversations with all of our clients and stakeholders as we continue to improve our financial and operational performance here at Fluor. 
In the meantime, we appreciate your interest in Fluor Corporation, and thank you again for your time today.