Thank you, Geoff, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us.
Let's start off by discussing the challenges that we are experiencing on the same gas-fired power project we discussed last quarter and the steps we're taking to complete this project and end Fluor's participation in this specific end market. Craft productivity and estimating were materially different than the original baseline expectations we made in the initial charge on this project last year. While those factors were included in our initial charge, the majority of the $125 million charge taken this quarter is driven by extremely low ongoing productivity and the financial impact that this has relative to the initial expected timing of when the 2 units would be available for power production based on the current outlook. As of last week, this project is 86% complete with an expected completion date in Q4 of this year.
Last August, we made a number of changes to our power business. This included in -- bringing in new leadership, removing certain executives and closing our power operation office in Charlotte. I also stated that we were in the process of assessing the gas-fired market to determine if there are opportunities for risk-adjusted returns that are consistent with our expectations and long-term experience. I'd like to share with you the outcome of our review and the further actions that we are taking. I'm going to ask everyone to pay close attention.
The U.S. power consumption growth rate is less than 1%. The power produces -- producers do not really need additional capacity, other than satisfying regional needs. We, the industry and the entire E&C community have led our clients to believe that a gas-fired power project costs approximately 650 kilowatts -- $650 per kilowatt, although virtually no one has delivered one for that value. The customers start at that figure and negotiate downward, and there's always some contractor that is willing to say okay to the lower number, using some excuse to justify the win, Fluor included.
We have had 12 gas-fired power projects since 2003. 10 of the 12 have underperformed our as-sold expectation, with 3 suffering losses. Competition, both public and private, have had similar experiences, with no current projects performing as expected. Some industry leaders think these are cookie-cutter projects, but they are not. These projects have different machines, different site locations, different labor pools, all of which produce different outcomes. Craft labor in this case has been the major issue.
Therefore, Fluor will discontinue the pursuit of lump-sum gas-fired power market from the end of Q1. We will finish the existing projects and fulfill our commitments. However, we are not exiting the entire power market. Our power services business, which includes maintenance, shutdowns, turnarounds and environmental upgrades, are very robust, and we will focus also on renewables as well as nuclear. We will use our resources, both financial and human, to focus on other end markets to support our margin expectations. We will continue to update the investment community on this discontinued business until the last project is complete.
Now let's review our first quarter segment highlights, which begins on Slide 3. The Energy & Chemicals segment booked $721 million in new awards for the quarter, and ending backlog was $14.1 billion. During the quarter, we continued to grow our self-performed construction capabilities in the Gulf Coast, with the award of MEGlobal's new monoethylene glycol facility. This represents our fifth major construction project in Freeport, Texas over the last 6 years.
Our COOEC Fluor yard is very active right now, with pipe and steel fabrication and module assembly underway for 2 offshore projects and a large onshore module project. The yard achieved a major milestone in April, with the first of more than 185 modules for that onshore project being loaded out. The yard recently opened a new piping and painting facilities to support the workload and has more than 6,500 craft workers on site. Our investment in this fab yard is a major part of our integrated solution to model that is now beginning to pay dividends.
We continue to see indications that the energy market is turning. Last week, you saw our announcement for the LNG Canada project with our joint venture partner, JGC. This project, expected to reach final investment decision late this year, is one of the key prospects we are tracking for '18. Other opportunities include additional chemical derivative and refining opportunities, both domestically and international, and we see additional upstream and LNG opportunities as we move into 2019.
First quarter new awards in Mining, Industrial, Infrastructure & Power segment were $1.3 billion and included a large copper mine expansion project in Peru. The ending backlog was $10.3 billion.
In this segment, we continue to see some great opportunities in copper, gold and iron ore replacement projects. Infrastructure has opportunities in the United States, but my enthusiasm has tempered a bit as we wait for the long -- a long-term federal infrastructure bill. Our application of the -- with the NRC for NuScale's continued progress, we were recently informed that the NRC completed Phase 1 of the review process. This essentially means that the NRC has reviewed the application and provided questions on any items requiring clarification or change. NuScale and the NRC have confirmed the review is proceeding on or ahead of schedule. We expect that the passing of this milestone will attract additional investors. And last week, NuScale was selected to receive additional cost-sharing funds for SMR development from the Department of Energy.
Turning to Slide 4, the Government group posted first quarter new awards of $43 million with an ending backlog of $2.4 billion. This quarter, we substantially completed our power restoration work with the Army Corps of Engineers in Puerto Rico, and I'm very pleased by what we were able to accomplish in just a very few short months.
Looking at our opportunities for the balance of 2018. And we recently informed that our work at Savannah River, the Savannah River Plant, has been extended until July of 2019, and we are pursuing the LOGCAP V and Hanford liquid waste projects.
Diversified Services segment posted first quarter new awards of $433 million and had an ending backlog of $2.3 billion. Results for the quarter reflect growth from Stork operation in Latin America and North America. I'm pleased to see that the clients are beginning to increase their maintenance spending.
In closing, outside of my disappointment with the charges this quarter on the power project, I am encouraged by my conversations with customers and their expectation of economic growth. We remain enthusiastic about our prospects, with many sizable awards in the future. And this is going to be a multimarket, multiyear upturn, and we are well positioned to meet the needs of our clients. I'm also encouraged by the performance of the projects that are taking full advantage of our integrated solutions approach as well as a growing acceptance by our clients. 
Now I'll turn it over to Bruce. Bruce?

That's a good question, Steve. Thank you. Look, as I understand how tragic this is, no one is more mad than I am about what's going on, but I want to point you to a couple of key points here. One is, this is one of 1,000 projects that we execute at any given time, and we execute with excellence. I mentioned the projects in Freeport being construction, and we have executed with excellence in those cases. This project is challenged at where it is in the state of Florida. Being able to bring the kind of talent that we want is difficult. I think you can also look to the fact that in that particular case, when it's a bad project, a lot of people don't want to be associated with a bad project. Where we are right now at 86% complete, we're taking into account the much lower productivity factors. Given the schedule that we have and the needs of our customer, we feel good that we could finish it for what we took this quarter. I'll contrast that and answer what the going-forward comment is. I don't think there's an inherent risk in fixed-price construction. I think the risk is regional and associated with the approach we used for the particular project. The LNG project in Canada, as an example, our approach is different than our competition was in that we took a significant amount of labor off of that site and into our fabrication yard, where it is -- in a controlled environment, both from a productivity perspective and from a safety perspective. So when we think about the integrated solutions, part of that is being able to lessen the exposure to craft in certain areas and make sure that we've got an execution approach that delivers for the client and delivers the expected profit to us. I know it's hard for you guys to understand where we are on this project and the statement that this is an anomaly. We've had these projects in the past. And when a project goes bad the way this one went, it goes real bad. And where I cannot guarantee performance of future projects, I am confident that based on the fact that the projects that are exercising our new approach are performing very well. We have some very large lump-sum projects in Kuwait and other places that are performing as expected or better. So whereas this one is hard to swallow and hard for people to understand, I get that, I don't think it's a fatal flaw in our system.

Well, I think there's a little bit of that happening. I think the question is, whether people are putting the right numbers in there to do that. I can tell you in our case, Jim Brittain specifically managed the development of that estimate. And I have great confidence in him and the team that pulled that together. So we are taking the risk, but we're taking it on the terms that we expect with the kind of coverage ratios that we would expect. In the case of these power projects, I can tell you that, as I said, there's a per-kilowatt cost. And we got roped in, just like a lot of other people did into saying that, that -- if you don't do that price, you're not going to win that project. And we're not interested in playing those games anymore. So I think when we look at Canada, it's bid on a different basis. It's bid utilizing our integrated solution approach; it's bid utilizing our yard in China. It's in a place in B.C. that we know how to work. The equipment that is being procured, we know how to do that. And the evidence is how well we bought the 2 refinery projects out in Kuwait, giving me great confidence that we can do this. The business model, as I understand it, would suggest that there's a high probability of this project being funded -- final FID this year. When you look at Shell's strategy around gas, when you look at the potential partners that they pulled together on this project, I have a high confidence level that FID will be achieved this year.

Which project?

Yes, it will be.

Well, it is a large project, Jamie. I agree with you. But when you look at the total value of -- when you look at the 2 projects in Kuwait specifically, they are probably the best model of that. And in those cases, our piece is $4 billion or $5 billion. So I think, yes, it's a bigger number. I don't think anybody has actually done it. Well, I know we haven't done it in a project that large using our tools and systems. But I can tell you that in the fact -- let me back up. If you go back, and you mentioned several projects in E&C. It's really one, and it's CPChem. And we broke that down in terms of the lessons we learned. Now that project, as well as these power projects, were bid prior to the maturation of our integrated solutions approach. And there were fatal flaws in the bidding process of all of those projects, and there were execution issues that weren't properly covered. And you didn't have the coverage ratios you expect on a project that has a kind of risk that those projects had, part of it driven by market in terms of the power business. But one of the things we've done is we look at CPChem and the results, and we broke it down into the issues that led to that loss. And we applied those lessons learned just in the case of E&C on the CFP project, which is the clean fuels program for Kuwait. We had issues and challenges, but we're above our expected as-sold profitability there and we're nearing completion. And we used those learnings as we bid the Al-Zour plant, which was a bigger lump-sum project with partners in Kuwait. And I can tell you that the application of those lessons learned there has even bettered our situation relative to that project. Now it's not quite as far along, but we had the client in our China yard last month and saw the first module [ sail ] out. And I can tell you that the customer is pleased, and I can tell you that I'm very pleased, because it's meeting the schedule requirements and it's meeting the cost expectations. Learning from that one, I mean, it's a journey that we're on, Jamie, as you can appreciate. We applied all of those to LNG Canada and basically, utilizing that modular approach. Just as one case and going back to Steve's question, we were able to take about 1/3 of the craft expectation from a stick-built project to the module approach off of that job site. So when you look at...

Well, I just said that, Jamie. I just said that about one segment of the power market.

We're having these conversations in oil and gas. We are starting to change the dialogue. Customers are continuing to try to shed risk. In a lot of cases, we're saying no. And I already see that our win rate will drop as we go through '18 and '19. And I'm satisfied with that drop in win rate, because we're only going to win projects that meet our expected coverage ratios, and the approach is utilizing the integrated solutions approach. So yes, the dialogue is changing.

Sorry, operator, we can't hear you.

I'm not sure I heard the last part of that, Andy. It kind of broke up just a little bit. Are you talking about...

Yes, I mean, I've been on the project site twice this year, and I have personally directed different resources there. And I am -- I hate to even say confident, but I am, in the ability of the project to complete within this number, as well -- and look, we used an abysmal productivity rate in setting the number that we wrote down. So I have confidence that we'll be able to finish. As you said, we're high 80s percentage. We're starting to turn over systems to the customer on unit 1. Unit 2, I think, will be an easier finish than unit 1 has been. So I feel pretty good about the team that's there now, Yes, I'm not going to say that I will be there every week, but I'm going to be there on a routine basis, and I have already taken personal review of this project. With regard to the other one, and this is a hell of it, it's the project in Virginia is going very well. It is in the same kind of completion percentage. And those guys have done a better job relative to managing that craft and making the progress that they need to make. So I feel very good about that project and what that team is doing. But yes, I mean when things go bad, the boss has got to be there, and I get that. And I have been and will be as we finish this project.

Well, I think that as we talked about in previous quarters, I think that we've been looking for the bottom, and I think we see it in terms of new award production. I think second quarter might be -- it will be better, but it will still be sub what we think it will be. And it is heavily weighted towards the back end of this year. But I think '19 is going to be another great year. And it's in the -- it's on the back of refining petrochemicals, gas, LNG. It's on copper. There's a lot of work that's coming this year in the mining sector, primarily in South America, some in Australia again. So I think as I said in the prepared remarks, I think we're in a multiindustry, multiyear upturn. So as disappointing and as angry as I am about this particular quarter, I got to tell you, I'm pretty excited about what's in front of us. And I realize the credibility hit that this takes with investors. I think we got it, and I think we're going to finish. We don't have that much time left to finish. So I believe that we've seen the bottom. And as I've said, the quality of what we put in the backlog relative to the integrated solutions, is better margin with a better risk-adjusted coverage than the power projects that we put into backlog 4 years ago.

I think it's going to be a while before you see greenfield. What we're seeing right now is kind of replacement-type projects, and they are big projects. I mean, there's 2 or 3 projects that are in the near term that are in excess of $1 billion in copper, iron ore and to a lesser degree, gold. But in terms of really ramping up capacity, I don't see that for a while. I don't think we're there yet. But in this cycle, I think you're going to see a lot of upgrades, a lot of replacement capacity going deeper, harder to process ores, which is right up our alleyway. And there's some very large projects that we're pursuing. But I wouldn't even venture a guess as to when you're going to see the real large $10 billion kind of new capacity mines and processing facilities coming on. But I think we got a long tail on the stuff we just talked about over the next -- in terms of new awards over probably the next 2 to 2.5 years.

I guess I'd use the word steady. I think over the next 6 to 8 quarters, you're going to see something pretty good-sized within that mining sector. We've really done a lot of work leading up to the cycle on front ends and studies and stayed very close to these customers and helped them develop these projects. So I think that team has done an outstanding job of really looking at which projects do we want to go get, where do we have a differentiated offering. And I think over the next, like I said, 6 to 8 quarters, you're going to see a pretty steady new award flow.

No, I don't really want to get into segmenting that. I would just say that our yard is going to be busy for quite some time.

I think lots of people are talking about modularization because we are. Other companies have done it in the past and have that expertise, but I would use Kuwait as an example. There's lots of people fabricating pipe racks. We're fabricating complete process modules, fully loaded with pipe, instrumentation, electrical, lighting, everything, which goes back to Redwater in Canada, but it all starts with the design approach that we've taken, which is different than our competition. It deals with how these modules are separated, it has with the weight of these modules. But the most important thing is how do you load that module sufficient to where you gain the productivity on the job site once those modules appear. Our experience in both CFP in the Suncor and the other projects that we've done, fit-up has been flawless, which again goes back to that design approach, the design procedures that we've implemented. So I think that we do have a little bit different mousetrap than anyone else, and that's been proven. And we're way down the road on the 2 biggest ones that we've done so far, which is the 2 Kuwait projects, and seeing the -- what's actually stacked in these modules on Al-Zour shows a significant difference in terms of what our competition is trying to accomplish.

No, I wouldn't segment that, Tahira. I think as I said, we went -- we started on this journey when I became CEO. And I think where we are on that journey is perfecting the approach, and we've been able to prove it. And if that is correct, and I believe it is, I believe that it kind of gives us the latitude to choose the right projects for that approach, say "thank you, but no, thank you" to the ones that don't. And I don't think market or region necessarily have a bearing on that. And we're not going to be the low bidder, but we're going to have the best solution, in some cases. And that should give everyone comfort that we're actually doing the -- we're looking at these differently today than we looked at when we bid those 4 power plants.

Well, I mean, solar and wind are going to be part of it. We're not going to obviously take the kind of approach I'm suggesting in E&C with those kinds of things. But that -- we've got an expertise there, and we're going to continue to do the projects when they come up. We follow that into -- particularly the solar side, very carefully. And technologies are changing. It's becoming more amenable to the model that they need to do. But I think the bigger issue is the power generators and where do they need the power? And I think that, that really translates into opportunity for NuScale, because it's going to -- it's not going to be in the places where you think. It's going to be in places where there's a new industrial capability going in. So I think internationally, there's a big market there. In the U.S., it's going to be in places like Idaho where project #1 will be. But I'm very encouraged by what we've been able to accomplish there. As you said, there were a lot of naysayers. We submitted our design certification on time, first one ever. It was docketed ahead of schedule terms, ahead of any technologies that had been in front of the NRC in their lifetime. We've hit all the schedules and passed Phase I with flying colors. The client base is growing. The DOE sees the value of nuclear power, and specifically the small modular reactor and the flexibility that, that gives for not only government institutions, but also as I've said, some of these industrial complexes around the globe. I'm really, really satisfied with what they've been able to accomplish. Now, we got to keep after it and get the NRC approval done. But I think from a technical perspective, it's really proven. It's proven its worth. And now we get into the legal reviews and all the licensing kinds of things that go on. So I feel pretty bullish about where we are in terms of bringing in new investors and those projects moving forward in the time frame we've communicated previously.

Well, if governments completely walk away from lowering greenhouse gas, that would be something that would be a problem. And clearly, when you burn gas, you have emissions. In nuclear, you do not. And I think people are starting to realize that. But I think the other -- the issues that I see that could be disruptors are more geopolitical issues. Because some of these places, for us to be able to participate with the country that it's going to, it needs a 1-2-3 agreement, or we won't be able to deploy that technology there. The Saudis don't have one yet, but they're working on it. I've had conversations with the folks in Saudi as well as within the DOE, and they're moving in the right direction for that. So it's those kinds of things that I think are really the disruptors that I'm concerned about.

Thanks, Michael, a couple of comments. Number one, when you have an issue like we've had, you can bet that we turned everything upside down throughout the company on that 1,000 projects that I mentioned. But I'd point you back to that 1,000 projects that I mentioned. We had 4 power projects that were bid by the same management team at the same time. And we accepted. We, being me and my management team, accepted those bids, primarily because we'd just come off of a project in that market where we had bettered the as-sold margin expectation. Different things happened, we ended up with a problem, but it's a confined problem within a group. And I acknowledge the question by Jamie on E&C and specifically, the CPChem project, again bid before we exercised this. So I believe when we look at the risk in the backlog, based on our reviews and based on our -- where we are on finishing projects that are questionable without benefit of the integrated solutions, I think we're in a good place. With regard to the integrated solution, not every customer, not every project is going to enjoy the full implementation, and we're okay with that. But when that lack of implementation of the full model is driven by a customer, there needs to be a very serious question about where the risk resides. And going back to again Jamie's question, we're already having those conversations. And in some cases, either we or the customer, because they don't want to accept what we want to do, have parted ways. And I'm okay with that too. Because what our customers have asked us to do is to become more capital-efficient and more sure in terms of cost and schedule. We have invested, over the last 5 years, significantly in our tools and systems and in this model, which includes fabrication, direct-hire construction, our supply chain capabilities. When we're able to deploy those, I think we're going to be in a very good place. And where we're not, there will be a risk-adjusted approach to that.

On infrastructure, I think it's a timing thing, Mike. You look at the gestation period of some of these things. And I think I've told this group, a couple of calls back, about how long it took to get the Denver Eagle project from basically proof of process to cutting a ribbon, taking a decade. I would argue that the L.A. People Mover is no different than that. Purple Line is no different than that. You saw that even though it was sanctioned and moved forward, the government intervened again. But they were pushing more the regulatory side of that equation as opposed to the PPP model or where that business -- that financial model sat. So yes, it's disappointing that Congress can't get their act together, I get it. Tax reform was a big deal. You read the papers like I do. And the vitriol that's going on in that place. So getting them to an infrastructure bill that starts this process is problematic. But when I look at what we're chasing and where those projects are in that gestation period, I think we're going to see a steady -- kind of a steady award cadence over the next 3 years. I hope it's going to accelerate. I think it will accelerate. But I think it's as much the regulatory situation as it is a comprehensive infrastructure bill by Congress. I'm sorry, what was the first part?

Oh, government.

I feel good about where we are. I mean I think that, that team has done an outstanding job of growing that business. When you look at the number of DOE sites we've added over the last 3 years, I think we have a good brand in that market and are continuing to bid those projects and being successful. If you're not doing a good job, they don't extend you, which was evidenced by the Savannah River Plant extending us for a year to get them ready for the rebid, which I feel good that we'll be successful in that rebid. On the DoD side, I think we've proven to the Army that we're a contractor of choice and we provide the best value. And I think we'll continue to win in that business. It's good solid annuity style business, as we've said in the past. And I feel really good about where the brand sits with those customers.

And I think it's -- it also ought to be said that the administration as well as the Secretary of Energy is seeing small modular reactors and nuclear in general in a positive light. So I think we're in a better position to continue to secure the matching funds as we go through time.

Thank you, operator. Despite a disastrous quarter and our disappointment, I'm really excited about the future. No one's more disappointed than I am relative to where we are on a very finite sample of projects. And we do know where the end is, and we believe we've captured that. But I think again, we're in a multiyear, multiindustry growth mode. And in the past, you've seen Fluor outperform our competition and grow significantly. And I think we're poised to do so. And I think the new approaches that we're applying give us better visibility in how those executions are going to be performed. I appreciate your interest in our company, and I wish you a good day.