Well, thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. 
Before we move into operational results and our outlook for 2022, I'd like to start by highlighting one of our employees, Annie Lidge, the Director of our Supplier Diversity Program in Houston. Fluor's Supplier Diversity Program aligns with corporate and client project goals and standards of the U.S. government regarding small minority and women-owned businesses. In December, Annie won the Corporate Champion of Diversity Award at Houston's 2021 Diversity Summit. Mayor Turner also proclaimed December 9, 2021, as Annie Lidge Day in the city of Houston. So on behalf of the company, I'd like to congratulate Annie. This award honors both Annie's commitment to promote supplier diversity and the importance of making a positive social impact through the diversification of Fluor's global spend.  
Now please turn to Slide 3. It's been a little over 12 months since we launched our new strategy and 2024 EPS target. That strategy is centered around 4 strategic priorities. And just to recap, first, driving growth across the portfolio. At the onset, we said 2021 would be a bridging year. While that was clearly the case, we are now well positioned to meet our strategic goal of growing nontraditional oil and gas revenue to 70% of our portfolio.  
To better serve our customers and drive growth, we launched a key account management review process focused on aligning our capabilities directly to our clients' needs. Strengthening our client relationships by communicating Fluor's value differentiators is a key focus area for us going forward. 
We've also improved our leadership push into professional and technical solutions with a robust front-end backlog and prospect pipeline. We are currently working on or have recently completed over 400 feed-and-study packages, representing over $200 billion in total installed cost.  
Fluor technical fellows and our other subject matter experts are supporting a wide range of projects from mining to semiconductors to energy transition. 
But speaking of energy transition, we have launched an energy transition offensive. This company-wide effort will provide a uniform marketing approach across all our business segments, and will have Fluor's full range of capabilities on display to support our energy transition pursuits.  
Our second strategic priority, reinforcing financial discipline, has resulted in a significant reduction of outstanding debt and a company-wide effort to systemically and permanently reduce corporate, operating and real estate costs across the organization. Joe is going to provide an update on our successes in this area a little later.  
On the NuScale front, it's a very exciting time. Fluor functional teams are fully supporting the business combination with Spring Valley, and we are on track for the proposed transaction to close in Q2, subject to regulatory review. I'll provide more color on NuScale status in just a moment.  
Now please turn to Slide 4. Moving to our third priority, fair and balanced terms, where it should be noted that at the end of 2021, 95% of Fluor's prospect pipeline was for reimbursable work, furthering our effort to drive predictability in earnings. 
In addition, 2021 new award gross margins were 120 basis points above our plan. And with our focus on developing strong client relationships, we are working with owners that recognize the value we provide and the deep experience we offer in technical solutions, engineering, supply chain and construction.  
And our final strategic priority, high-performance culture with purpose. During the year, we refreshed the company's core values and established a campaign for new enabling behaviors, highlighting what we do and what we don't do as an organization. 
With respect to the performance and accountability of our leadership team, we launched performance scorecards in 2021 that included ESG goals. For our net-zero and sustainability commitments, we've made good progress on Scopes 1 and 2 emission plans and have identified our sustainability focus areas for 2022. Last quarter, our Farnborough office in the United Kingdom was the first office to achieve net zero. 
And importantly, we've expanded our regional inclusion councils and employee resource groups to better support our DE&I journey.  
Overall, we've made significant progress on our 4 strategic priorities. But more importantly, the Fluor team has created positive momentum for the company as we begin a new year.  
Next up is an overview of fourth quarter highlights and what we see in each of our end markets in the coming year.  
Please turn to Slide 5. In Mission Solutions, we finished the year strong with 2021 segment profit up 80% over the prior year. During the year, our team successfully completed their support of LOGCAP IV in Afghanistan, received an extension of the M&O contract at the Savannah River site and won the integrated mission completion contract there as well. 
As you will recall, we were also awarded a contract to provide humanitarian support at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico for Afghan evacuees as part of Operation Allies Welcome. We completed our Holloman efforts at the end of January with positive performance reviews from the Air Force and are now demobilizing the site.  
In the fourth quarter, we were awarded the Pantex/Y-12 Management & Operations contract in Tennessee and Texas. This NNSA contract will result in up to $28 billion in revenue over its 10-year life. We are ready to begin transition and are awaiting direction from the NNSA as they assess actions that may be warranted with the contract award. 
For 2022, we anticipate contract extensions at Savannah River and Portsmouth and additional work in the intelligent services business. 
Finally, Mission Solutions continues to look at areas of investment to support opportunities in the defense and intelligence space.  
Now let's turn to our Urban Solutions business on Slide 6. Segment profit for the year declined from 2020, primarily as a result of a charge on the Gordie Howe Bridge project in the second quarter. This project continues to progress under its revised cost estimates, and efforts are underway to support our claim position. The segment's results for the fourth quarter were encouraging and included receipt of our segment final payment for the Purple Line project.  
For 2022, we see a number of exciting opportunities. In mining, we are maintaining our leadership position, particularly in copper and gold. Based on what we're now seeing, we anticipate that awards will ramp up in the second half of the year.  
In advanced technologies & life sciences, semiconductor work is really picking up. As you have read, Intel and a number of other chip manufacturers are looking to deploy capital to alleviate supply chain concerns and onshore capacity in the U.S. We are encouraged by our client conversations as there is keen interest in Fluor's ability to provide a complete solution for their engineering, construction and project management needs. 
We continue to build on our success in life sciences. Last year, we won a large-scale biologics manufacturing facility in Europe with Fujifilm and are well positioned for the next phase.  
In infrastructure, our focus is twofold. First, we continue to drive the effective delivery of our legacy backlog. During the fourth quarter, there were no material changes in estimated cost to complete these projects. Second, we want to pursue new regional road and bridge work that is aligned with our risk profile. The infrastructure bill passed last fall and the push for U.S. bridge retrofit spending are encouraging developments that support growth in this market.  
Moving to Energy Solutions on Slide 7. Segment profit for the year improved from 2020 as we ramped up our efforts on LNG Canada and refinery work in Mexico. Results for the fourth quarter also reflect the reversal of reserves associated with payments of outstanding receivables attached to certain projects in Mexico. We expect to see a couple of interesting trends developed in Energy Solutions during the year.  
In chemicals, clients are putting CapEx back to work, and we have some sizable chemical projects globally that we are well positioned for. Our first notable award should be in a next few months. Here, it should be noted that our strategic priority of fair and balanced terms is starting to pay off as all prospects in 2022 are currently reimbursable.  
For production and fuels, it will be a transition year with clients beginning to focus on decarbonization efforts, renewable fuels and smaller facility optimization projects. We also see that IOCs are focusing on net-zero commitments and what effect this will have on the pace of capital investment.  
As I mentioned earlier, you will continue to hear us talk more about energy transition in 2022. While these opportunities are somewhat smaller in nature and early stages, they are consistent with the deliberate approach of our clients in this market.  
Examples include our ongoing work to support renewable fuels efforts in California and our work with another client as they develop the world's largest carbon-capture storage facility, also in the U.S.  
Turning to Slide 8. Our work on LNG Canada continues to advance. During the fourth quarter, we approached the 60% completion mark, up from 50% last quarter. 
As we mentioned in November, we have begun to ship modules to the site. And in December, the project took delivery of its first process module. Thus far, we have shipped 28 modules, with 21 having been received at the Kitimat site and another 7 on route. When complete, the project will have received 215 modules from 8 fabrication yards. 
For 2022, our milestones are primarily related to the delivery and safe installation of modules at the Kitimat site in British Columbia. 
Our operations on this project continue to be impacted by COVID. The Omicron variant has also increased local quarantine and testing requirements across the project, including our primary fabrication yards and our job site in Kitimat. We are monitoring our progress on our procurement, fabrication, logistics and construction activities and are working collaboratively with the client to mitigate COVID-related delays and costs.  
Now let's turn to NuScale on Slide 9. We've had quite a run of good news and developments since our last call. In December, NuScale announced their merger agreement with Spring Valley Acquisition Corporation. This transaction will bolster and accelerate the path to commercialization and deployment of NuScale's industry-leading, small modular nuclear reactor technology. 
This month, the conditions around Samsung's $30 million pipe investment were satisfied. The total committed PIPE investment now stands at $211 million and is in addition to the $193 million in capital contributions from outside investors, which NuScale received in 2021. The transaction is progressing well, and the amended S-4 was filed on February 11. Currently, the deal remains on track to complete the de-SPAC process in the second quarter. 
When complete, Fluor will own approximately 60% to 70% of NuScale. We will also be in a preferred position to execute NuScale's SMR projects.  
On that front, Fluor recently completed the field work required to support the combined operating license application for NuScale's first customer, UAMPS, at their site in Idaho. 
And last week, NuScale Power and KGHM signed an agreement to initiate the deployment of NuScale SMRs in Poland. Under the agreement, the first power plant could be deployed as early as 2029, which would help Poland avoid up to 8 million tons of CO2 emissions per year.  
To wrap up, I'm pleased with the progress we've made in 2021, and I can confirm that the management team and broader organization are excited and energized about what 2022 holds in store. 
And finally, 2 weeks ago, we announced that Executive Chairman, Alan Boeckmann, would not stand for reelection at our shareholder meeting in May. Alan's contributions to Fluor, and to me personally, have been invaluable. We are all indebted to him and happy to report that he will continue to be in our corner, serving on the Board of NuScale Power.  
Now I'm going to turn the call over to Joe to cover our financial results and 2022 guidance. Joe?

Jamie, on the new...

Jamie, yes, so new awards. 2022 plan is strong, I'll say, even without Pantex. So we've got good line of sight on significant new awards that cut across -- in the top 15 awards. They cut across chemicals, production of fuels, mining, ATLS and government. So a very exciting significant prospects for us. 
And as far as when you think about inflation and supply chain and logistics. Certainly, in the government sector, it's all about mission. The mission and Mission Solutions really somewhat separate from the inflationary challenges that we're looking at. 
Also in the consumer products area, ATLS, where time to market is critical and they're being incentivized to manufacture in various countries, which helps them with their CapEx costs. That's going in a very good direction. 
So it depends on what business line you're looking at as far as the effects of what we're seeing in the macro -- on the macro side. So I think it's more on the natural resources side that the new awards, obviously, are doing a little more due diligence to make sure the returns are going to be there, but we still see mining projects going forward in 2022 and a good chunk of them. So that's an update on new awards.

Thanks, Mike. Yes. Specifically on mining, as we talked about in past calls, the estimates and the accuracy around the cost and schedule delivery, obviously, very important to make sure the clients' rate of returns are where they need to be going forward. 
So they are definitely looking more closely at those that's driving, again, in -- with this -- with some uncertainty still around inflation and supply chain logistics, labor availability, they're doing a little more homework. 
And like I said, on the natural resources side, when host governments have the reserves and it's a little different than being incentivized by governments to come and manufacture in Ireland or the U.S. So it's certainly quite a different dynamic that they are dealing with. So that's part of it. 
But yes, to your point, I'd say the political challenges, political risk in Chile and Peru and even somewhat into Argentina is also giving the mining houses some pause. And that's also playing into their decision-making and how that will roll out. And so a bit of wait and see on some of the opportunities. 
But again, overall, when you think about the copper required and other minerals required to drive the low carbon economy, these projects are going to be coming and not just in South America. So with that pause, you can think about commodity prices going up even higher. So that's mining. 
On semiconductors, again, we're very, very excited about what ATLS has been able to achieve with their customers in the advanced manufacturing -- advanced technology space and are building relations. We do have work with Intel now. I think we've got 5 projects with them. And we will continue to see -- to your question, continue to see awards not only with, I think, Intel but other chip manufacturers in the U.S. and also abroad. So yes, I guess I'll say stay tuned on that front, Mike.

Yes, Sean, just to your question, just -- if it hasn't been mentioned, we're looking at burning about 50% of our ending backlog at the end of 2021. So 50% of that will be burned in '22. And then that can give you an idea of what we'll be doing to get to our 10% revenue growth on top of -- well on top of that, obviously.

No, I think we're talking with the business segment, we're in pretty good shape. We're looking to transition here when we get the green light. So looks good, but we'll have to wait for the NNSA to give us the final go ahead. 
And I think one of the -- Sean, one other thing that I would add, too, to give you a little bit better perspective on how our guidance that we've laid out, the $1.15 to $1.40 would assume whether Pantex gets pushed a little bit to the right based on the protest or it doesn't go forward, which, again, we don't believe that to be the case. But we've -- I think we've accounted for that in our guidance in either respect.

Yes, Andy, I'm just looking at the '22 plan here. It really is -- as Joe mentioned, really broad-based. So you can kind of roll the 10% across all the segments. And it isn't back-end loaded. It's pretty constant across all 4 quarters for Energy Solutions and Urban Solutions and picks up a little bit in Mission Solutions in Q3, Q4. So it's not back-end loaded this year.

Yes.We're -- we have a really good relationship with the clients, as was demonstrated with the first agreement that we came to for the engineering and procurement services through February of 2021. That was successfully concluded and did give us some relief on the schedule that we are working to and driving hard to improve schedule and productivity as much as possible to reduce the impacts of COVID on the project. 
And so that's, I think, a good sign, signaling that on the impacts for fabrication and construction from February '21 onward, that we will again come together and come to an agreement that is fair and drives the successful conclusion of the project to the time line that the client is looking for. 
So yes, I'm pleased with the progress and the modules coming to site and we've got great productivity on the construction site right now and just ready for all that steel and equipment to come in and get erected. So yes, we're looking pretty good right now.

Yes. Just adding on to that, Andrew, we called it project fit for a reason, right? It's a Fluor in transition, and it's also talks about being fit for purpose and being lean and streamlined. 
And to Joe's point, these are sustainable, permanent overhead reductions through structural and decentralized changes in the company and to eliminate busy work and non-value-added activities in the company. So we're well on our way. Our target was 100%, but we're going to go well past that by 2024 on our project fit.

Yes. And on the second question around timing, the team is working on it now and obviously very complex discussions with all the different impacts across the project. But it's -- the project, we'd like to get this second agreement in place in 2022, right? The sooner, the better. But it's going to take some time to pull it all together. So I guess I'd say for now, 2022 is what we'd be looking at.

Thanks. Yes. Obviously, continue to deleverage is first and foremost in a healthy balance sheet, but we do want to look selectively at bolt-ons for the business when it makes sense, and we'll be very selective. We've -- we backed away from quite a few opportunities, rightfully so. 
But yes, in Mission Solutions, we're looking at primarily in the defense, the intelligence community focus, services margins, business -- services margins that we can see there very favorable. And so that's where we're at. That's the -- I'd say, the key area that we'll be looking at for M&A going forward. And that will play in timing-wise as appropriate. 
Joe's probably got the best handle on timing there.

Great. Thanks, Zane. Yes, I'm glad you asked about energy transition. As I talked about in the remarks, we're excited about it, and we're focused on it. And I think we -- I believe that we're a leader in this space. We won 76 projects in 2021 in energy transition, and we've got over 100 prospects on the horizon in energy transition worth approximately $30 billion in TIC. 
And to put that in perspective -- and that's front-end work. To put that in perspective, we are looking at, on full projects, EP, EPC, PCM, over $50 million. We're looking at about $57 billion in projects over the next 18 months, led by chemicals, downstream, energy transition, mining and metals, ATLS and infrastructure and then government. 
So ET is right there. It's really picking up speed with real customers versus developers and decarbonization, real hotspot right now in Europe and in the U.S., right? For example, in the U.S., those 45Q tax credits that requires construction to start by 2025. So that's driving a lot of work right now into our house. 
So I think it's -- and it's pretty broad-based. When you think about the business line, it's not just in our Energy Solutions business, but it is across -- it's certainly in chemicals and LNG and production and fuels, both downstream and upstream. But you're also seeing energy transition in our Mission Solutions business segment and in ATLS with battery, chemicals and in mining and metals with copper and green steel production, lithium production and so on. 
So it's great to see it cutting across all the business lines. And right now, we're -- we've got a lot to go after and get in early with our technical solutions and stay late for the full project. So I think energy transition is really going to be a -- it actually became a hotter market sooner than we expected. So that's really encouraging. 
The other question was momentum in mining. And I think we've got, again, great opportunities. When you think about the front-end work that we've talked about in the past, right? Just to give you a feel, currently in in-house that we've worked on, okay, we've done pre-FEED or FEED work. And the sales teams are telling me that there's about $50 billion of TIC that is available in that current work we've done, and so that they'll be chasing that. 
And then just on future front-end work in mining and metals, there's another -- and this is in the next 18 months. There's another $42 billion of front-end work we're going after, and we expect to get a fair share -- more than our fair share of that to put into, again, getting in early and staying late. So a lot to go after in mining and a lot of it being driven by low carbon economy and electrification.

Thanks, operator. Thanks, Cynthia, and thanks to all of you for participating on our call today. 
2021 was a turning point. And today, we're closer to our goal of becoming, as we talked about before, the preeminent leader of professional and technical solutions for our clients, as well as continuing to be a global front-runner in the engineering and construction industry. 
We appreciate your interest in Fluor Corporation, and thank you again for your time today.