Thank you, Alan. Let me start by sharing with you the actions we've taken during my first quarter as CEO and provide you some details on our path forward. 
To begin, I've made a number of changes to improve the effectiveness of Fluor's executive team.
Please turn to Slide 5, please. In addition to bringing Mike back as CFO, I appointed Mark Fields as the President of our Energy & Chemicals segment. Mark has nearly 40 years of experience, including extensive megaproject execution in upstream refining, mining, chemicals, and petrochemicals. Also we have separated infrastructure into a standalone business segment to increase transparency, with Terry Towle as Group President reporting directly to me. Terry has been operationally responsible for 11 infrastructure projects over the last 10 years. 
Finally, we have moved risk management under long-time Fluor executive, Garry Flowers, and expanded his authority to enhance reporting and accountability of this group. Garry is particularly well suited for this role as he has provided support and has been instrumental in developing resolution strategies on a number of challenging projects during his career. As Alan mentioned, we have a heightened focus on our risk profile. We have increased transparency and accountability throughout the organization.
Please turn to Slide 6. It has become apparent to me that there are a few significant and common issues in many of our challenged projects. In May, we immediately implemented a more rigorous framework to our pursuit process. We have already enacted changes in our bid/no bid process so that our future backlog will be comprised of high-quality projects with a contract structure and execution approach that will generate improved risk-adjusted margins. 
To that end, we have set the following pursuit criteria for new projects. For Energy & Chemicals, we will only pursue fixed price work where there is a limited bid slate, and we have identified a quantifiable advantage over other bidders or where it is a sole-source negotiated lump-sum agreement. We will only bid on projects where Fluor executed the FEED package or otherwise was allowed to perform sufficient due diligence. 
In infrastructure, we will focus our efforts in North America and continue to extend our presence in states where we have an established track record and strong DOT relationships. These include Texas, Arizona, California, Virginia and North Carolina. 
In the Government segment, we will no longer pursue lump-sum projects. For lump-sum projects, the terms and conditions must have an appropriate allocation of risk between client and contractor. And in all cases, risk projects will be subject to an initial bid/no bid approval, followed by later final approval by the Fluor executive team. This increased focus on sell activity will change the profile of our prospect pipeline because it is important that we drive our company to a backlog and execution platform that can deliver consistent results.
Although the trend in our industry is to pivot away from lump-sum work, we still believe that Fluor has the talent and expertise to win and execute these projects, albeit on a more selective basis. To put it simply, we're focusing on profitability and cash generation. We'll not bid on large-scale lump-sum projects that don't meet our criteria. But there are lump-sum projects that do meet our new standards. If we are successful, for example, on being awarded the Rovuma LNG project, I can assure you that this project has gone through increased scrutiny by Fluor and adheres to our newly-revised risk management approach. 
With regard to our current backlog, one thing that has become exceedingly clear to me is that we must take a more disciplined approach to risk assessment on our projects. We have identified our challenges and outlined what needs to be done. Additionally, we're making changes to how we approach engineering and project management to ensure our projects are staying in sequence with work not commencing until the appropriate reviews are complete.
During the second quarter, the company met with a number of our clients, subcontractors and suppliers, in an attempt to resolve a number of matters. These include ongoing disputes, pending change orders, schedule extensions, closeout items, unpaid receivables and our position on outstanding claims. 
As a result of these discussions, client settlements and revised estimates to complete projects, the company evaluated its position on a number of projects, which resulted in a pretax charge of $714 million. These charges impact a broad range of projects, including certain projects that remain profitable. 
Furthermore, our margins will be lower than normal based on a timing of awards in our proposed -- in our prospect pipeline and the impact of projects discussed today. 
Now if you would please turn to Slide 8. In Energy & Chemicals, results for the quarter include additional project adjustments of $186 million relating to an offshore project. You have heard us talk about the offshore project over the last 2 quarters and the challenges we have faced as a result of significant growth from a FEED package from others. 
As a result of the revised and approved design guidelines, we determined, in the quarter, that we will not be able to meet the completion deadline as indicated in our contract. While we continue to engage our client in regards to execution strategy, we must recognize the cost associated with missing the initial project completion date and other identified expenses. 
Results also include additional charges totaling $87 million, resulting from schedule-driven cost growth and client and subcontractor negotiations on 2 fixed-price, downstream projects as well as scope reductions on a large upstream project. 
On a positive note, we won a reimbursable EPFC contract for a refinery expansion project in the United Kingdom. We were also awarded the FEED package for INEOS new processing plant in the United Kingdom, which is a part of their broader strategic investment in the region. We are excited to be part of these projects. 
Regarding our LNG Canada project, we're on track with the overall project schedule and budget. In the second quarter, we completed the last 30% model reviews and continued site preparation and construction of the Cedar Valley Lodge worker accommodation center. During the third quarter, we will be progressing engineering, continuing site preparation and commencing construction of the material offloading facility. We remain on schedule to release module design packages to our fabrication yard in Q1 of 2020.
Although this project has taken -- was taken into backlog at the end of 2018, we have completed additional reviews and can confirm that LNG Canada conforms to the revised risk criteria we announced today. 
We're also moving forward with the Formosa Sunshine project in Louisiana. Our team is working on the FEED component for several parts of this mega facility and continuing to put together proposals for other pieces of the plant. We expect to see, in the second half of 2019, a reimbursable EPC award for the utilities, off-sites, infrastructures and logistics portion of this project. We're able to leverage experience we have in this area to more effectively forecast labor and equipment costs.
And finally, in E&C, you have heard us talk about 2 large methanol projects that we expected to win in 2019. Unfortunately, one of these projects, South Louisiana Methanol, was indefinitely delayed by the client this quarter. This was disappointing to us, and obviously, affects our new awards outlook for E&C this year. We expect that the Lake Charles Methanol project will move forward early next year.
Now if we would turn to Slide 9, please. In the Mining, Industrial, Infrastructure & Power segment, results for the quarter include project adjustments of $109 million on 3 gas-fired power projects and $55 million on several infrastructure projects, including the Purple Line in Maryland. With regard to the power projects, we have final agreements with our clients, where both sides are absolved from future liability other than standard warranty coverage. Thus, we are pleased to say that these projects are finally behind us with no remaining material exposure to gas-fired power in our backlog.
You may have seen some news articles about the MTA Purple Line project in Maryland and some challenges our joint venture has faced to keep this project progressing on schedule. Due to legal and right-of-way delays, we have revised our project forecast based on increases to our cost forecast and changes to the time line. 
We announced this quarter award of a $1.7 billion I-635 LBJ East Infrastructure project here in Dallas. This project is the largest example of our strong relationship -- latest example of our strong relationship with TXDOT. We recently won a $263 million project with North Carolina Department of Transportation on Interstate 26 near Asheville. We expect to book both awards in the third quarter. 
In Mining, we're starting to see the FEED and feasibility work we have been completing over the last year come to fruition. In the second quarter, we booked over $300 million of work in copper mining projects alone.
Now if you would turn to Slide 10. In the Government group, results for the quarter include a charge of $233 million for a government project, on which the company serves as a subcontractor to a commercial client. For this commercial client, Fluor is providing EPC services for several new structures on an existing site. The charge we're taking on the project is substantially driven by late engineering changes, cost growth and project change orders that have been rejected. As a subcontractor on this project, we continue to work with the prime contractor to resolve these matters. The project is expected to complete at the end of 2020.
In the second quarter, we won a 9-month extension to the LOGCAP IV contract in Afghanistan. We recently announced our 14-month extension of our M&O contract at the Savannah River site in South Carolina, and we will book our portion of this award in the third quarter. Also later this year, we expect to hear about both the Tank Closure Contract and the Central Plateau Contract at the Hanford site for the DOE. 
Now if you would please turn to Slide 11. In Diversified Services, our Stork restructuring that we announced last quarter is well underway and going very well. Our restructuring will be substantially complete by the end of the year. This quarter, a Stork-led consortium was awarded a 4-year framework agreement for plant turnaround services for Ecopetrol on 2 refineries in Colombia. 
Now turning to our equipment rental company, AMECO. We're exiting our operations in Mexico and in selected international countries. Exiting these low to negative margin markets will result in a restructuring charge of approximately $120 million, with $37 million recognized this quarter. We expect to receive cash of approximately $90 million as a result of this restructuring effort.
And finally, we're evaluating the rest of our organization to see what offerings or end markets are not consistent with our goals to drive long-term value for our shareholders. All options are on the table, and we will tell you the results of this review on our September 24 call.
I'll now turn the call over to Mike to give some financial updates from the quarter. Mike?

Sure. Let me just comment on the several events that took place this quarter that resulted in the charge. For example, on the power projects, we were able to reach settlement agreement with the client. And as a result of that, we're taking a charge of about $109 million and taking some positive -- and receiving some positive cash flow.
With respect to certain estimates of cost to complete on a couple of projects, those were looked at this quarter given the progress that has been made, particularly with respect to engineering, which oftentimes drives -- which drives other factors, such as procurement and materials that need to be acquired. And those were reestimated on that basis.
As far as contract, we have a number, and as it is common in every project, of change orders on various projects. And we evaluate those change orders. We discuss them with the client, and we reach conclusions on where we are. With respect to the government project, for example, we have a number of change orders that are outstanding, and we met with the client and made a judgment as to whether we should take the charge at this time, and we decided that we should. That doesn't mean that we're not going to pursue those change orders at a later date, but we thought it was prudent to do so at this time. 
Another factor that we sometimes look at, and obviously, with respect to these estimates, there's a degree of judgment that is exercised, and we've tightened the assumptions a little bit. And as a result of that, perhaps took some charges that are reflected in the $714 million of charges this quarter.

Well, a couple of things. Certainly, we think we are well positioned to win work. And it's no secret that the industry has suffered severely over the last couple of years given what has happened in shifting of risk from clients to contractors. And the industry is getting more selective. But we're going to -- and we're getting more selective as well. But we think we're well positioned to win work. 
For example, right now, we have a backlog of $35 billion. We expect, over the second half of this year, for our backlog to grow, perhaps, to $40 billion. And with respect to this backlog growth that we are expecting, we're very comfortable with the kinds of projects that we are expecting to win. 
We are -- let's assume, for example, that we are awarded the Rovuma project in Mozambique. That project has gone through a screen filter that's consistent and compatible with the new rules of the road that we have established. So we're very comfortable with that. We also have some other -- for example, we have some other lump-sum project that we're pursuing, but those are negotiated lump-sum. So while our backlog will probably increase a little bit in terms of lump-sum, it will be lump-sum that we feel comfortable with.

Okay. Jamie, you've asked all the questions I expected you to ask. Let me start. 75% of the charges that we took this quarter relate to 2 projects, the offshore project and the government project as well as the closeout of the power projects.
With respect to the infrastructure projects -- and by the way, the power project is about -- I mean sorry, the government project is about 50% complete. The offshore project is a little bit higher than that in terms of completion. With respect to the infrastructure projects, the largest charge there is the Purple Line project in Maryland, which we discussed in the earlier remarks. 
With respect to the rest of the infrastructure charges, they're all small charges that we probably wouldn't have spoken about. But for the fact that, that they all add up -- total adds up to about $55 million, and some of those projects that we've taken small charges are not even in a loss position.
With respect to the strategic review that we're engaged in, as we said, everything's on the table. We're going to be looking at capital structure, dividends, assets, portfolio, everything that you can imagine to be in a position to report back on the September 24 call. 
And Alan, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.

Yes. LNG Canada, as I mentioned, we're -- it's early in the project still. We're still on schedule and on budget. We brought up a number of expats to augment our critical activity there. We have Mark Fields, who was there 2 days or 3 days after he got appointed Head of E&C. Mike and I have now joined the Board of Directors at that joint venture. We're dedicating all of our resources to that project. And at this point, we believe that, that project has -- would pass our new pursued requirements that we've implemented now. So at this point, we're comfortable with that project.

I can assure you, Steve, every project that we have touched, we have gone thoroughly and deeply to it. And that's not to say that we won't be doing that for the next several quarters or -- to a project completion. And that's not to say, as you know, we can't say that everything is done on each of these projects. But we have -- at this point, we are very comfortable with where we are based on the information we have now.
Now some of these -- there's one project that -- well, the engineering has caused us to have to increase our cost forecast, and that engineering is not complete. I don't expect that it -- I mean I can't say that it's going to have additional charges, but until the engineering is complete, there's always a possibility of that. But we have worked long and hard the last 3 months. We've talked to clients. We've visited project sites. We've talked to our project people. It has been an all-out effort.

Well, Tahira, first of all, we're very pleased that we've gotten an investment that's going to eliminate any funding obligation from Fluor for the balance of this year, maybe into the beginning of next year, once we get CFIUS approval. But we have noted significant increase in investor interest in NuScale, and we are pursuing discussions with other investors currently. 
So the fact that we've gone through 2 recent gate reviews with NRC and we have passed them, and we're expecting NRC approval, I believe it's late 2020. This makes us -- gives us a lot of confidence that we'll be able to attract investors in the next 6 months to a year.

Absolutely. That's one of things that Mark has enhanced even since he took over, and he's bringing resources to that project from other locations to enhance our capabilities there.

Yes. Let me comment on what has happened internally within the company. In the last couple of weeks, for example, we have made decisions not to bid projects that we probably would have bid previously. We have also changed our bids on a couple of projects to be noncompliant, but on the basis that we believe we can execute effectively. And we have established -- we're establishing a new discipline in this regard. We're not going to take projects where we are going to be bidding against a number of other competitors. And the -- and we don't have a quantifiable advantage. And even when we have a quantifiable advantage, it's going to be when there's a very limited slate of competitors. 
So this is a change that's quickly being -- that's resonating throughout the company. And every risk project comes to me for approval, along with my management team. And everybody's on board with that.

Yes. Sure, Jerry. First of all, on Tappan Zee, I believe we took a small charge this quarter. We have a -- and we do have a dispute with a client, a claim there, which we have a legal basis to do -- to pursue. 
So where we have a high level of confidence and comfort, Jerry, we will not take a charge. But in this case, we don't have very many other projects where we have claims that we believe are at risk. So as I said earlier, we took a very hard look. And within the range of reasonableness, we got a little bit more conservative.

Well, let me answer the second question first. Our prospect list really doesn't change that much. One of the areas where we expect our prospects to materialize, and we mentioned in the earlier remarks, is in mining. For example, where almost all the work is reimbursable. And with respect -- I mentioned earlier with respect to the next 6 quarters or so we have prospects that are about between $12 billion and $13 billion of lump-sum work, but 2/3 of that prospect list or the value of the prospects are either negotiated lump-sum, services or the Mozambique project, which we mentioned earlier, passes all of our tests in terms of project pursuits. 
And remind me, what was the first part of your question?

We have -- the integrated delivery model is something that we're going to continue to have available to us. But to the extent that any of our -- that our strategic review results in some changes in how we handle our investments, and that might change, but we are -- that's a capability that we have that we're going to continue to offer, but we're not necessarily going to be limited to that. To the extent that we can offer parts of that delivery model because the clients want that, we're prepared to do that. We're not going to walk away from different offerings.

Well, that's certainly part of the derisking of that project that we have, our modules being built at the fabrication yard in China. So that's definitely part of it, yes.

Thank you, operator, and thanks to all of you for participating on our call today. While we still have a lot of work to do at Fluor, we ask for your patience as we ensure we are taking the right steps. 
We maintain our conviction that Fluor is best-in-class company and are remaining diligent in our pursuit to restore our reputation and credibility. Our priority going forward is to pursue, win and profitably deliver on work that is aligned with Fluor's risk profile, engineering and project management capability. 
We look forward to providing additional information on September 24 as it pertains to our strategic review and our process regarding portfolio rationalization. We greatly appreciate your support of Fluor. Thank you.