Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Please turn to Slide 4. Before we get started on operational results, I want to share insights from Fluor's Supply Chain Summit in Greenville, South Carolina on September 14. This high-energy event brought together senior leadership from Fluor, our clients, suppliers and contractors across the globe.
Ongoing industry trends, new business ideas and solutions to current supply chain challenges were discussed. And this event gave everyone an opportunity to meet and interact with Fluor clients and senior Fluor business line and supply chain leadership. 
Fluor committed the proceeds from the event to nonprofit organizations, including the Carolinas Virginia Minority Supplier Development Council, the Houston Minority Supplier Development Council, the Greenville Chamber and Fluor Cares.  
The councils and chamber we'll use the donation funds to impart training and certification to minority-owned businesses, helping them get ready for relationships with larger corporations. 
Please turn to Slide 5. I want to start by addressing the legacy Infrastructure charges incurred in the quarter. Clearly, the impact of these projects weighed heavily on our otherwise great results in the quarter. The $107 million in charges include $64 million for additional rework and schedule delays on the I-635 LBJ East Freeway project.
$22 million for cost growth and delay mitigation costs on the Gordie Howe project and $21 million for subcontractor cost escalation and productivity estimates on the LAX Automated People Mover project. 
Over the past 21 months, Fluor's leadership team has taken action to improve the progress and execution of our legacy projects. Specifically in Infrastructure, we have completed 6 of the 9 challenged projects in this time frame. 
We continue to strengthen the leadership on the 3 remaining legacy Infrastructure projects in support of our joint ventures. In the last 3 months, we have shifted resources from across our organization, including claims management, project estimators, procurement and field execution personnel. This is in not only support our specific efforts but also reinforce the performance of our joint venture partners. 
Finally, we are actively engaged in formalizing our entitlement positions on these 3 legacy projects to seek relief for cost growth and schedule delays. This has taken some time to perfect due to the complex nature of the projects in question. We expect to validate these substantial positions in the next few months.  
Please turn to Slide 6. Building upon the positive momentum from the previous quarter's 1:1 book-to-burn for new awards, Q3 new awards were $9.7 billion with a 2.7 book-to-burn ratio. Q3 was the second largest new awards quarter in Fluor's history. 
Importantly, these new contracts are accelerating Fluor's strategic priority of fair and balanced terms, with reimbursable work representing 91% of total awards for the quarter.
A majority of our backlog is now reimbursable. New award margins continued our year-long trend being above our internal plan. And we have a robust prospect pipeline that demonstrates the value that Fluor can provide to our clients. We are currently working on or recently completed FEED and study packages that represent an estimated $131 billion in high-quality new award prospects.
We are also tracking FEED and feasibility prospects in the next 18 months that represent more than $163 billion in capital expenditures. Of that amount, 40% is related to energy transition. 
Moving now to our business segments. Please turn to Slide 8. Urban Solutions reported a segment loss of $54 million for the third quarter. Results for the quarter reflect Infrastructure cost growth on the legacy projects we just discussed. New awards for this segment approached a 1:1 book-to-burn ratio at $929 million of reimbursable work in Mining and ATLS.  
This quarter, we made the decision to retain Stork's North American operations. Starting next year, this new business line, plant and facility services will be in our Urban Solutions segment. 
As some of you may recall, this represents the original Fluor operations and maintenance baseload business that supported North American clients before the acquisition of Stork. The new plant facility service business line will promote our strategic priority of driving growth across the portfolio. 
This will extend our relationship-driven business model beyond the initial EPC prior to execution contracts with existing clients, while also contributing new awards and growth opportunities. Joe will address the remaining Stork operations portfolio in his comments a little later. 
Now turning to Slide 9. In Mining, we continue to make progress on converting our near-term prospect pipeline. In Q3, we received an incremental award for one of our key projects in South America. 
We are currently working on a limited notice to proceed for multiple clients and have $5 billion of near-term prospects to support demand for copper gold, lithium and metals for several clients that should be converted to full awards in the upcoming quarters. 
Now please turn to Slide 10. Our Advanced Technologies and Life Sciences business continues to expand. In Advanced Technologies, we have several projects and prospects across the battery and data center markets. 
Semiconductor opportunities continue to develop with many clients. Specific to Intel, we continue to receive incremental awards and are supporting their efforts to reprioritize investment plans. 
In Life Sciences, we were selected by a leading biologics company for a multi-$100 million reimbursable contract to perform procurement and construction management for a large-scale biologics drug substance manufacturing facility located in Scandinavia. 
This project and over $3 billion in prospects in Europe and the U.S. next year also supports our strategic priority of driving growth across the entire company portfolio. 
During the quarter, we received work from a new client that provides cutting-edge robotics and automation technology for some of the largest retailers and wholesalers in North America. Our initial contract is for the installation of racks and automation equipment into 5 mega distribution centers. 
As these locations are completed, we see the potential to significantly expand this relationship across the United States. 
Please turn to Slide 11. Since we already reviewed the challenges this quarter, I want to elaborate on our expectations for Urban Solutions and specifically the Infrastructure business line. 
2 years ago, as part of our go-forward strategy, we narrowed the focus of our Infrastructure business to state departments of transportation, moving away from large signature projects and focusing on regional road and bridge work.
After we narrowed our focus, we further refined the strategy by adjusting our selectivity criteria. Simply put, this means saying no to projects, no to clients or no to joint venture arrangements that did not provide an equitable balance of risk. And I can confirm that this selectivity strategy is working well. 
As an example, over the past 18 months, we have declined to bid on approximately $28 billion in Infrastructure work, where we could not see a path to mitigate risk and still deliver an appropriate return. 
For projects we may pursue, we expect fair and balanced contract terms. This includes additional contingencies, the ability to procure equipment and materials early and contracts where the client has some degree of responsibility for quantities and labor cost risk. In addition, we do not pursue EPC lump sum contracts where we are a minority partner. 
Moving on to Slide 13. Mission Solutions reported segment profit of $29 million for the third quarter, consistent with our expectations. The photo on this slide is from our Ascension Island project for the Department of Defense, U.S. Space Force and the U.K. Royal Air Force. 
Fluor began restoring the auxiliary air field to its full capacity in 2020. The eastern side of the runway is now complete and marks the halfway point of the project. 
New awards for the quarter include a $4.5 billion 4-year extension with the U.S. Department of Energy for the Fluor-led Savannah River Nuclear Solutions, LLC, Management & Operations contract near Aiken, South Carolina. Work performed at the Savannah River site includes environmental management and the cleanup of legacy materials, facilities, and waste remaining from the Cold War. 
The site also supports the U.S. government's nonproliferation efforts by processing and storing nuclear materials. Additionally, Mission Solutions has received a 1-year extension from the U.S. Army to continue supporting work with U.S. Africa Command. Currently, we work at 14 sites in 8 countries across the African continent. 
The outlook for Mission Solutions is increasingly optimistic with upcoming renewals, recompetes and new work. 
Moving to Energy Solutions, please turn to Slide 15. Segment profit of $59 million reflects an embedded derivative loss of $5 million, a $4 million impairment related to the conclusion of a project in Russia and declines in execution activity for projects nearing completion. This was offset by increased activity on recently awarded projects. 
New awards for the quarter included 2 reimbursable contracts, totaling more than $2 billion, for BASF, ethylene oxide and ethylene glycol and Infrastructure offsites and utility packages in China. 
Fluor is also awarded a $600 million award for a refinery upgrade in Mexico with our joint venture partner, ICA. This award is part of the reactivation of a residual upgrading project that was suspended in 2019. This is a fixed-price contract that aligns with our strategy because it was awarded on a sole-source basis with a long-term client, where we have a strong relationship. 
Another major award recently announced is a reimbursable contract for front-end engineering, detailed design and engineering and procurement services for Imperial. This project will use our renowned expertise to develop a world-class renewable diesel complex at the client's Strathcona Refinery near Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. 
The facility is expected to be the largest renewable diesel facility in Canada and will produce approximately 20,000 barrels of renewable product per day from locally sourced feedstocks. 
Turning to Slide 16. At the LNG Canada project, this month, we celebrated our 4-year milestone from receipt of the project's full notice to proceed. 
Our joint venture scope is approaching 75% complete. At the end of the quarter, 137 modules were shipped, with 124 on site. All 215 modules are expected to be delivered by the middle of 2023. We continue to work with the client to resolve our COVID-related impacts across the primary job site and fabrication yards. 
Fluor is well positioned to support the increase in demand for LNG. During the third quarter, we announced a full notice to proceed on the new Fortress Energy, FAST LNG 2 projects as a follow-up to the LNG 1 project from Q1. We also see opportunity for additional reimbursable awards with this client early next year. 
Not only do we have prospects in the pipeline for LNG work, but we also have prospects to support our chemical clients. This includes a significant reimbursable prospect for a major chemical facility in North America. 
Moving to Energy Transition on Slide 17. We are seeing ET activity across all of our business lines, including a project for a major automotive client that involve subject matter experts from Energy Solutions and Mining and Metals. 
In addition to this automotive award, CarbonCapture Inc., a U.S. climate tech company, recently selected Fluor to provide engineering and project integration services for Project Bison in Wyoming. This will be the first atmospheric carbon removal facility to use Class VI wells for permanent CO2 storage. And it will be the first scalable direct air capture mega project in the United States. 
Moving to Slide 19 at NuScale. In September, NuScale and KGHM signed a task order to initiate deployment of the first small modular reactor in Poland. Under this task order, NuScale is working with KGHM to identify and assess potential project sites and develop project planning milestones and cost estimates. It is anticipated that Fluor will engage in these activities early next year. 
On October 20, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's Advisory Committee on Reactor Safeguards issued a letter, agreeing on NuScale's methodology for determining their small modular reactor emergency planning zones. 
The approved methodology will permit a smaller planning zone, thereby opening up a wider range of potential sites for NuScale plant locations, including, for example, coal-fired plants scheduled for decommissioning. 
Finally, the U.S. Trade and Development Agency awarded a grant to Romania's [ Row Power Nuclear ], a subsidiary of the national nuclear energy producer, Nuclearelectrica, for a FEED study to develop NuScale's first SMR plants in Romania. 
Joe will talk more about this in the financial update, but I'll just mention, as a reminder, that Fluor remains the largest investor in NuScale with 57% ownership. And we are still considering the appropriate time and approach to begin monetizing our investment in NuScale. With that, let me turn the call over to Joe for the financial update. Joe?

Thanks, Mike. Yes, good morning again. So semiconductors, talking about specifically with Intel, where we've built up a great relationship with them, and you know. You've probably been hearing about what they're up to as far as CapEx. They had $27 billion outlined for this year, dropped that down last quarter to the $23 billion and now a $21 billion for 2022, but jumping back up to over $28 billion in 2023. 
So like I said on the -- in the prepared remarks, they're reprioritizing and looking at their plans and how to proceed and continue to award us incremental work to make sure they're putting the effort in all of their assets appropriately, including in the U.S. and internationally. So that's what we're working on now. 
We see -- with that type of CapEx going forward, we see that work coming on, and they're keeping us busy. But it will be a little further out in '23 and '24 for the larger events, if you will. And that kind of lines up with, say, the likes of Samsung who've seen a bit of a slowdown. 
But going forward, they see -- and their CapEx is -- had no change in 2022 and is at $38 billion, going up to $39 billion in '23. And their feeling is that they see their demand picking up in the second half of '23 for high-performance computing and in the automotive sector. So yes, it seems like it's just a bit of a pause here and then a pick back up in second half of '23 as the way I'd classify that. 
And I'd also say that it is, like you said, U.S. and international, both in Asia for us and into Europe, is what they're looking at. 
Mining, we've got these starting to pick up, right? We had our strategic planning sessions here recently and talked about Mining being in a really sweet spot right now and seeing a lot of new work come in and these limited notices to proceed. 
I mentioned the $5 billion [ in-house ] just on the front-end limited notes to proceeds that will converts timing-wise, to your question, I'd say, in the next quarter. This quarter, we're talking about plus into the first half of '23 and maybe into the third quarter, that type of time frame. 
But certainly in the next 9 months, we expect to see some great full notices to proceed in Mining. Energy, the chemical project I talked to is in North America. I'll just clarify that. And very exciting. It's -- I'd call it an Energy Transition project. It's a path to zero project for the client that's -- will be leading edge. And we want to certainly be involved with it to help that client but also help others with that low carbon footprint with the chemical facilities. 
So we expect more of that as well. Chemicals is one of our targeted business lines right now where we see quite a bit of growth coming down the pipeline as well. And I think that covered it. Is that right?

Yes. Thanks, Mike. Yes, just a great spot for us to be in right now with different optionality that we're looking at, and I'll ask Joe to comment.

Yes, Andy, so just following on those percent complete, it looks like -- right now, we're forecasting LBJ 635 completing in the second quarter of '25. Gordie completing in the second half of 2025 and LAX further along, as Joe said, 73% completing at the end of the second quarter of 2024.

Andy, and thanks for the question. I think we've talked about it a little bit before. We've got some recessionary pressures and inflation that we're seeing in the marketplace. However, even with the mild recession that we're expecting in the U.S. and maybe more so in Europe, the global recession is probably going to be -- I think the GDP forecast right now is for 2.7% to 2.9%. 
On average, and you throw in what China may or may not do as far as how they get back on track after their Zero COVID policy gets finished up, so that could rapidly give a lift to the global economy. 
But having said all that, from our perspective and talking to our clients and looking at their CapEx plans, they're -- generally speaking, if you take kind of a sample of some of our key clients across the 3 business segments, the CapEx plans are generally heading up from 117 -- take the top 10 clients, $175 billion in '22, up to $195 billion in 2023. 
And a lot of -- well, a good piece of that, let's call it $30 billion is Energy Transition. So these are decade-long decisions on the projects we work on and not really impacted by a temporary slowdown or recession, economic activity might -- our Head of Strategy was telling us that in a recent conference board, CEO survey, 136 CEOs, 98% of them are planning on a recession in the next 12 to 18 months, but 86% of them said that they're maintaining or increasing capital spending. So the money is there. It's coming. 
We obviously have to be really sharp on our estimates. Unfortunately, the supply chain forecast for softening of prices, generally speaking, and that will help with our estimates and our rate of returns for our clients. 
So yes. I think we will continue -- we said last quarter that we feel that we're at an inflection point for backlog and in thinking that our book-to-burn ratios can stay at or above 1 for -- certainly. And based on the strategic plans we've just gone through, we've got this -- the headwinds on new awards and backlog continuing across our business lines. Joe?

I think Andy, the really good news is that we're -- the new strategy has us really pushing on reimbursable work, and that has not slowed or cut us out of opportunities. In fact, it's -- we're seeing improving margins as we've talked about the last several quarters. We've been talking about improved margins since Q4, so -- Q4 of '21. 
So yes, we're quite bullish on the markets in front of us.

No. It's something we're looking at right now, like I said, in our strategic plans. And we're doing our operating plan for '23 here, second week of December. Joe, any kind of additional comments on guidance and how we're going to be handling that?

Yes, Steven, I'll just add to help us along here. Joe talked earlier about the percent complete when you're in the 50% to 75% complete range like we are 45% to 75%, say, right now, since we're in Q4, that were almost bought out completely on these products, over 90% bought out from an equipment and a supply standpoint. So also very helpful that that's behind us.

Yes. I think that's -- procurement is complete, all bought out. Really, we're putting basically in fabrication and construction mode, Steven. So that's all behind us. And as you said, it's more of a COVID and scheduled discussion that we're working on right now.

Yes. Brent, again, as I've mentioned here a few times, we've just gone through the strategic planning process that's taken us through 2026. And I'd also mention that Mining and Metals is really just -- we couldn't have a better market right now for Mining and Metals and also for ATLS with all the opportunities they have in front of it, both domestically and internationally. 
Those are two really strong growth engines for the company, going forward, and based on what we're seeing in -- actually line of sight on prospects quite far out in time, actually, as you will have with Mining. 
So looking at it and to your specific question, we see Infra being about probably 10% of the Urban Solutions portfolio, going forward, into the planning period that we're looking at through 2026 and sooner. 
And then between Mining, ATLS, you can think about it probably -- like I said, because it is so powerful in Mining, right now, you'll probably see Mining at 65% of the business segment and ATLS about 20%. And then we've got other, we've got the TRS, our agency staffing company, and we're just building up the plant facility services business as well. So that will sit in other in the near term, about 5%. So 65% Mining, 20% ATLS [ 10% ] in Infra and 5% in other. I think that's about right.

Yes. We've got lots of recompetes ongoing in the nuclear and civil space and DOE -- DOD and DOE, actually. So yes, we just see that continuing on a good trajectory like we've had and then feather in, obviously, the larger Pantex and Y-12 opportunities in the '24, '25 time frame.

Thank you, operator, and thanks to everyone for participating on the call today. And just to conclude, we're very pleased with the pace and timing of new awards in today's economic environment. Fluor is a great company with exceptional people, and we're well positioned to meet the ever-growing needs of our clients. 
And finally, be assured that these 3 legacy project challenges the company is working through this quarter is no way -- are in no way a reflection on the overall health in a very positive direction that Fluor Corporation is heading in. So we appreciate your interest in the company today, and thank you again for your time.