Steve, thank you, and good morning, everyone. 2021 was an important year for GE. We successfully navigated a dynamic environment, delivering solid margin expansion, EPS growth and free cash flow. We focused our portfolio, significantly reduced debt and strengthened our operating performance through lean and decentralization. We've remained on track to achieve our long-term financial goals, and we're confident about where we stand today and where we're headed.  
We entered 2022 with strength from this continued strategic operational and financial progress, thanks to the dedication and resilience of the entire GE team. We're seeing real opportunities for sustainable profitable growth from near-term improvements in our businesses, especially as aviation recovers and our end markets strengthen. With our transformation accelerating and significant momentum in our businesses, we're playing more offense through both organic and inorganic growth opportunities, such as our recent health care acquisitions.  
It's this momentum that allowed us to announce in November, one of the most important events in GE's history, creating 3 independent investment-grade industry leaders focused on critical global needs. We're supporting the recovery of the aviation industry today and creating a future of smarter, more sustainable and efficient flight. We're developing precision health care that personalizes diagnoses and treatments, and we're leading the energy transition to drive decarbonization.  
These are big challenges and our customers deserve and demand our best work. At GE, we're committed to creating value for all of our stakeholders and delivering on our purpose of building a world that works.  
Turning to Slide 3. We materially strengthened our business in 2021, and our balance sheet is in solid shape. We took a large step in the fourth quarter with the close of the GECAS-AerCap transaction, focusing GE on our industrial core and creating an industry leader and strategic partner to airline customers. Using the proceeds, we reduced debt by $25 billion, and we're now able to transition to a simpler reporting structure. I'll address our 2021 performance versus our outlook on a prior basis for ease of comparison. Then we'll bridge these results to our simplified reporting, which we'll use going forward.  
Let me briefly address the fourth quarter and Carolina will provide further insights. We made good progress in the quarter, 2 highlights of which were orders in Aviation and Healthcare, up 22% and 7%, respectively. But our top line results were pressured by 2 dynamics that we believe are temporary. First, persistent supply chain challenges. This was most acute in health care, although the impact was felt in all businesses, and we're confident in our countermeasures that are underway, including both price and cost actions across GE. Second, we continue to drive commercial selectivity across the board with a particular focus in Power and Renewables. We're being more disciplined in the projects we choose to underwrite in the broader markets where we participate. This means lower volume with lower risk today but better margins and less risk over time.  
Increased selectivity and supply chain headwinds each impacted revenue performance by about 3 to 4 points. Our focus on profitability and cash generation was evident this quarter. Industrial margins expanded 290 basis points organically, led by Aviation and Power Services. And we delivered $3.8 billion of Industrial free cash flow.  
Now looking at the full year, orders were up 12% organically with services growth in all businesses and up 12% overall, supporting faster growth in 2022. Industrial revenue was down 2% organically. Increased selectivity and supply chain headwinds impacted performance by 3 to 4 points and 1 to 2 points, respectively. Total equipment revenue decreased 8% organically, while higher-margin services grew 4% organically, led by Power and Healthcare. 
We ended the year with strong profitability and cash performance as margins, EPS and free cash flow all exceeded our full year outlook. Industrial margin expanded 390 basis points organically. Strong services growth, coupled with cost actions and restructuring benefits, drove improvements in 3 businesses, led by Aviation. This was offset by supply chain headwinds across the company, renewable energy performance and rising inflationary pressures.  
Solid margin expansion helped drive adjusted EPS up significantly to $2.12. And we delivered Industrial free cash flow of $5.1 billion, driven by better earnings and disciplined working capital management. If you add back discontinued factoring, our business has generated $5.8 billion of free cash flow last year. Now I recognize there are several definitions this quarter as we transition to reporting that reflects a simpler GE. But let there be no doubt, $5.8 billion best represents our operating performance for the year. And this is the number from which we'll grow in 2022 and going forward.  
Now given the impact of renewables on our overall performance, I'd like to spend a moment talking through the business dynamics. Remember, we run this business by its parts: Offshore Wind, pre-revenue and growing; Grid Solutions, on its way to profitability; and while not a part of renewables results today, there's Grid Software, a profitable part of Digital within Corporate. Our largest business, though, is Onshore Wind, which is where I'll focus.  
First, demand will be there in Onshore Wind as a critical component of the energy transition. We have leading products and a strong services franchise, but we do face near-term challenges, some structural, but many within our control. In the U.S., we're the market leader and profitable. While internationally, we've experienced continued challenges that we're addressing related to new technology ramps. And we're managing through the U.S. production tax credit, or PTC, inflation and supply chain issues. 
So what are we doing? Scott Strazik is now leading our energy businesses, and he'll run the same operational playbook he did at Gas Power. We're being more selective. It's okay not to compete everywhere, and we're looking closer at the margins we underwrite on deals with some early evidence of increased margins on our 2021 orders. Our teams are also implementing price increases to help offset inflation and are laser focused on supply chain improvements and lower costs.  
We're making progress operationally. Turbine availability is increasing across the fleet. Our field teams are enhancing the customer experience with better design and testing and quicker responses to field issues. Core services was up double digits in 2021, and we expect growth to continue. Using lean, the team lowered overall inventory by more than $300 million at year-end. We do have work to do, and we're on it. With Scott and Pat Byrne now full-time leading onshore at the helm, we believe this will be a growth business that delivers high single-digit margins over time.  
Overall, our performance at GE was strong in 2021, underpinned by rising demand in Aviation and Healthcare. Our bottom line focus is paying off and enabling us to reinvest in growth. This sets us up well to deliver high revenue growth, margin expansion and better free cash flow in the year ahead.  
Moving to Slide 4. GE today is operating from a position of strength. Lean principles are helping our teams increase their focus on customers, eliminating waste and driving continuous improvement. This is leading to sustainable, impactful improvements in safety, quality, delivery and cost. One recent example is what our Gas Power team did to dramatically improve the 7F turbine outage experience for our North American customers. By standardizing crews, optimizing material flow and digitizing frontline field procedures, the team reduced outage cycle time by 30%, ultimately decreasing customer downtime. Our teams are scaling their learnings to more regions.  
In this quarter, at PDx in Ireland, our team rearranged standard workflow and prep sequences in their main contrast media filling line, reducing turnaround time by 40%. This helps avoid unnecessary capital expenditures while significantly expanding our production capacity to reach more customers and ultimately more patients. These are just 2 of the many examples demonstrating the progress our businesses continue to make. Decentralization goes hand-in-hand with lean. We continue to drive decentralization at every turn, P&L by P&L. In each of our 3 go-forward companies, we'll carry that philosophy to drive better results.  
First and foremost, we're driving organic growth through innovation. In Healthcare, for example, we've been investing in one of the fastest-growing ultrasound subsegments, the handheld market. Portable ultrasound is expected to become standard of care over time as it enables quick insights from routine exams with greater mobile flexibility. We launched our Vscan Air, a pocket-sized wireless ultrasound last year, and it's already reaching patients in more than 70 countries, contributing to strong handheld ultrasound revenue growth in 2021.  
And at Gas Power this quarter, Guangdong Energy ordered 2 9HA.01 gas turbines, which will be the first to burn hydrogen-blended with natural gas in Mainland China. We're also selectively complementing our organic growth with inorganic investments, becoming more active in the market as we've strengthened our financial position. 
Recently, GE Digital acquired Opus One, a company with advanced interoperable software and renewable energy planning capabilities that are highly complementary with Digital's network management and optimization portfolio. Together, we'll help customers integrate distributed energy resources at scale. This builds on other bolt-ons we've done lately such as BK Medical to expand our competitive capabilities. 
In addition to broadening momentum in our businesses, many of our end markets are improving. In Aviation, we're encouraged by our performance, which reflects our actions and a continued market recovery. While the current GE CFM departures are down 25% versus '19 levels, given recent volatility due to the Omicron variant, it wasn't a material impact in 2021. Shop visits once again were higher than we initially anticipated, and green time utilization continues to lessen. Along with our customers, GE remains confident in the recovery while actively monitoring the impact of travel restrictions.  
We're positioned to lead as the commercial aftermarket recovers and Military grows, supporting the industry today and sustainability for the long term. In Healthcare, order demand remained strong despite supply chain disruptions which we expect to be with us through at least the first half of next year or 2022. We're encouraged that government and private health systems are investing in products and services to support future capacity and improve quality of care. We're also continuing to invest to meet rising demand from hospital providers while managing costs through operational improvements.  
The energy market remains dynamic. At Renewables, the PTC expired at year's end, and the uncertainty is impacting Onshore Wind demand. Based on Wood Mac's latest equipment and repower forecast, the U.S. market is expected to decline from 15 gigawatts of installations in '21 to approximately 10 gigawatts in 2022. We're monitoring policy proposals and see strong diverse interest in continuing tax credit for wind. In Offshore Wind, demand continues to significantly increase around the world. We have over 7 gigawatts of Haliade-X commitments, spanning across Europe, North America and now Asia, including our recent 1.7 gigawatt commitment with our partner, Mitsubishi, in Japan.  
At gas, while global gas generation was down slightly for the year, GE gas turbine megawatt hours grew high single digits, supporting stronger services and cash generation. We anticipate the 21 equipment market will be above 30 gigawatts. Overall, gas continues to be a reliable and economic source of power generation, and we see gas generation demand growing low single digits over the next decade.  
Our Renewables and Power businesses, including Digital and Grid, are playing a critical role in solving the trilemma of affordable, reliable and sustainable energy to meet increasing energy demand and support customers in achieving their net zero ambitions. GE operates in mission-critical markets, each with global reach, profitably growing backlogs and sizable installed bases. Aftermarket services, which make up roughly 80% of our more than $400 million backlog and more than half our revenue keep us close to our customers on a daily basis.  
So I hope that you can see that we're running GE better with a focus on driving innovation, sustainability and growth in '22 and longer term. With that, I'll turn it over to Carolina for further insights on our results.

Carolina, thanks. Turning the page to 2022. We're planning to provide more detail during our March investor event that Steve referenced. But today, let me share our company overview. 
Looking at Slide 10, we're expecting organic revenue growth in the high single-digit range; organic margin expansion of 150 basis points or more; adjusted EPS of $2.80 to $3.50 a share; and a range of $5.5 billion to $6.5 billion for free cash flow. There are a number of key assumptions underpinning our plan for the year. 
Let me start with Aviation. The continued commercial market recovery will again be one of the most critical factors to delivering our '22 outlook. Starting with the market, we're currently planning for improved GE CFM departures, which we expect to average down about 10% off '19 levels and total year shop visits to be up about 20% year-over-year. We expect revenue will increase more than 20% driven by strong worldwide shop visit growth and the ramp of LEAP engine deliveries. Margins will expand despite commercial mix pressure as LEAP engine deliveries increase while we increase our investment in new technology. 
Looking across our other segments. At Healthcare, we see low to mid-single-digit revenue growth driven by our commercial efforts and new product launches, tempered by continued supply chain challenges through at least the first half. We're targeting solid margin expansion this year inclusive of more than $1 billion of R&D spend. 
In Renewables, we've discussed in detail how we're driving operational improvement today in a smaller Onshore Wind market. This better execution, along with Offshore Wind growth will help us deliver low single-digit revenue growth and improved profitability. 
In Power, continued services strength will drive low single-digit revenue growth while we continue to increase selectivity and exit new build coal. We're on a path towards high single-digit margins in '23. We'll discuss cash more on the next slide, but across each business, we're driving operational improvements that in turn will deliver higher cash flow for the company. Better earnings and working capital management, especially inventory will enable us to grow free cash flow in 2022. For the first quarter, though, we expect free cash flow to be negative. 
In aggregate, our substantial backlog and large services installed base give us confidence in our ability to deliver on these commitments. We're focused on delivering profitable growth and stronger cash generation, enabling us to reinvest in growth and play more offense. 
Moving to Slide 11. Our strong $5.8 billion of free cash performance in '21 sets us up well to deliver $5.5 billion to $6.5 billion of free cash in '22. 
Looking at the year-over-year dynamics. Following last year's significant debt reduction actions, legacy capital outflows will be dramatically lower, down to $0.5 billion. We expect earnings will continue to grow driven by revenue growth and margin expansion. Excluding the capital impact, this drives the bulk of the year-over-year improvement. We expect working capital to be a source with continued lean efforts offsetting volume growth. We see opportunity to improve inventory turns as we resolve supply chain constraints. 
At Renewables, we expect a higher impact from onshore progress collections resulting from down payments on new orders and fewer deliveries in '22. And as both gas and aircraft engine utilization increases, we expect CSA billings to increase as well. We anticipate an AD&A outflow of $0.5 billion or a year-over-year negative impact of $1 billion, as our customers plan for higher deliveries in '22. We expect a limited drag from other cash flows, including growth investments supported by higher CapEx. 
Some color by business compared to '21 free cash flow, excluding the impact of discontinued factoring. We expect Aviation will be slightly down, driven by the AD&A headwinds I mentioned a moment ago, while Healthcare, Renewables and Power all improved year-over-year. This positive trajectory gives us conviction in achieving high single-digit margins or greater than $7 billion of free cash flow in '23 with today's portfolio of businesses. 
Closing on Slide 12. Since our announcement in November, we've received very encouraging feedback. Our customers are excited. In hundreds of conversations, they've indicated that the new structure will help us better serve their needs. There's also a lot of excitement within the company. Our teams are highly motivated. They're sharpening their focus and picking up the pace. This makes me even more confident in what we'll deliver this year. And our investors are also very supportive and see the value creation opportunity ahead. We have 3 terrific businesses that are leaders in their respective industries. And independently, they will be able to attract an even broader investor base with distinct sector-specific investment propositions. 
During the transition, it's critical that our employees remain focused on serving our customers and driving daily business performance. While nearly all of the company remains fully dedicated to running the business, we've established a dedicated separation management office led by Jen VanBelle and the senior leadership team. They are focused on detailed work stream planning and execution to deliver on each business' critical value drivers, ranging from optimizing their operating model to their capital structures, armed with best-in-class talent and board governance starting with health care. 
We're also naming leadership for these independent companies. Pete Arduini started as the Healthcare CEO earlier this month. He's already deeply engaged with our team and customers and has started meeting with investors and analysts, including at recent conferences, where the focus has been on technology and growth. And we're attracting new talent who are excited to be part of this, including Scott Reese, who will lead our Digital business, which will be part of the go-forward energy businesses. 
So we've hit the ground running to launch 3 outstanding businesses at scale in places the world needs and wants GE at its best. Each business will be focused and accountable with the agility to respond faster to customer needs, and there will be more opportunities for employees, management teams, boards and investors who increasingly want to be part of dedicated industries and missions. And these businesses, each with a well-capitalized balance sheet, will enjoy greater capital allocation and strategic flexibility to invest in growth. 
It's still early in the process, and we look forward to updating you as we move forward. More broadly, this is the next phase of building a world that works. GE is exceptionally well positioned to create long-term growth and value in our 3 critical global needs, shaping the future of flight, delivering precision health care and leading the energy transition. I'm proud of the work our teams are doing to enable a more sustainable, healthier, cleaner and connected future for all. And we look forward to seeing as many of you as can make it to Greenville, South Carolina in March for our outlook event.

Well, Josh, I think that's a pretty good summary in so much as we saw through the course of last summer and early fall, right, folks want to get back in the air. A lot of activity. We knew we would see a slight lag. But through the course of the year, right, our inductions and in turn, our shop visits, increased sequentially at any step along the way. 
There is a little bit of noise here, I think, with the new variant. But I think you're spot on and our customers have worn through a good bit of the green time capacity that they had as they prepare for what I think many of us expect to be improved conditions before too long here in '22 and then going into '23. Everybody wants to be ready. And I think that's more or less what you see, not only in our results in 2021 but is inherent in what we've shared relative to our outlook for 2022. So there may be some timing here or there in a part of the world or with a particular airline. But I think you're spot on, we're talking months, not years.

Scott, it's really been, what, 77 days since we announced the spins. I tend to use that framing as opposed to something that has a sadder context like breakup, right? We're excited about what we're doing. I think we really think that when you look at the year that Healthcare had operationally, they're in a very good position, getting better every day. Clearly, these supply chain challenges held back revenue in the second half with 800 to 900 basis points. But all in, we simply have to go through the work, right, over the next year to prepare this business to be independent. 
And I think if you could just snap your fingers operationally, that would be -- that would take less time, but there's a lot of legal and structural financial systems and the rest that we need to work through. So net-net, the plan of record remains today early '23. If we can get that work done more quickly, rest assured, I think we'd be motivated and keen to do that. But I think for today's purposes, the update is really that the logic and the rationale around greater accountability, better alignment, smarter capital allocation holds. The feedback across the board has been strong and supportive. So we're heads down. We're doing the work. And before too long, we're going to have an outstanding independent GE Healthcare under Pete and company's leadership that I think we're all going to be quite excited and proud of.

Sure. Brendan, I would say that in many respects, we're going to do 3 things in the face of inflation. We're not doing them in reaction to these inflationary pressures that we see, but the inflationary pressures make progress all the more critical. I'd say first, as you know, we have been reducing our fixed cost structure in a number of ways through restructuring and normal course work in Onshore Wind and in Grid, in particular, within Renewables over the last several years. That's 1 reason that Grid's on the cusp of being breakeven. That's not the target, but it is a waypoint towards better margins in that regard. And there's some work that we can do certainly in grid and in wind going forward. 
On the material cost side of things, we certainly can do more to make sure that we're not only designing in better, more robust cost structures given the inflationary pressures and the price pressures in the industry, but we've retooled our procurement team in that business as well. And we're just trying to make sure that we are working with our suppliers as smartly as we can to get the best combination of quality, delivery and cost possible. 
So we're working both of those cost leverage while at the same time, making sure that we are pushing price where we can. We were encouraged by the progress we saw in the upfront order price activity in the back half, particularly in Onshore Wind. There is more to do there. And rest assured coming into '22, the team, both here in the U.S. and across the world is hard at that work. 
And that dovetails admittedly a little bit into the selectivity that we talked about earlier in our prepared remarks, not that it's a reaction to inflation per se. But by being more selective, more disciplined in what we sign up for, being clear about the segments and the geographies that we like versus not given our footprint and capabilities, that will help, I think, drive margin expansion and frankly, in turn, better cash performance here as well. 
So there's a lot to do here, and we could go on. But I think it's important, Brendan, not to lose sight of the fact that the progress we're making in many respects is hidden a bit, given the downturn in the U.S. market, our best market given the PTC lapsing. But that said, when you look medium to long term, we continue to be big believers in the demand environment for Onshore Wind, and we think we're well positioned to be an important part of that going forward.

Deane, I think that if you look at the total company impact in the quarter, we were down, what, 3% from a revenue perspective. You probably -- if you were to adjust for supply chain and selectivity the way I penciled it out, you're probably in the mid-single-digit range in terms of revenue growth. Now I don't like doing that as you well know, right, that helps understand what's happening from an underlying perspective. But again, we didn't see those pressures strictly constraining Healthcare. We saw that really across the board, but it was most acute in Healthcare. 
And that's why I think it's important to look past or look through the revenue number here in the fourth quarter. Never happy to be down, but I certainly applaud the business' efforts at being more selective. The supply chain issues are what they are. We're not alone in that regard. But when you look at those dynamics, couple that with the 12% increase we saw for the full year in terms of orders, that is why I think we've got the optimism and the conviction that we do relative to the high single-digit organic growth figure in the outlook.

Andy, I would say that if you look at '21, price/cost was ever so slight negative for us. And I think as we look at this outlook for '22, the same holds. It will be -- it will have a different constitution, I think, this year because there are places, given the longer cycle nature of certain businesses, renewables certainly amongst them and certain commodities, and you touch on steel appropriately, right? We're going to see a little bit more headwind, I think, just given our cycling through the P&L in '22 than we did in '21. That said, right, the teams are much further along with respect to both some of the procurement and the value engineering work that helps us offset some of those pressures from a cost perspective as well as some of the price actions that we're taking. 
I think we clearly saw through the course of '21 in the shorter cycle business is Healthcare perhaps being the best example, where that inflationary pressure hit first and we began to see some of the positive effect from our pricing work as well take root. It will be a little bit different as the long-cycle businesses kick in, right, both the bigger ticket, longer-cycle pieces of Healthcare, but also in Power and Renewables, Aviation as well to a certain degree. 
So I wish it weren't what it is, but as we all know, it's probably as tough an operating environment as we've seen in decades in that regard. Again, it is what it is. We need to work hard both on the cost and the price aspects, which rest assured the teams are doing as we speak.

Sure, Steve. This was an incredibly important year for GE. I'm proud of how our team continued to execute for our customers, and we're excited about the work that lies ahead. I just want to thank all of our employees and our partners for their incredible efforts and our investors for their continued support. We appreciate your interest today, your investment in our company and the time you shared with us this morning. Steve and the IR team stand ready to assist as you consider GE in your investment processes. Thank you.