Steve, thank you. Good to be here with you and Carolina in the same room for an earnings call for the very first time.  
Good morning, everyone. I'm encouraged by our progress in the third quarter. Despite the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our year-to-date results, we're building momentum across GE. Our top line remains pressured, but our actions are driving an improved profitability and cash performance.  
In the quarter, Industrial revenue was down 12% organically. This was largely driven by Aviation as Healthcare, Renewables and Power were all up. Industrial margin was 5.6%, an organic contraction of 310 basis points year-over-year. Notably, all segments returned to positive territory for the first time in 2 years. 
Adjusted EPS was $0.06, down year-over-year but up sequentially. And Industrial free cash flow came in at a positive $500 million. Our sequential improvement was largely driven by better working capital and earnings. While positive and a good sign, we have plenty more work to do here.  
Let me focus on orders, down 28% organically, for a moment. Over 75% of this pressure was driven by Aviation as well as part of Healthcare, the places hit hardest by the pandemic. In Power and Renewables, some pressure results from our actions to be more selective in our commercial activities and some is timing, where we should see stronger conversion in the fourth quarter. Despite this, our backlog remains a real strength at $384 billion. 80% is in services, where we enjoy healthy margins. And while services are hurting in the near term, they have a long multiyear time horizon and keep us close to our customers.  
By business, at Aviation and GECAS we're managing these businesses aggressively and saw sequential improvement. Aviation is on track to deliver more than $1 billion of cost and $2 billion of cash action this year. In Healthcare, we delivered strong margin and cash performance. While pandemic-related demand has moderated, we saw scan data and PDx orders approach pre-pandemic levels. We continue to see CapEx pressure in private health care markets, and we're planning cautiously there.
As you'll recall, Power and Renewables were our turnaround story at the start of year. Improved operational discipline and cost-out actions are starting to show. In the quarter, both delivered solid organic margin expansion: Power, more than 700 basis points; and Renewables, more than 200. So clearly, our markets are, by and large, stabilizing, but to underscore the obvious, stability is not yet recovery. We still acknowledge that the full duration, magnitude and pace of this pandemic across our end markets, operations and supply chain is uncertain.  
That said, based on what we see today and the actions we've taken, we expect fourth quarter Industrial free cash flow of at least $2.5 billion, with positive contributions from all segments, but how much more really depends on how aviation fares through the quarter. And importantly, the momentum we're building should help us deliver positive industrial free cash flow in 2021.  
Moving to Slide 3. From day 1, we've known this would be a game of inches. This is still true today. We're focused on 3 areas where we're making real progress. First, we're continuing to strengthen the businesses. As a team, we've been engaged on what matters most, the safety of our employees, taking care of our customers and communities and accelerating our lean transformation.  
At the same time, we're focused on what we can control in the near term, driving better operational execution and further optimizing our cost structure. Our more than $2 billion of cost and $3 billion of cash actions started to play out in the quarter, now 75% complete, with our decremental margins, for example, improving sequentially from 44% to 32%.  
Second, we're solidifying our financial position. Since the beginning of 2019, we decreased debt by $25 billion. We've continued to maintain strong liquidity and flexibility, exiting the third quarter with $39 billion of cash. Carolina will provide more details in a moment.  
And third, we're driving long-term profitable growth even in the current environment. Lean continues to be the strongest common denominator across GE, and this is what builds the foundation for sustainable growth. We're picking up the pace, deploying lean to drive safety, quality, delivery and cost improvement in terms of both productivity and cash generation. For example, this quarter, we held our second lean week event virtually at Gas Power, with more than 1,000 participants across 10 countries and functions. We identified dozens of delivery and cost improvement opportunities.  
We're also continuing our efforts to run GE differently, moving the center of gravity closer to where the action is. We talked about GE as 4 industrial segments, but we drive operational improvement at much deeper levels within the organization. You'll recall that we split Gas Power and Power portfolio within the Power segment. This is working well for us. 
We're now simplifying other segments in similar ways to enhance visibility and raise accountability. For example, we're changing the way we manage P&Ls within Healthcare Systems, ranging from LCS to MR to ultrasound, where we are integrating production and product management to improve delivery. Similarly, we're now transitioning grid from 1 to 6 operating P&Ls. Importantly, this is not only a cost-out initiative but a way to ensure we're using the right processes, tools and resources to improve execution.  
This quarter, we held strategy reviews with each business, planning for the long term. These discussions focus on how we put ourselves in the best possible footing to play offense and how we win with our customers and for our shareholders. What was evident is that our businesses are focusing. We're setting more impactful objectives designed to deliver profitable growth. Examples include ensuring our gas turbines remain competitive at the top of the power dispatch curve as well as launching next-generation software platforms in our Healthcare Imaging business. The quality of our strategic thinking was much improved versus a year ago. Now we have to execute.  
So let's get into the details on the COVID-19 dynamics at both GE Aviation and GECAS. On Slide 4, you'll see GE CFM departures, which drives our service business much more so than RPKs. As a reminder, we track departures by region and by platform daily. With the third quarter overlapping with much of the summer travel season in the Northern Hemisphere, we saw GE CFM power departures generally improve. We've seen this plateau to down 40% in October versus our January baseline as we exit these typically higher traffic months. 
We expect the market recovery will continue to be correlated with departure trends across regions and fleets. China's departure levels are just below the January baseline, and we're watching load factors there carefully. The Americas have remained relatively flat through the quarter but have shown some improvement in October versus July. In Europe, some improvement in July and August has reversed in September and October. 
In aggregate, the near-term outlook remains quite fluid. And while there's been improvement from the April lows, we're now seeing stabilization at current levels.  
At GE Aviation, our military business remains resilient, but commercial aviation is clearly challenged. Under our new CEO John Slattery's leadership, we're progressing on the difficult actions to scale this business for the new market reality. Notably, these actions drove the sequential cash improvement in the quarter.  
Looking at these trends we're seeing through October, commercial shipments and shop visits are still down 50% year-over-year. Services are critical to the recovery of Aviation as we generate much of our cash here, especially within narrowbodies, which are more than 40% of our historical revenue. We typically have good line of sight into demand of about 6 weeks out at our internal jobs, but we have less visibility into external shop visits. We're working with our customers to forecast shop visits as utilization recovers, supporting our operations and supply chain. 
We made an important organizational move in aviation services with Russell Stokes returning to Aviation as CEO of that business. Russell will lead our aviation services business in a new role, integrating both our commercial and operations team.  
Shifting to GECAS. Similar to Aviation, our performance continues to be correlated with the market. As we said last quarter, 80% of our customers have requested deferrals, and we've approved about 60% of those. At the end of the third quarter, this deferral balance was approximately $400 million, and importantly, we've collected about 85% of what we've invoiced thus far. 
We ended the quarter with 29 aircraft on the ground, up 17 -- up from 17 in the second quarter, out of a fleet of more than 950. We're actively working customer by customer through restructurings and, in some cases, repossession. And our commercial team is remarketing aircraft.  
We're also taking action to navigate through this volatility. Let me share with you 2 examples. We announced Kalitta Air, who operate a 37-aircraft fleet, as the launch operator on our 777 passenger to freighter cargo conversion program, which features the GE90-powered largest ever twin engine freighter. We've partnered before and we're teaming up again this time with PIMCO to launch a $3 billion venture that provides airlines with financing to help upgrade their fleets at a critical time. This venture also enables us to acquire new and young fuel-efficient aircraft so we can continue providing our customers with the aircraft they need. 
We continue to plan for a steep market decline through the fourth quarter and a likely multiyear recovery. Long term, the aviation market has solid fundamentals, and we're committed to a safe return to flight post COVID. We're working with our customers and industry partners to ensure engineering and operational readiness.  
With that, Carolina will provide further insights on the quarter.

Carolina, thank you. Our transformation of GE is accelerating. In September, we introduced a new purpose statement for the company: We rise to the challenge of building a world that works. This is more true than ever as we continue to deliver for our customers and tackle the world's biggest challenges, from precision health to the safe return to flight to the energy transition.  
Climate change is undoubtedly a massive challenge and one where the technology advancements we deliver for our customers will play an important role. We've also been reducing greenhouse gas emissions from our own facilities since 2004, and we met our most recent goal for 2020 early, reducing our emissions by 21%.  
Now we're strengthening our sustainability pledge by committing to be carbon neutral in our facilities and operations by 2030. Our strategy to achieve this is threefold. First, we'll boost operational investments over time to achieve energy efficiencies. Second, smart power sourcing will enable us to reduce our emissions from the grid. And finally, we'll use lean practices to eliminate energy waste.  
Separately, we announced that we will pursue an exit from the newbuild coal power market. This decision highlights the interplay we are seeing between decarbonization, market dynamics and our own business strategy.  
Taking a step back. As I reflect on 2 years in at GE, what gives me confidence in GE's future are our fundamental strengths. In what continues to be a difficult operating environment, our team continues to show humility, transparency and focus every day.  
Looking across GE, we continue to build on our legacy of innovation, leading with technology. This was evidenced by some big wins in the quarter. Gas Power was awarded a large equipment contract with Taiwan Power Company featuring the 7HA.03, which optimally balances power output efficiency and maintainability. Additionally, Renewables finalized the supply contract with Dogger Bank for what will become the world's largest offshore wind farm.  
In Healthcare, we introduced a number of AI-enhanced products to make our customer workflows more efficient, including our Vivid Ultra Edition in cardiovascular ultrasound. And Aviation received certification from the U.S. FAA for the GE9X, the world's most powerful commercial engine and designed to be the most fuel efficient GE has ever built. 
And at the same time, our technologies are uniquely capable of helping solve the climate change challenge. We're raising the bar and reducing carbon emissions and increasing efficiency. We're delighted that gas power's 7HA turbines will supply the first purpose-built hydrogen-burning power plant in the U.S. By 2030, the plan is expected to run on 100% hydrogen.  
And there's no company with the scale of GE's global reach, brand, talent and long-term customer relationships. In all, we're encouraged by our progress amidst a challenging backdrop. We remain focused on the long term, not only in terms of our ability to perform but to realize our purpose and the full potential of GE.  
With that, Steve, we'd go to questions.

Deane, I would just add on CapEx briefly. We don't want to ever be in a position where we're under-investing in innovation, dare I say safety or quality. But that said, I think one of the beauties, one of the benefits we'll get from a true lean transformation at GE is we'll just have, I think, a sharper, more critical eye with respect to how we think about capital more broadly, not only in terms of when we need capital, but then when we see a need, how do we go about it, right? 
Because there's so many -- I was in a facility just last week, for example, I won't name the business, they'll know who I'm talking about, where it was clear that as we were tackling a particular project in that business, that I'm not sure we had the shortest leash on the team with respect to capital, right? We were looking at other measures of success. 
So as we implement that philosophy more broadly, I think we'll have an opportunity to spend less. On the other hand, of course, we're going to look for every opportunity we can put money to work smartly around new products, around new technologies, let alone enhancing safety and quality in our facilities and in our field operations.

Steve, I would say that what we've been dealing with given the COVID dynamics is a host of uncertainties; with the passage of time, have become less so. I think our last public comments suggested we thought the second half would be positive. We never talked about a specific number with respect to the third quarter. And again, given the progress on the $2 billion of cost actions, the $3 billion of cash actions, I think what was a very strong quarter on the part of our Healthcare business and the lack of any further deterioration of note in Aviation allowed us to put the quarter that you see here, the $500 million of free cash, together. 
I mean I would just add, I think we're encouraged by the turnarounds at both Power and Renewables. We came into the year knowing that 2020 was going to be an important year for both businesses to demonstrate traction in that regard. And whether you look at the sequential improvements, whether you look at the year-on-year margin expansion or the setup particularly for our Gas Power business going into next year when we think we'll be cash flow positive, I just think there's a lot of progress in those businesses despite some of the timing dynamics that we've seen, particularly with respect to outage execution, again, more back half loaded than first half loaded. 
So it's a game of inches. We've never been in a more challenging environment. But I think as the year has played out, certainly, as the fall here has played out, we're again encouraged by what we see from the businesses broadly but are taking little for granted.

Sure. Nicole, I think we used that phrase from the early days when I joined the company just to describe some of the things -- some of the legacy issues that we were wrestling with. But we don't talk about those dynamics the same way internally, and I think we need to start talking about them in the way that is more aligned with how we're running the business so you've got a better sense of those things that we have control of versus those that are running off, right? 
We've talked previously about those headwinds decreasing from $4 billion last year to $2 billion next year and a host of issues, right, legal pension, supply chain, finance, recourse factoring and, of course, restructuring. I think as we come in here to the fourth quarter, I think we're doing better in 2020 than we thought. And we know next year's restructuring cash is going to be higher given the announcement around the newbuild coal exit and some of the additional Aviation actions. So I think the lift next year is going to be a little less than what we thought but on balance over the 2 years in line. 
I think as we go forward, let's think about 3 things: one, restructuring, which we're going to continue to evaluate on expected returns. I think those are very much within our control. Carolina mentioned factoring, right? Better part of $2 billion year-to-date of a headwind from a factoring reduction. Those are actions that I think are largely within our control. And then the other items that should come down over time, whether it's some of the U.K. and Alstom-related pension dynamics, some of the legal settlements that are a little harder to predict, but I think on balance, it's part of the setup for us to deliver positive free cash flow in '21.

Sure. Joe, I appreciate that feedback on my MO. We're just trying to build and improve here at GE. 
But when we say at least $2.5 billion in the fourth, I think what we're saying is that, again, we're going to see the cash -- the cost and cash actions that we've talked about previously play through. I think we're going to see sequential improvement in profit in 3 of the 4 segments. I think Renewables is likely to be more flattish in that regard, right? And as we get the $2 billion of costs fully implemented, that should play through and be a cash flow benefit.

And Joe, I would just add that when you ask about the market, some of the things that are outside of our control, I'd really say we're going to look to do the best we can across the board and probably have a little bit more variability or uncertainty at Aviation, right? Departures is an important measure for us. We'll see how that plays out. I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks external shop business where we don't have as much visibility compared to what we have with respect to our own activity. Shipments out of the airframers triggers our AD&A obligations, a working capital dynamic there that could go against us. 
And I think we've shared before that we have past due, particularly on our military business. We're not happy with that. We can clear some of that. That will be helpful. If we don't, obviously not. 
So a few things that are still in play. But I think, again, between the cost and cash actions, earnings, working capital that Carolina highlighted, we think at least $2.5 billion is the right outlook at this point, given what we know and don't.

Sure. I think that in contrast to last year, Gas Power that was more front loaded from an orders perspective, we'll see things be more back loaded there. I think some of the wins that we have referenced should convert into orders in the fourth quarter. That's what we talked -- when we talked about the conversion, that's what we were alluding to.  
So we think that we're looking at a 25 to 30 gig market over time. That will bounce around. But I think as we exit this year, we're encouraged by what we see, both from a pending orders perspective and from a pipeline view. 
With respect to services, Nigel, I would say the story is not wildly different here in late October utilization, has been fairly consistent. We've seen that read through to CSAs. I think Carolina referenced the pressure we have seen. I think a function of COVID, frankly, on upgrades, at least in part. We need to evolve the product road map, but we know we had some opportunities in the Middle East, for example, that have just been pressured and then some given the oil price dynamics. And then there's the transactional dynamic. 
What I'm probably most encouraged by -- and we referenced the strategic reviews. We were with the Gas Power team just a few weeks ago. Scott has reset his services leadership, so we have new leaders in, in many of the critical roles. I was just really encouraged by the way they're getting back to some fundamentals. We need to improve our execution, both operationally and commercially in the transactional book. The same thing applies with respect to upgrades, even though that will be tougher. 
I had the opportunity -- they took me on a little field trip a few weeks ago. I went to a CSA site and a transactional site. Fascinating to see how the differences in the work play out, given the nature of those transactions. 
So we need to show you that we can take better care of our customers if we can get back to driving a little bit of growth in this business. It will never be our best grower, but we think we can do better and we can get good conversion on that activity. And that's what we aim to show you in the coming quarters.

Andy, and I would just -- I think we've got the line of sight that Carolina has talked about. We're going to go through detailed reviews with the businesses here in November to put a finer point on all of that. But to me, I hope what you see a little bit here in the third quarter, I think what we're going to demonstrate in the fourth quarter is this operational transformation is gathering momentum and. A number of the things we've talked about commercially, be it just increasing visibility, enhancing our win rate while being more selective, turning that into better underwriting and then ultimately, execution particularly in and around projects in Power and Renewables, all of that -- the cumulative effect of those small wins, again, that game of inches, daily management, I think, is what we aim to deliver here.

Jeff, I would -- as Carolina said, I think we're cooperating with the commission, and I think we take that reserve at that level, given our view on what's appropriate given the circumstances. And other than that, we really are not at liberty to say more publicly.

Markus, you're exactly right. When you think about the steam business, right, we've got both, if you will, capacity that serves the coal newbuild market in addition to the nuclear business and a service platform that serves both markets. I think that that's a business that has been challenged, where we have not necessarily made all the progress we have made in Gas Power. Part of the announcement that we have signaled with respect to the newbuild exit with respect to coal will allow us to take more cost -- more fixed costs, as you say, I don't believe in fixed costs, frankly, but the cost there that we can lean out. And then we'll continue to look for opportunities throughout the rest of that portfolio. 
So the teams made progress. A number of legacy dynamics in play particularly in steam, so we're not yet where we are in Gas Power but working very hard. And I think as we remix that business more towards services, we'll shed that cost, and it will be a better contributor to GE going forward, albeit one that's unlikely to have a robust top line growth trajectory.

Andrew, with respect to how we serve and how we compete, I would just add that it's important for everyone to remember that we have an active network of partners that do shop visits for the airlines that we supply into, right? We don't do all that work in our own shops. So that support continues. 
I think part of what we wanted to do having Russell slide over to Aviation, take on that more broadly defined Aviation Services business is to make sure that we are synchronizing better what we do from a repair and overhaul perspective with the commercial side of the business. So whether it be helping carriers execute different scopes, be it providing better delivery to our third parties, managing green time, as everybody is, as we work through cash conservation with the airlines, that's just a set of daily operational issues that, that business has managed and managed well over really decades. I think we're seeing particular pressure here today, but encouraged by what we see already with Russell and the team managing through the COVID period here.