Steve, thanks, and good morning, everyone. Our team delivered another strong quarter as orders, margins and cash improved. While the aviation market is showing continued signs of recovery and contributed to the quarter, our focus on continuous improvement and lean is driving broader operational and financial progress. At the same time, we're managing through significant challenges that we'll discuss further today. 
Starting with the numbers on Slide 2. Orders were robust, up 42%, with growth in all segments in both services and equipment, reflecting continued demand for our technology and solutions and better commercial execution. Industrial revenue was mixed. We saw a continued strength in services, up 7% organically. Aviation improved significantly, benefiting from the market recovery. Equipment was down 9% organically, largely due to supply chain disruptions, the Ford ventilator comparison in health care, and as expected, lower power equipment. Adjusted Industrial margin expanded 270 basis points organically, largely driven by operational improvement in many of our businesses, growth in higher-margin services at Aviation and Power, and net restructuring benefits. Adjusted EPS was up significantly, driven by Industrial. Industrial free cash flow was up $1.8 billion ex discontinued factoring programs due to better earnings, working capital and the short-term favorable timing impact of aircraft delivery delays. 
Overall, I'm encouraged by our performance, especially at Aviation. Let me share what gives me -- gives us confidence there. First, our results reflect a significant improvement in near-term market fundamentals. Departure trends are better than the August dip and have recovered to down 23% of '19 levels. We expect this acceleration in traffic to continue as travel restrictions lift and vaccination rates increase.
Our results also reflect operating improvements. For example, at Aviation's overhaul shops, our teams have used lean to increase turnaround time by nearly 10% and decrease shop inventory levels by 15% since the fourth quarter of 2020. These improvements are enabling us to get engines back to customers faster and at a lower cost.
No business is better positioned than GE Aviation to support our customers through the coming up cycle. We're ready with the industry's largest and youngest fleet, while we continue to invest for the next generation with lower carbon technologies, such as the CFM RISE program. This platform will generate value for decades to come. 
We're also clearly navigating headwinds as we close this year and look to 2022. We're feeling the impact of supply chain disruptions in many of our businesses, with the largest impact to date in Healthcare. Based on broader industry trends, we expect company-wide pressure to continue, at least into the first half of next year. Our teams are working diligently to increase supply by activating dual sources, qualifying alternative parts, redesigning and requalifying product configurations and expanding factory capacity. We're also focused on margins as we deploy lean to decrease inventory and costs as well as implement appropriate pricing actions and to reduce select discounts.
Our C team -- our CT team in Japan, for example, has been experiencing higher customer demand, so we're making our production even more efficient to help offset the challenge of delayed inputs. The team used value stream mapping, standard work and quarterly Kaizens to reduce production lead time once parts are received by more than 40% from a year ago. And there's line of sight there to another 25% reduction by the end of the year. While this is a single example within Healthcare, taken together with other efforts, and over time, these add up.
At renewables, we're encouraged by the U.S. administration's commitment to offshore wind development. However, in Onshore Wind, the pending U.S. production tax credit extension is creating uncertainty for customers and causing much less U.S. market activity in preparation for 2022. As we've shared, a blanket extension, while a well-intended policy, has the unintended consequence of pushing out investment decisions. In our business, given the lag between orders and revenue, the impact will continue through the fourth quarter and into '22. This environment, along with inflation headwinds picking up next year, makes renewables' ongoing work to improve cost productivity even more urgent. 
Given these puts and takes, we now expect revenue to be about flat for the year, driven by changes to some of our business outlooks, which Carolina will cover in a moment. Importantly, even with lower revenue, we're raising our margin and EPS expectations, underscoring improved profitability and services growth and reflecting our strengthened operations. And we're narrowing our free cash flow range around the existing midpoint. 
Looking further out to next year, as our businesses continue to strengthen, we expect revenue growth, margin expansion and higher free cash flow despite the pressures that we're managing through currently. We'll provide more detail as usual during our fourth quarter earnings and outlook call. 
Moving on to Slide 3. Challenges aside, our performance reflects the continued progress in our journey to become a more focused, simpler, stronger, high-tech industrial. The GECAS and AerCap combination is a tremendous catalyst, enabling us to focus on our industrial core and accelerate our deleveraging plan. Just last week, GE and AerCap satisfied all regulatory clearances for the GECAS transaction. And we're now targeting to close November 1. We'll use the proceeds to further reduce debt, which we now expect to reach approximately $75 billion since the end of 2018. This is enabling GE to look longer term even as we execute our deleveraging.
As we accelerate our transformation, lean and decentralization are key to improving operational results. This quarter, we hosted our global Kaizen week in each of our businesses, with over 1,600 employees participating. John Slattery, the CEO of GE Aviation, and I joined our Military team in Lynn, Massachusetts for the full week, while our business CEOs joined their teams across the globe. 
Lean is fundamentally about going to Gemba, where the real work is done, and is best learned in operations where you can see it, touch it, smell it firsthand. And in Lynn, we were there to serve those closest to the work, our operators. Our mission was to improve first-time yield on midframes, a key subassembly of the military engines we produce in Lynn, whose [ stubborn ] variability has been directly and negatively impacting our on-time delivery. By the end of the week, we had improved processes for welding and quality checks on midframe parts, improvements that we're convinced will help us reach our goals for military on-time delivery by the middle of next year, if not earlier. And we can improve our performance on the back of these changes for years to come. 
There are countless other examples of how our teams are leveraging lean to drive sustainable, impactful improvements in safety, quality, delivery, cost and cash. They reflect how we're running GE better and how we're sustaining these efforts to drive operational progress and lasting cultural change.
Our significant progress on deleveraging and operational execution sets us up well to play offense in the future. Our first priority of course, is organic growth. This starts with improving our team's abilities to market, sell and service the products we have. 
There are many recent wins across GE this quarter, but to highlight one, our Gas Power team delivered, installed and commissioned 4 TM2500 aeroderivative gas turbines in only 42 days to complement renewable power generation for California's Department of Water Resources during peak demand season. These turbines, using jet engine technology adapted for industrial and utility power generation, start and ramp in just minutes, providing rapid and reliable intermittent power, helping enhance the flexibility and sustainability of California's grid.
And we're bolstering our offerings with innovative new technology that serves our customers and leads our industries forward. For example, at renewables, our Haliade-X offshore wind turbine prototype operating in the Netherlands, set an industry record by operating at 14 megawatts, more output than has ever been produced by any wind turbine. 
From time to time, we'll augment our organic efforts with inorganic investments. Our recently announced acquisition of BK Medical represents a step forward as we advance our mission of precision health care. Bringing BK's intraoperative ultrasound technology together with the pre- and postoperative capabilities in our Ultrasound business creates a compelling customer offering across the full continuum of care, from diagnostics, through surgical, and therapeutic interventions as well as patient monitoring. Not only does BK expand our high-performing $3 billion Ultrasound business, but it also is growing rapidly with attractive margins itself. We expect the transaction to close in '22, and I'm looking forward to welcoming the BK team to GE.
All told, we hope that you see that GE is operating from a position of strength today. We delivered another strong quarter, and we're playing more offense, which will only accelerate over time. We're excited about the opportunities ahead to drive long-term growth and value.
So with that, I'll turn it over to Carolina, who will provide further insights on the quarter.

Carolina, thank you. Let's turn to Slide 9. Our teams continued to deliver strong performance. We're especially encouraged by our earnings improvement, which makes us confident in our ability to deliver our outlook for the year. You've seen today that our transformation to a more focused, simpler, stronger, high-tech industrial is accelerating. We're on the verge of closing the GECAS-AerCap merger, a tremendous milestone for GE. 
Stepping back, our progress has positioned us to play offense. We just wrapped up our annual strategic reviews with nearly 30 of our business units. These complement our quarterly operating reviews, but have a longer-term focus as we answer 2 fundamental questions: What game are we playing? And how do we win? These reviews were exceptionally strong this year across the board, with the most strategic and cross-functional thinking we've seen in my 3 years, enabling us to drive long-term growth and value across GE, while delivering on our mission of building a world that works. We're positioned to truly shape the future of flight with new technology for sustainability and efficiency, such as the recent Catalyst engine launch, the first clean sheet turboprop design entering the business in general aviation market in 50 years. 
Touching 1 billion patients per year, we're delivering more personalized and efficient care through precision health and combining digital AI within our products, including our new cloud-based Edison TruePACS, to help radiologists adapt to higher workloads and increased exam complexity with improved diagnostic accuracy. 
Through our leadership in the energy transition, we're helping the world tackle the trilemma of sustainability, affordability and reliability from launching new tech platforms at renewables, such as the Haliade-X and Cypress; to our recently announced flexible transformer project with the Department of Energy; to growth in the world's most efficient gas turbines. 
To be clear, we still have work to do. And as we do it, we're operating increasingly from a position of strength, serving our customers in vital global markets with a focus on profitable growth and cash generation. Our free cash flow will continue to grow towards a high single-digit percentage of sales level. And we have an opportunity to allocate more resources on capital deployment to support GE's growth over time. 
Steve, with that, let's go to questions.

And I would say just to the second question, the simple short answer is no change whatsoever relative to our expectations with respect to high single-digit free cash flow margins, right? When we talk about that, let's just take for simplicity's sake, 8% on a revenue base akin to where we were in 2019, right? That pencils out on a $85 billion to $90 billion revenue base to, say, $7 billion of free cash. 
That's really going to be an earnings, lower restructuring spend and better working capital management story. Clearly, from a profit perspective, that's going to be an Aviation-led dynamic. Healthcare right in behind it. And then we still anticipate that we turn Power profitable, and we get a couple of billion dollars of profit from Power. You deduct, call it, $1.4 billion for Corporate. But you get close to, let's call it, $10 billion of op profit, convert that to, net of interest and taxes, at 90%, you get to that same $7 billion figure. So we think we're on our way. But again, the short answer is no change.

Sure, sure.

Yes. Jeff, I think that's right. And as you would imagine, in an environment like this, we're not only working the value add, value engineering, the more traditional cost actions aggressively. We're working with the supply base as feverishly as we can, both on availability and on cost. 
That said, as Carolina was alluding to on the price side, we're doing all we can in the shorter-cycle businesses. It's a little easier, say, in Healthcare, where we've got more like-for-like. We can see those price actions. We're beginning to see some early traction there. Services is a bit mixed. But where we have opportunities, say, on spares and within the escalation frameworks within some of the longer-term service agreements, we're obviously going to get what we can there. 
You spoke to projects. I mean that's -- it's a little bit more bespoke. But it -- while it's difficult to measure price like-for-like, we are managing the margins with some of the longer-term procurement efforts that Carolina alluded to. 
Just more broadly on the backlog, it's important to remember, when you look at what -- it's what, $380 billion of backlog, 70% of that's in Aviation. Virtually, all of that is in services. So certainly, a competitive space. But between the catalog pricing dynamics and some of the escalation protection, we think we're well positioned. But we take nothing for granted there. Outside of Aviation, the bulk of the backlog is also in services, where similar dynamics apply. But again, limited pressure net-net in '21, building headwinds for us next year. We've got time to work both the cost and the price countermeasures. And as Carolina said, I don't think we've got a higher priority operationally here in the short term than those 2.

Deane, I would say with respect to the aftermarket, I think you highlighted some of the keys for us, right? Very pleased with the shop visit activity being up 40% in the third quarter, better than we had anticipated. I think we were calling for up 25%. We will see sequential improvement. It's not going to be as pronounced year to year here. In the fourth quarter, probably it's going to be up, call it, 30%. In October thus far, we're off to a good start in terms of underlying activity. 
All of that's been coupled with, I would say, robust spare part demand from third-party providers. So right, it's that coupling up, if you will, of volume and value that are going to set us up for a pretty good second half here and going into next year.
We're working through supply chain challenges here, be it material, be it labor, as we are everywhere else. I think we're positioned here, at least as we -- as best we can see. I'm glad you highlighted the lean improvements, right? Rather than just throwing a lot of bodies and a lot of capital into the breach, we really are trying to work the process. Russell Stokes and the team in services understand that very well, which is why we highlighted some of the turnaround improvements that we did in our formal remarks. 
You go back to, I guess, what was technically the second quarter, but the -- middle of June, John Slattery, in concert with our partners at Safran, announced the CFM RISE program, which really is a multigenerational technology investment program to make sure we're on a path, be it with sustainable aviation fuels, be it hybrids, be it hydrogen, to be in a position to maintain the industry leadership this business has enjoyed for decades. 
So there's a lot to come. We're going to be spending. And we're going to be spending smartly in and around those areas to launch technologies that ultimately transition into product programs as our airframer and airline customers deem appropriate. So a lot going on short term and long term. But again, we really like where Aviation is, particularly with the departure trends and the outlook here in the near term.

Sure. Sure, Andrew. Let me take a swing at that. I would say that, again, we're really pleased with the progress on both the deleveraging and the operational improvements. We still have to close the transaction, work through the follow-on debt reductions. But to be in a position to have line of sight now on what will be a cumulative approximately $75 billion debt reduction over the last 3 years allows us, I think, to look at the balance sheet and begin to think about playing more offense and take advantage of the strategic optionality that we have been looking to build and grow. That goes hand in hand with the underlying improvements, some of which, I would argue, you see in these numbers. Others, like what I saw in the shop floor and Lynn a few weeks back, you don't see yet, but which I think give us confidence that more improvements in terms of top line, bottom line and cash are forthcoming. 
And all that really does is, I think, allow us to both invest in the business more aggressively, organically and inorganically. That's why we were so excited about the BK Medical transaction. Admittedly small, but the strategic logic behind it, the value-add, operationally, our $3 billion high-performing Ultrasound business will generate and the high single-digit returns we think we will have in time, that's what we should be doing more of in concert with what we're going to do organically. 
All of that really sets us up, I think, Andrew, to be in a position to really realize the full potential of these wonderful businesses in the GE portfolio. There are a host of ways that could play out over time. But first things first, right? We've got some business here with the GECAS and AerCap merger to work through. We've got these operating challenges to navigate through the fourth quarter and going into next year. But I really do think we're increasingly operating from a position of strength. I like where we are. And in time, we will realize the full value of these businesses.

Markus, I think the other part of your question was really with respect to the steam generators for nuclear applications. As you will appreciate, our focus continues to be on running that business as well as we can for our customers. Recently, we did acknowledge that we are in discussions with EDF regarding a potential transaction. If there's an opportunity to create value, we'll certainly pursue it. 
But if you step back for a moment, I think we are of the view that nuclear overall has an important role to play in the energy transition. We know the French government is strongly of that view. They aren't alone. I was in the U.K. last week where we had similar conversations, particularly in and around advanced nuclear technology, particularly in the case of the small modular reactors, which we know can provide carbon-free, dependable baseload and flexible capacity as we move forward here. So we've got a lot of capabilities in and around nuclear, really the whole nuclear life cycle. So we don't talk a lot about it, but it is part of the power framework for the energy transition and one we'll continue to manage as best we can going forward.

Joe, let me take that. I think with respect to the U.S. market for onshore wind, we do see a step-down here going into '22, probably stepping down from, say, 14 to 10 gigawatts. It's not yet set in stone because these conversations are active and underway in Washington, given all the legislation under review that run up to COP26 and the like. 
I think what we are incorporating in our commentary here today is a more pessimistic, perhaps, but updated view relative to the very near term. So in the absence of those incentives in the short term, we're going to feel pressure, both on new unit orders and in repowering. So some of that impacts cash. Some of that impacts margins relative to repowering installations this year. The good news is this is all part of a long-term extension given the administration's commitment to the energy transition, to the role of both onshore and relatedly offshore wind in that transition.
So if you take the decade-long view, the impetus or the imperative for us is really to manage these businesses better to generate better margins -- operating margins. But in the short term, we've got some additional pressures just given the reduction in demand that will follow the uncertainty around the tax incentives. And they hit us hard because the North American market, the U.S. market is clearly the best onshore wind market for us on a global basis.

Nicole, I've talked to some of those CEOs. Some of those CEOs are friends of mine. I'm not sure we're yet at a place where we would say that things are stable. We may have line of sight. We may have improvements in one commodity or in one business. But almost without fail, the next day, right, a commodity, a supplier, a logistics provider that we thought was good for the next 6 weeks or the next 6 months offers up a revision to that outlook. So I think I've used a phrase I probably shouldn't, but I'll repeat it. It really is akin to playing Whac-A-Mole, right? By business, by commodity, by geography, it just seems like every day, there's new news to battle with. 
I couldn't be more pleased with the way our team is navigating all of this, both in terms of availability and cost. We've got new procurement leadership in a number of businesses. We're really trying to make sure that we're true to our lean imperative of safety, quality, delivery and cost in that order. We don't want to have a short-term Band-Aid that costs us long term. But it really is a tactical, muscular endeavor right now that we're working our way through. 
You've heard others. You've heard some of the key suppliers talk about electronic components likely to be at least a 2-, 3-quarter challenge, maybe longer. That's important for us in certain businesses and certainly in some of our higher-margin businesses. But we're working through it. It's probably more challenging, if not more challenging than I've ever seen in my career. But we'll work our way through it. Things will level out in time. And I think that given this was an area where we wanted to strengthen our operational capabilities, while it's more challenging in the short term, we'll be better for it medium to long term.

Andy, for sure, right? And it's not our style to try to build back a better headline here. But that's 9 points of real pressure given the supply chain issues that Nicole was just probing us on. And again, I think Carolina mentioned that the Ford ventilator effort a year ago for the HHS was a significantly tough comp.
But if you look at the 19% orders growth, if you look at what's happening both in the public and the private spheres, plus what we're doing increasingly both from a commercial and from a product perspective, we've talked about the opportunity to take this business from a low single-digit grower in the mid-single-digit range to grow margins in the 25 to 70 basis points over time. 
I've got more conviction about our potential to do that than I did a year ago. Just off a U.K. trip where I had some quality time with a number of our business leaders over there, our PDx business in particular, lots of good things going on. We've got a CEO transition here in the offing that we're excited about. Kieran Murphy has done a heck of a job with that business. Pete Arduini coming in is, I think, very much committed to those types of expectations. He's certainly coming because he's excited about the potential that he sees across the GE Healthcare portfolio. 
So we wish it weren't as much of a camouflage, the headline here given the supply chain issues. We'll work through it and just feel like this is a strong business that will get stronger over time.

Steve, I know we're over. But let me just, if I may, take a moment to thank our employees and our partners around the world for what are truly extraordinary efforts here given the pandemic and the recent challenges. My thanks go out to everybody. We're operating from a position of strength today. 
I also want to thank our investors for their continued support. And we certainly appreciate your interest, your investment in our company and your time today. Steve and the IR team, as always, stand ready to help and assist in any way possible as you consider GE in your investment processes.