Steve, thanks. Good morning, everyone. We hope you and your families are healthy and safe. We, like many others, had a challenging second quarter that the GE team met head-on, executing well operationally, while we took actions to further derisk our company. I want to thank all of my GE colleagues who are working tirelessly to serve our customers, our communities and our company.
Now as we expected, our financial performance declined across the board in the quarter. The sharp -- the deceleration caused by COVID-19 that we experienced in March continued through May. But we've started to see some early signs of improvement in June and July. Nonetheless, we remain cautious going into the second half given the uncertainty associated with the pandemic.
Now taking our second quarter results by business. At Aviation and GECAS, many of the drivers we saw in March, airlines conserving cash, not flying the planes they have, limiting maintenance spend and deferring orders are still relevant today. We're aggressively managing these businesses with cost and cash actions and partnering closely with our customers on a daily basis. I'll provide more color on this shortly.
In Healthcare, we continue to have elevated demand for COVID-19-related products. However, procedure deferrals are still affecting other products, including those in our high-margin Pharmaceutical Diagnostics business. Despite these volume and mix pressures, our team held margins flat in the quarter.
In Power and Renewables, outages pushed from the first to the second half, and field mobility constraints impacted projects. To offset those pressures, we continue to improve the cost structures of these businesses. Carolina will discuss these segment results in detail later.
With this backdrop, we saw revenue down 20% organically due to lower volume across all businesses. Recall that some of our shorter-cycle, higher-margin businesses, like services in Aviation and Gas Power as well as Healthcare are more heavily impacted by COVID-19. Combined, their revenue was down 3x that of the rest of GE Industrial. Despite this, our backlog remains a great strength at $381 billion, with about 80% in services. While services are hurting in the near term, they have a multiyear time horizon and keep us very close to our customers. Industrial margin was negative and decremental margins were 44%. 
Our adjusted EPS was a negative $0.15, down significantly year-over-year. This was largely driven by lower volume at our shorter-cycle, higher-margin businesses and impairment charges related to COVID-19 at Aviation and GECAS.
And Industrial free cash flow came in above the guide we provided in May at a negative $2.1 billion, better, but obviously still negative. This was largely driven by working capital improvement, primarily led by better-than-expected collections across the company. While this reflects improved operational execution, we have plenty more work to be the lean company we want to be.
So clearly, this was a tough quarter, and the COVID-19 dynamics continue to evolve with global cases rising. We acknowledge that the full duration, magnitude and pace of this pandemic across our end markets, operations and supply chains is still unknown. The macroeconomic environment could deteriorate further before it recovers. That said, based on what we see today and the actions we've taken, sequential improvement in earnings and cash in the second half of 2020 is achievable, and we expect to return to positive Industrial free cash flow in 2021.
Moving to Slide 3. We're focused on what we can control in the near term while positioning the business for the long term. Importantly, the near term still starts with our COVID-19 response. Our top priorities remain the safety of our employees and our communities, serving our customers in these critical moments and preserving our strengths.
Here's how we're operating today in 3 core steps: first, embracing reality. The current environment is what it is. So we're further optimizing our cost structure. And as mentioned before, we're targeting more than $2 billion of cost actions and $3 billion of cash actions this year.
Second, redefining winning. For example, we've shifted our focus from margin expansion to decremental margin improvement. Our businesses have also adjusted their priorities for 2020. Let me share a recent case. It spans Healthcare and Aviation and illustrates the point well. Our team stood up patient care monitor production at our Power and avionics manufacturing facility in Cheltenham. They used lean to deliver 300 units per week with quality and efficiency, achieving the necessary 13-minute average production time. This certainly wasn't on Healthcare or Aviation's priority list at the beginning of the year, but it's a priority today and a job well done.
Third, we're executing our plan. We haven't lost sight of accelerating our transformation. For example, in Gas Power, the team is leveraging lean problem-solving in the new production introduction process for the third generation of the HA turbine, the 7HA.03. This allows us to drive efficiencies and solve potential problems earlier than ever, focusing on both the present and the future.
This quarter, we also announced some important changes to our team, complementing our strong existing bench of GE talent. First is the retirement of GE Vice Chairman and Aviation President and CEO, David Joyce. Over David's remarkable career, his leadership established GE Aviation as the world's foremost aircraft engine franchise. I personally thank him for his 40 years of service to our company. It was not easy to find a worthy successor to David, but I'm very excited to welcome John Slattery, a proven leader with extensive global commercial aviation experience to our team.
Pat Byrne, who recently celebrated 1 year with GE as our digital CEO was recently named Vice President of Lean Transformation. Additionally, 2 GE veterans were appointed to key leadership roles. Nancy Anderson was named Chief Information Officer; and Mike Barber was appointed Chief Diversity Officer, as we take steps to drive further inclusion and diversity. To support that effort, we've also named diversity officers across all of our businesses, in addition to Mike, to drive that accountability. Together, these leaders, both those new and those well-known to GE, will play critical roles in GE's operational and cultural transformation.
In terms of derisking the balance sheet, we prioritize maintaining liquidity in this environment, exiting the quarter with $41 billion of cash. We also proactively extended near-term maturities, and we continue to reduce debt. Since the beginning of last year, we've reduced debt by $22 billion. 
Concurrent with today's earnings, we're launching a program to fully monetize our Baker Hughes position over approximately the next 3 years. Executing this program in a patient and disciplined manner allows us to divest a substantial noncore asset, redeploy capital, enhance our financial flexibility and strengthen our balance sheet. We also continue to focus our portfolio recently completing the sale of GE Lighting.
Now I'll give you a deeper dive on GE Aviation and GECAS, given the severity of COVID-19's impact on commercial aviation. On the left slide -- on the left side of Slide 4, you'll see departures, which drives our services business, much more so than RPKs. We track departures by region and by platform daily. And what we're seeing in July suggest continued improvement globally. GE and CFM traffic has rebounded off of a low of down 76% in April from the January baseline to down 43% in July. 
While we're seeing some improvement in aggregate, it varies by region as countries reopen. China has gone from being down over 70% to now being down 9%, which is obviously encouraging. In contrast, Europe is down 45% and has been rebounding since the beginning of July. The Americas are also down 45% and were getting better until very recently. This recovery will continue to be correlated with departure trends across global fleets and per aircraft, which ultimately impact the pace of shop visit growth.
If we look at GE Aviation and the trends we're seeing through July, commercial units are down 50% year-on-year. And services shop visits are down 55%, and CSA billings are down 60%. Services are critical to the recovery of GE Aviation as we generate a lot of cash here especially within narrowbodies, which were more than 40% of our revenue. On the other hand, our military business remains strong, with unit growth up 10% year-over-year.
Our teams are not standing still, carrying half of the $2 billion in cost reductions and 2/3 of the $3 billion cash actions for all of GE. This has improved decremental margins slightly with further progress expected in the second half. 
Shifting to GECAS. Similar to our peers, we continue to see elevated deferral requests from about 80% of our customers. To date, we've granted approximately 60% of short-term deferrals based on a thorough review process. Importantly, we're starting to see customers pay on these deferral plans. At quarter end, we had 17 aircraft on the ground. We have a daily operational dashboard that allows us to closely monitor developments, ensuring that customer by customer, we have line of sight on where we may have repossession or restructuring exposure. We're also actively managing our skyline to better align with customer demand and the airframers' production schedules. 
Our GECAS portfolio was also more diverse today than prior downturns. While approximately 60% of our fleet exposure is in narrowbody aircraft, our widebody aircraft make up less than 30%, and the remaining balance is in regional jets and cargo. 
The widebody asset class has been hit hard during the pandemic, but we're being strategic around future placements, and programs like cargo conversion help extend the life of these aircraft. For example, we recently delivered a prototype to Israel aerospace as part of a partnership to convert 15 of their 777 passenger jets to cargo.
We're planning for a steep market decline this year and likely a slow multiyear recovery. Long term though, the aviation market has solid fundamentals, and we're committed to protecting the future of this business and our leadership position within the industry.
And with that, I'll pass it to Carolina.

Carolina, thanks. In summary, this was without a doubt, an exceedingly challenging quarter. But I hope when we look back on this quarter, we'll remember it as one where we rose to a challenge of historic uncertainty and difficulty, to embrace our reality head on, and drive better operational execution while taking actions to derisk the company. 
Better earnings and cash performance in the second half are achievable based on what we see today and the aggressive actions we've taken. As Carolina said, we do have work to do, and the environment is still fluid. It remains a game of inches. 
I have no doubt we're accelerating GE's transformation for the long term, though. We're increasing our focus on lean and taking action on the factors within our control. That, coupled with our fundamental strengths, our exceptional team, our leading technologies and our global reach give us confidence in our ability to unlock the potential across GE today. 
So with that, Steve, let's go to Q&A.

Okay. Well, Nigel, I think you touched on a number of the variables within the industry on top of those that are a function more directly from COVID-19 that make the first part of the question so challenging to answer and to work through, of course, inside the company and inside the industry. I think our view is that we are encouraged by the sequential improvement we've seen broadly around the world, but we're still down over 40% from a departures perspective. China being down high single digits is encouraging. They were first in and first out. Perhaps that suggests some of the potential from here. But I think by no means are we suggesting that things get meaningfully easier from here, at least in the short term. I think this is going to continue to be a challenging environment as governments and the public sort through how to react just broadly to the case trends. It will be a different dynamic country to country. 
But with respect to those things within our control, again, we're trying to make sure that we continue to push safety first within our own operations, doing what we can to help align the industry around a safe return to flight. Operationally, tremendous amount of focus, as you well know, on cost and cash preservation, all the while looking for those opportunities to quicken the cycle time within a shop visit to improve productivity. So we're not only reacting to this unprecedented headwind, but they're working through the dynamics that will really dictate how well we perform in the second half in '21 and beyond. 
You mentioned USM, clearly, as the carriers make decisions with respect to how they want to transition those planes that are parked in the retirement status, we saw some of that. I suspect we will see more of that over the next couple of years. We think we're well positioned to participate given that USM is a source of material for our CSAs. It has been for many years. So we'll have to see how all this plays out. Again, I don't think we're looking for anyone to do us any favors. I don't think we have a different posture than anyone else in the industry. These are difficult times in commercial aviation, but we'll work through that, all the while doing what we can to continue to feed a strong and growing military aviation within our company.

Yes, Steve, I think -- I think Carolina has laid it out. We've got work to do. Again, I think what we're saying this morning is that we came in better than we thought in the second quarter, obviously, a lot of good work. We certainly had a benefit from the lower production schedules with the airframers. But I think as we look at the second half, we're going to drive sequential improvement. We're going to do the best we possibly can, and we'll see where we end up at the end of the year.

Andrew, I'm not sure that we would go there today. I think what we're focused on, clearly, is the trajectory around shop visits. We've got better visibility today in the third than we do in the fourth with respect to our own shops. As you know, when we talk about shop visits, some of that activity is performed within our own facilities, but there's other volume that we support through material supply into third parties that do similar work. So there are a raft of factors in play here. 
But again, I think given what we see today, we continue to believe the principal pressure that we're all under is how the carriers are going to operate and maintain the existing fleet. There are other dynamics that we haven't talked about, such as green time, that are realities that we need to embrace, realities we need to help our customers manage. So it's going to -- again, I think it's going to be challenging for us and for really everybody in the industry until we have better visibility on a sustained trajectory. That said, we continue to take the actions internally, not only on the cost and cash front, but also operationally, to drive the lean implementation so that we're producing cycle time and reducing delinquencies and past dues to make the most of this COVID period.

Markus, I would just add that I think what Carolina has framed well there is the efforts that are underway. But right behind that, we are continuing to look for opportunities and efficiencies. And that's just the nature of kaizen, really, right? With the passage of time, you see more, you can do more, you build that momentum. So as we continue to look to just drive efficiency overall, but at the same time, deal with these headwinds, you should expect us to root out as much cost as we can and to preserve and generate as much cash as possible. But in terms of the hard targets for today, I think Carolina has laid that out.

Andy, I would say that there is a lot that's in-flight, pardon the pun, with respect to improving the cost structure in Aviation. What we've clearly been hit hardest from a volume perspective and internal margin perspective in, in services. I don't think that the sequential improvement that we see in the second half is going to take us into a zone that starts with a 3, but I think we will be in a zone with a 4, with the third quarter showing us some modest improvement. And I think we'll see even more in the fourth.

Well, Deane, I think what we wanted to highlight today is we're going to take the next step toward full monetization here. We're going to do it over a multiyear period, as you saw. And the program, at a high level, is basically designed to enable us to sell our shares, basically the VWAP over, call it, the next 3 years. We think this makes sense in this environment. Clearly, we started the monetization of Baker back in the fall of '18, nearly 2 years ago. But this allows us to be, I think, still patient and disciplined while we divest this noncore piece of the portfolio, and that sets us up clearly to redeploy that capital. And I think we're excited about the enhanced financial flexibility that it will give us.

Yes. I think you covered it well. We thought that we would take an early look at that highest-risk portion of the portfolio, roughly 20%, as you said, Carolina. And then we'll just run through our normal-course process here in the third quarter, and we'll update folks later. But I'm pleased that we pulled that forward given the environment that we're in. I think that's very consistent with our effort to be transparent and on top of these things. But more work to do, normal course here in the third.

Scott, I think we're pretty pleased, by and large, with Healthcare's performance, just given the mix of dynamics there, right, both from a top line perspective. We had -- if you just look at orders, for example, we have positive orders in HCS despite all of the downdrafts, largely a function of the COVID products giving us that backfill. Clearly, PDx was way down. But the team did a really nice job with that volume mix pressure to really respond quickly. A little easier in a shorter-cycle business like Healthcare to take the cost actions that we did that allowed us to hold the op margins flat. And we had decent cash performance there. 
I think as we get into the second half and really, as we think about the recovery from here, despite the pressures at Aviation, folks are going to need to remember that we've got a good Healthcare business that's going to get better, both in terms of the macro environment and our operation and management of it as well as the turnarounds that are underway in both Power and Renewables. So that's really a large part of the self-help story, in addition to what we've talked about, in addition to what's happening and the way we're managing at Aviation.

Yes. I would say, Chris, with where we are today, particularly on the heels of the BioPharma transaction with $41 billion of cash and I think with lots within our control operationally to improve performance from here, we're not spending a lot of time on additional asset sales, right? I think we know we've got to bring these leverage numbers down. We've remained committed to our financial policy in that regard. No change. It's just going to take us a little while longer, both on the Industrial side and to a lesser degree, on the capital side. But we're going to move forward with this portfolio with the aim of creating as much value as we can over time.

Well, as I mentioned earlier, I mean, we just think that there are going to be opportunities amidst the pressure of the moment, really across the portfolio to smartly create new programming and products. You see that particularly in Healthcare right now, given the way the team has responded around not only the ventilator and patient monitor opportunity. But the way, frankly, we've been able to deploy some of the digital products in a more meaningful way than we might have otherwise despite all the time and money that we have put into the digital health care effort. 
So Carolina, I think you covered it. It's really about sequential improvement from here. Again, the environment remains challenging. But with respect to those things that are within our control, we think Healthcare is well positioned to lead. The turnarounds in Power and Renewables continue, and we're expecting a multiyear recovery in Aviation.

Yes. Josh, I'm not sure we really have a working definition of normal, if you will, right? If we went back and we looked at the way this has played out for us over time, right, whether it be 9/11, the crisis or -- I mean, every time that we've seen these sorts of pressures, the dynamics have been different every time out. So I think the best that we can share today is that as the airlines are working through what this means, not only in terms of their fleet plans and their cash -- their own cash preservation efforts, their maintenance programs going forward, we'll continue to be under some pressure in services. I just don't think there's any -- really any 2 ways about it. So despite the improvement in departures and that sequential uplift. I think we're mindful that this is going to continue to be challenging for us in 2020, and that won't be the end of it.