Steve, thanks, and good morning, everyone. Overall, we delivered a strong second quarter and first half performance, and we're encouraged by the early signs of the recovery. Looking at the numbers on Slide 2. Recall that the second quarter of 2020 was challenging as we navigated the full negative effects of the pandemic. While we recognize that many are still facing continued challenges with new COVID spikes and variants, we're seeing our businesses return to growth this quarter. Orders were up 30% organically with growth across all segments. In services, we're up 50%. Industrial revenue grew in 3 of our 4 segments. We saw strength in Healthcare and in services overall. 
In Healthcare and Renewables in total as well as in Power Services, revenue was back to levels similar or better to 2019. Notably, Aviation and Commercial Services were up substantially as we're beginning to benefit from the market recovery. Our adjusted Industrial margin expanded 1,000 basis points organically, with year-over-year expansion across all segments and sequential expansion in all segments except Aviation where we took a noncash charge largely related to one customer contract. We expect Aviation margins to expand for the rest of '21. Carolina will cover this in more detail later.  
Adjusted EPS was up significantly with all segments contributing. Industrial free cash flow was up $2 billion, ex discontinued factoring programs, primarily driven by improved earnings and working capital. We're encouraged by our second quarter cash performance. And we're raising our full year Industrial free cash flow outlook to $3.5 billion to $5 billion while our outlook for organic revenue growth, margin expansion and adjusted EPS remains unchanged.  
I'll take a moment here to speak to the dynamics at Aviation. Market fundamentals are improving. There was a sizable uptick in departures this quarter, with even greater momentum in June and July. Unsurprisingly, departure trends continue to vary by region. North America continues to improve, with Canada now picking up the pace. Europe has accelerated with departures now 40% below '19 levels. China dipped down to 6% below '19 levels due to increased COVID cases and government restrictions, while Asia Pacific ex China has been more tepid due to border closures and the spreading COVID variant. Importantly though, about 2/3 of our CFM departures are concentrated in regions with improved trends. We're seeing a stronger recovery in narrowbody fleets versus widebodies, and freight continues to outperform passenger traffic. While green time utilization continues to impact us, we expect this to lessen in the second half.  
Shop visit volume and scope improved slightly sequentially. We anticipate continuing sequential volume growth and scope expansion through the year. Looking ahead, we're still expecting '21 departures to be up about 20% year-over-year and down 30% versus 2019, with customer behavior driving departure and shop visit trends.  
I'm confident in our path to recovery in Aviation. We're using lean to improve our operations and our cost structure. And no business is better positioned than GE Aviation to support our customers through the upcycle, with the largest and youngest engine platform, with more than 37,000 commercial engines and more than 60% of our fleet not yet having a second shop visit, our platform will generate value for decades to come.  
Overall, we're building momentum across GE, evidenced by the significant margin expansion and positive free cash flow this quarter. And importantly, we continue to believe the improvements underway are built on stronger fundamentals and, thus, are sustainable.  
Turning to Slide 3. We're making tremendous progress in our journey to become a more focused, simpler, stronger high-tech industrial. This quarter, the GECAS and AerCap combination achieved some key milestones: AerCap shareholders approved the transaction; the U.S. Department of Justice concluded its review; and yesterday, the European Commission cleared the transaction. We expect to close by year-end. Broadly speaking, this combination serves as a significant catalyst, enabling us to focus more time, talent and capital on our 4 core Industrial franchises: Aviation, Healthcare, Renewables and Power. It also allows us to accelerate our deleveraging plan. With our actions post closing, our gross debt reduction will be more than $70 billion since the end of 2018.  
At the same time, we've been strengthening our operational foundation. This starts, of course, with the team. We've implemented new learning and development programs, such as leadership and action in our business and frontline leadership courses to equip GE leaders at all levels to drive our lean transformation. This quarter, we also made some leadership changes that complement our existing bench of GE talent. First is the retirement of Kieran Murphy, who will be stepping down as President and CEO of GE Healthcare at the end of the year. Over his high-impact 30-plus year career, Kieran has embodied candor and transparency and consistently delivered for our customers. I'm excited to welcome Pete Arduini, who will join us from Integra LifeSciences, where he served as CEO for almost a decade. Earlier in his career, Pete, in fact, worked at GE Healthcare for nearly 15 years. Pete's proven track record of driving growth across complex businesses, combined with his respected leadership style, makes him well suited to lead the important work at GE Healthcare.  
Second is the retirement of Offshore Wind CEO, John Lavelle, after a 40-year career with GE. John has positioned the business for success, leading the GE team that will help install the first large-scale U.S. offshore wind farm. We're excited to appoint Jan Kjaersgaard as the new CEO. With Jan's prior industry experience, he's well prepared to lead our offshore business to $3 billion in revenue by 2024.  
We also promoted Scott Strazik from Gas Power CEO to CEO of all of GE Power. Scott and his team, which now includes Valérie Marjollet, who was recently appointed as Steam Power CEO, will continue to run Power as 4 discrete business units, managing from the bottom up.  
Our GE team has been at the heart of driving our transformation forward, building momentum through lean and embracing a more decentralized business model. This quarter, it was good. It was really good to spend more time with our teams where I saw and heard countless Kaizen examples, and more broadly, how lean is being used to improve safety, quality, delivery and cost across GE.  
One example that stood out was from Offshore Wind where we have a global presence across 35 countries. In the first half of '21, through good lean problem-solving and daily management, we realized about $150 million of year-over-year savings in sourcing and logistics as well as through better execution on installation and commissioning cycle times.  
Now decentralization goes hand in hand with lean. This means managing not only the 4 Industrial segments we report with the nearly 30 business units under them. In our operating reviews, I continue to see how our teams are managing our operating P&Ls at a more granular level. We're having more meaningful operating reviews and, in turn, driving actions across high-impact and high-priority opportunities.  
The stronger foundation is enabling us to play more offense. The first priority, of course, is organic growth. We're improving our team's abilities to market, sell and service the products we have today. There are many recent wins across GE, but let me highlight two. At Aviation, CFM secured a new agreement with IndiGo to provide 620 of our fuel-efficient LEAP-1A engines with a multiyear service contract. This is one of the largest deals in CFM's history. In Renewables, we finalized the contracts for the world's largest offshore wind farm, Dogger Bank. In the third installment, we'll supply 87 Haliade-X turbines, the most powerful offshore wind turbine built today. 
We're also bolstering our offerings with new product introductions and future tech innovation to serve our customers and lead our industries into the future. In Healthcare, for example, we launched Xeleris V, an AI-enabled virtual radiology solution that provides simplified workflows, better data access and more time with patients. At Power, we're supporting Australia's energy transition with plans to supply a 9F.05 gas turbine capable of operating with a blend of hydrogen and natural gas at the Tallawarra B Power Station. This adds to our experience on more than 75 gas turbines worldwide using hydrogen and associated fuels for power generation.  
From time to time, we'll augment our organic efforts with inorganic investments. Take Zionexa, a recent Healthcare acquisition, whose molecular imaging agent aims to provide more targeted treatment for metastatic breast cancer patients. Zionexa further demonstrates our commitment to precision health, enabling more personalized diagnosis, improved treatment and decision-making and ultimately, better clinical outcomes.  
All in all, our transformation is accelerating. We're fortifying our competitive positions globally and unlocking further upside potential and profitable growth and cash generation. With that, Carolina will provide further insights on the quarter.

Carolina, thanks. We turn to Slide 9. I'm incredibly proud of the GE team performance in the second quarter. As you've seen, orders and revenue returned to growth, operating margin expanded across all segments and we generated positive free cash flow. Importantly, Aviation is showing the early signs of a recovery. And we're clearly building momentum across our businesses. 
Combined, this gives us the conviction to raise our free cash flow outlook to $3.5 billion to $5 billion for the full year. So I hope you see what I see, a transformation that is accelerating. GE is becoming a more focused, simpler, stronger, high-tech industrial. And our efforts and impact extend beyond GE. We've always felt a heightened sense of responsibility when it comes to creating a more sustainable future. We recently released our annual sustainability report this month, which shares how we're tackling the world's biggest challenges through innovative solutions, developing the future of flight, advancing precision health and leading the energy transition. For example, the CFM RISE program that we've announced with Safran demonstrates our shared vision for the future of flight as we target reducing fuel consumption and carbon emissions by more than 20% versus today's most efficient engines. 
So as we rise to the challenge of building a world that works, serving customers in vital global markets, we'll stay focused on profitable growth and cash generation, which I'm confident will lead to high single-digit free cash flow margins over the next few years. Steve, with that, let's go to questions.

Yes. Joe, just to add to what Carolina said. With respect to green time, and that clearly is one of the variables, not the only one that sits between the departure trends and what we see with respect to shop visit activity, right? So I think our view is that we will continue to see strong year-over-year shop visit numbers. I think we'll see a gradual continuation of the improvement sequentially as well. That suggests a number of these impediments like green time fade with time, but they don't disappear, I think, as we work through the second half. So sequentially, we think we're going to see a continued gradual improvement. We think we will, as Carolina just said, see some slight improvement with respect to scope. All good. We're obviously watching some other variables here like the Delta variant. But at this point, I think we're optimistic about the second half performance in Aviation Services.

Well, keep in mind, when we talk about -- well, we used the word spares in a couple of different context. But primarily, spare engines are really a function of fleet planning. And given where folks are at this point, both in terms of activity and cash conservation, I think, in part, that's why you see the spares recovery perhaps being a bit more muted than the strong bounce back we're seeing in shop visits. 
Andrew, we talked about green time earlier. I'd say USM is another one of those variables that sits between a direct one-for-one transfer from departures to our activity. That said, I think that we haven't seen much by way of USM to date. I think as we play forward through the second half of this year and into next year, I think we're anticipating that, that will be a growing but still a modest headwind for us. So we maybe trade out a little less green time for a little bit more USM. But keep in mind as well, USM doesn't happen to GE Aviation. We're an active consumer, user of USM as well. So it will help us in some respects, lower our costs with respect to the delivered services we provide our airline customers. So a number of dynamics there, but certainly one that we have an eye on as well as we think about the back half, but maybe more importantly, '22.

Steve, on the CMRs, it was a narrowbody-oriented contract that we trued up in the quarter. With respect to the second part of that question regarding Safran, we'll leave their reports to them. I think they'll report later in the week.

Deane, I think if you look at what we have been wrestling with resin, semiconductors like so many and other commodities on a spot basis, I think the vast majority of the effects are basically in our backlog today now past due to customers, right? So I don't think we're going to try to frame that size-wise. But it did have, I would say, a modest impact on our revenues and our cash this quarter. And we really want to make sure that we're doing all we can, both with the vendor base and, frankly, with our own processes, too. 
To clear that, we don't like the foregone revenue. More importantly, we're late with the customer in a number of instances. I think as we look at business that we might have lost, I'm not sure we can really pinpoint particular orders that went elsewhere because our lead times have been pushed, again, because I don't think this is an isolated GE dynamic. But we're working hard to make sure that, that doesn't happen to the extent we can avoid it in the second half. So it's a day-to-day battle. It's tactical far more than it is strategic on balance. But the teams are hard at it as you can imagine on a daily basis.

Markus, I think you've got a pretty good handle on what we're seeing in gas services, right? We've got 2 quarters here in a row now that have been positive. Clearly, the comps a year ago that we're working against are fairly easy. But if you go back to '19, we're up against '19 levels for a number of the reasons that you highlighted. We do know the second half, given the way COVID played out last year, will present some tougher comps. But I think we're encouraged by both what we saw with CSAs and the transactional activity. As we look to the second half, I think we're in all likelihood going to do better than that low single-digit revenue guide that we talked about for services. 
Now that will be more a first half result than it will be the second half. But we do see, I think, higher outages with the contractual business. I think the teams on the transactional side are doing a better job day in, day out. We had a higher backlog coming into the year. I like the execution improvements that we're seeing largely by way of lean. And in turn, I think as we put more emphasis on the top, you're also seeing that flow through to the bottom, which is part of the reason we're seeing the strong margin improvements in Gas and in Power broadly not only year-over-year, but again, with respect to the comparison versus 2019 where, for the segment, I think the margins are up now over 600 basis points versus the second quarter of 2019. So we know that this is never going to be a high-growth business for us, but certainly, it's a business we can run better and can be a stable business for us. And I think you see that shaping up here in '21. Carolina?