Steve, thank you, and good morning, everyone. We're building broad-based momentum, and GE delivered solid third quarter results with Aerospace leading the way. 
Within GE Vernova, Power remains on track to grow this year, and we took significant actions this quarter to reset renewable energy for future profitability. And external catalysts, like the recent U.S. climate legislation and the European energy crisis, are increasing investment in new decarbonization technologies, helping position this business for longer-term profitable growth. 
Our planned spins are on track with GE Healthcare ready to launch in January and GE Vernova in early 2024. GE Healthcare is in the home stretch now. I'm particularly proud of what they've accomplished: Navigating COVID, bringing in a new CEO and CFO and now preparing to operate as an independent global leader in precision health. Pete Arduini is with us today to give you a full update. 
Now a moment on GE Aerospace. I'm really excited to be leading this exceptional franchise, especially during this unprecedented industry ramp. We have a tremendously talented team, a highly differentiated product and technology portfolio and leading positions in attractive commercial and military sectors. And we have leaders that nicely balance unparalleled experience and fresh perspective as nearly half are new to their roles in the last year. Our high-caliber team includes Russell Stokes leading our Commercial Engine business; Amy Gowder, who runs our Military business; and Rahul Ghai, who recently joined as CFO. 
In that same vein, I'd like to recognize Shane Wright, who's retiring after 34 years of service. His many contributions across GE and GE Aerospace have been invaluable and helped build a world-class business and team. Shane, thank you. 
The opportunity and the imperative to embrace Lean more deeply, both within our 4 walls and with our partners, suppliers and customers, has really stood out to me over the last several months. We've been taking a harder look at our operating rhythms, moving toward a more frequent weekly and monthly cadence for each of our P&Ls. This has helped us manage the business in real time and deliver better, faster and more efficiently in what is clearly a dynamic environment. 
The process capability improvements are real. Taking last quarter's example, the additional 20% of existing engineers that we reprioritized to support delivery. Through daily management, they're helping solve problems closer to the point of impact faster, and that's improving engine deliveries. 
Engine output was up double digits sequentially, with LEAP units up over 50% sequentially, a credit to the entire team, especially those in our supply chain organization. However, the post pandemic recovery requires continued sequential improvements for the foreseeable future, which our Lean efforts will help us deliver. 
We have a similar story in services, where internal shop visits grew 10% sequentially and more than 30% year-over-year. Lean helps us reduce cycle time, improve turnaround time and generate capacity for more. In addition to strengthening our operating rhythms to meet this extraordinary industry demand, we updated our strategic plan last month with an eye toward how we continue to shape the future of flight for years to come. 
The quality of our technology and product roads, coupled with the energy and collaboration in the room, have me even more excited about what this business will become when it's a stand-alone aerospace leader. First things first, of course, with respect to the post-COVID ramp. But this is a business with an exceptional future. 
Turning to total company results on Slide 3. Orders declined 7%, driven by a tough comp at Renewables against prior year megadeals in onshore wind. Excluding Renewables, orders were up 8% and positive across all segments. Revenue was up 7% with particular strength in services, up 20%. 
Looking at the segments. Aerospace and Healthcare were both up double digits as the market recovery continued and our pricing and delivery actions took hold. This was offset by Power down mid-single digits and Renewables down 10%, largely due to lower U.S. volumes resulting from the PTC lapse and our heightened new business selectivity. 
Collectively, supply chain and macro pressures adversely affected revenue by about 4 percentage points in the quarter, easing slightly again. Adjusted operating margin declined 190 basis points. Strength at Aerospace from volume and price was more than offset by Renewables, which included about $500 million of higher warranty and related reserves tied to fleet performance, which we'll address shortly. Excluding this impact, margin expanded by 80 basis points. Healthcare improved sequentially and Power decline year-over-year due largely to planned service outage seasonality. 
Adjusted EPS was down. Excluding the $0.40 Renewables reserve, EPS was $0.75. Free cash flow was $1.2 billion, largely driven by strong adjusted earnings. We've continued to build inventory as we prepare for the fourth quarter ramp and continue to work through ongoing supply chain challenges. All in all, I'm pleased with how the GE team has continued to navigate a tough operating environment. 
And for the year, we're maintaining our prior outlook for revenue, trending toward the low end of our high single-digit growth range. We now expect 125 to 150 basis points of operating margin expansion and $2.40 to $2.80 for EPS. This is primarily driven by the higher warranty and related reserves at Renewables this quarter. And aligned with the color we shared in the second quarter, we're expecting free cash flow this year of about $4.5 billion. 
Turning to GE Vernova. Power is a stable cash generator, as gas utilization grows, our ongoing focus on services at Steam take root, the continued turnaround progress at power conversion and innovation at nuclear. 
Now more on Renewables, where we've all been disappointed with our year-to-date performance. Our proven leadership, with Scott Strazik and his team at the helm, is leveraging the lessons from their power playbook to transform Renewables' fundamentals. Let me break down how we're going to improve performance there. Recall, we look at this in 3 parts: Onshore wind, offshore wind and grid. I'll take those in reverse order. 
Grid is a $3 billion business which will be the first to profitability. Market demand in automation and hardware remains strong. This year, we expect double-digit orders growth, and thanks to our cost efforts, significant margin expansion; along with profitability here in the fourth quarter, setting up 2023 as a profitable year for grid. 
At offshore, we're transitioning from a new product investment into a business with roughly $1 billion of revenue, and growing. The roughly 80 turbines we installed and commissioned for EDF recently were on schedule. And we're now shifting to the 7-gigawatt Haliade-X backlog, knowing our initial 200 deliveries will be challenging financially in an inflationary environment. But as we move to the next tranche of projects and reduce cost, we expect to approach profitability in offshore in the mid-20s. 
Finally, onshore is a $9 billion revenue business, more than 60% of the segment today and most of the operating loss. This is the battleground. Overall, for Renewables, we expect to achieve profitability in 2024. 
We've quickly innovated in the fast-growing onshore wind industry, introducing larger turbines to provide leading performance and competitive project economics for customers. Since 2017, we've added over 40 gigawatt to the grid, increasing megawatt hours per turbine significantly. However, like much of the industry, such rapid innovation strains manufacturing and the broader supply chain. It takes time to stabilize production and quality on these new products, which in turn pressures fleet availability. We need to industrialize faster to counteract these dynamics, and we are. 
First, we're drastically simplifying and standardizing too many variants into what we call workhorse products, so we and our suppliers can implement more repeatable manufacturing processes. This enhances product quality and reduces cost. In our existing fleet, we're deploying corrective measures, enhancements and monitor and repair programs to deliver high 90s availability consistently. We expect to implement the corrective measures associated with these warranty and related reserves over the next couple of years. With fleet availability as our true north, we'll continue to be a leader and deliver for our customers. 
Second, as we've talked about in the past, we're being more selective about where we play, going after fewer markets where we have the right product and service capabilities and can execute profitably, including focusing more on equipment-only projects. We're also seeing improvement in both orders and sales pricing. 
Third, we're reducing fixed costs. We're decreasing global headcount in onshore wind by about 20% and more broadly delayering at Renewable Energy. Across GE Vernova, we're expecting about $500 million of annualized savings from a $600 million restructuring program we plan to implement over the next few years. 
Reflecting on the broader market. When we spoke just 90 days ago, the prospect of significant U.S. climate legislation this year was unlikely. Recent months have been game-changing. The Inflation Reduction Act provides much-needed certainty and stability for us and our customers, especially in onshore wind. The bill's $370 billion in tax credits over the next decade aligned tightly with GE's decarbonization technologies. Additionally, the Infrastructure and Investment Jobs Act provides at least $75 billion for investment in grid, nuclear and breakthrough technologies. 
In Europe, we're seeing more urgency and pragmatism to reduce emissions and make energy more resilient. Take the new European taxonomy which reinforces the important role of gas and nuclear alongside renewables. As Europe looks to swiftly address energy security concerns, customers want to engage GE's full technology road map, including wind, gas fuel blends and grid. 
While these external catalysts won't factor into our results overnight, they improve the demand and economic profile for our businesses remarkably. To that end, we see a robust future in contrast to the current orders troughed. Altogether, we're at a significant inflection point for onshore and Renewables overall. While we expect Renewables to achieve profitability in 2024, a about a year later than planned previously, we remain very excited about GE Vernova's future. 
With that, let me hand it over to Carolina.

Pete, thank you. I share your excitement. I think we're going to have some fun. 
I'd like to close on Slide 12. GE continued to build momentum in the third quarter. Aerospace delivered a very strong quarter. Renewables is taking action to reset for profitable growth. Power remains on track for stable earnings and cash. And Healthcare, as Pete just outlined, improved performance. 
Lean and decentralization are the key enablers of this momentum, driving safety, quality, delivery and cost improvements which serve as the foundation of all we do at GE. And these improvements are sustainable. Take my 2021 kaizen week team at Lynn. 1 year later, the team has enhanced our closed-loop machining process on the T700 midframe. Now while there's always more to do, this process is delivering close to 100% first-time yields compared to about 50% previously. 
Real Lean sticks, and we're scaling it across lines, sites and businesses. And with that Lean foundation, GE continues to lead with innovation. At Aerospace, we completed testing on our second XA100 adaptive cycle engine, partnering with the U.S. Air Force. It's an innovative engine that pairs power with efficiency. 
Healthcare made further progress in the home care space, expanding its AliveCor relationship and announcing a new collaboration with AMC Health to enable remote patient monitoring. 
And Power secured an order from Kindle Energy to provide HA class power generation equipment. This will help support Louisiana's ongoing energy transition, initially fueled by natural gas, with the ability to use up to 50% hydrogen by volume. 
It's clear our businesses are creating a smarter and more efficient future of flight, driving decarbonization through the energy transition and enabling precision healthcare. And we're set to unleash their full potential through our plans to launch 3 independent investment-grade industry leaders, starting with GE Healthcare in just 2 short months. 
Steve, with that, let's go to questions.

Nigel, let me take that in order. I think what we have laid out today, what we've been working on all year, really puts us in a position for onshore wind to be profitable in 2024. That's not the end state, but it's an important waypoint for us, given recent performance, obviously. 
The charge that we're taking here, the $500 million, is geared toward resolving the fleet availability issues that we've touched on. I think that gives us ample room to tend to what we need to deal with and move forward from there. That not only helps us with fleet availability, but the other design and manufacturing improvements we referenced, in addition to the restructuring, are what really set us up to be more profitable, and -- to be flat out profitable in 2024. So next year will be another year where we'll probably have parentheses around the op profit numbers, but then we get to where we need to be in '24, and we'll move on from there. 
We really aren't expecting, in the short term, Carolina touched on this, meaningful help from the IRA. In fact, we're going to -- we've seen some business move from '22 to '23 as a result of customers taking a pause, waiting for the incentives that they will enjoy in all likelihood next year in a way that they couldn't access this year. 
But we've never had more clarity. We've never had, I think, better visibility about U.S. government support for onshore wind than we do now for the rest of the decade. But none of the operating actions that we've highlighted here are relying on that legislation. Remember, we didn't think that was going to happen when we talked to you in late July, right? That was a pleasant third quarter surprise. So everything we've been doing operationally is geared toward a lower level of volume, profitability in that context. But the Inflation Reduction Act just, I think, improves the prospects for this business for a decade meaningfully.

And Andy, I think our current intent now that we have just come out of our strat plan cycle and are heading into budgets here over the next several weeks, is to effectively do what we've, I think, done in the last several years and provide that forward-looking outlook, cash and everything else, at fourth quarter earnings in January.

Brendan, I'm sorry, could you ask the last part of that again, please?

Brendan, I don't think so whatsoever. I think that in many respects, one could argue that it has been the pursuit of scale that has led us in part to our current underperformance. We have led the last several years, as you know well, here in North America, in the U.S. It's a market where we've got a home field advantage. It tends to be one of the better geographies in the entire onshore wind space. 
And I think all you're really seeing is due -- with respect to the restructuring, the selectivity efforts and the change in our product road maps is to really make sure that we are in a position to lead through this orders trough, particularly in North America. But come out of it not only with better products, better value propositions, better cost structures, but ultimately better performance as we move forward here, both for our customers and investors. 
I don't think that anything that we're doing here does anything to undermine our competitiveness. I would argue it will enhance our competitiveness, particularly at a time when I think many customers are looking forward here when the IRA kicks in, and we're going to go quickly from a trough period to a time of scarcity, where it won't be about one-upsmanship or specsmanship, it will really be about reliability. 
We're going to lead in that fashion. We can be better than we are today. And I know that's what Scott and the rest of the onshore wind team are committed to. It may mean that we don't play in as many markets as we have historically. I think that will be a good thing because we have no intention of being all things to all people in any of our businesses. That's particularly important in onshore wind. 
I think it's part of what you've seen Scott and the team do effectively in running what we refer to as the power playbook as they've transformed that business. And that's certainly going to be an important part of the program in onshore wind, and frankly, more broadly across Renewables. But it's particularly acute given the relative size of the operating loss today in onshore.

Jeff, maybe I'll take the latter, and I'll let Carolina speak to the former. But I think you're exactly right in terms of what we're seeing in Aerospace, right? I mean, overall revenue is up 25%. The business just is facing, welcome after the COVID drought, incredible levels of demand. We know we're going to continue to see that in the fourth quarter and in '23. 
I think from an aftermarket perspective specifically, we've got a number of things that really helped us not only from a volume, but frankly, from a margin and cash performance this quarter in the aftermarket. Shop visits were up year-over-year, and sequentially, the scope within those shop visits was more robust. We saw a favorable mix with respect to our parts business as well, really, I think as we and our partners, in service to the airlines, are trying to keep the current fleet in the air as much as we possibly can. 
So a little bit of the tempering with respect to the fourth quarter margins is that we see some of that mix moving it the other way. It will still be, I think, a more than respectable second half, but we benefited a little bit in the third quarter. We'll probably give up some of that in the fourth. 
But that said, I think the operating mindset that we have is really to continue to drive shorter turnaround times, higher on-time delivery and really do all that we can to help the airlines meet what has been clearly a quite robust demand on the part of the flying public. And having been with a number of these customers recently, not only the airline leadership, but a number of others in the travel and leisure hospitality spaces, they're excited about the end of the year outlook here and going into '23. So we want to be part of the solution in that regard, and we're obviously well positioned to do just that. 
Carolina, AD&A?

Nicole, we're, again, very much on track not only with the Healthcare spin with Pete and team here early in the new year, but Vernova in early '24, just as we laid out last November. 
I think you're spot on. We aspire to have all 3 businesses be investment grade as we move forward with the plan. And that framework, that commitment, very much intact. Which is why I'm excited about both what we're doing operationally in terms of controlling the controllable, and we've touched on that a couple of times relative to our product strategy, the fleet availability effort with the charge today and obviously the restructuring. That, coupled with the legislative support that we're seeing here in the U.S.; and clearly the enhanced concerns around the energy trilemma, particularly energy security in Europe, I think, bode very well for Renewables and all of GE Vernova, right? 
We do a lot of things. And I think increasingly, as we talk to customers, particularly in this environment, our strategy, our breadth to help them navigate sustainability objectives, security, let alone affordability concerns, couldn't be more timely. So I think we feel good about those things within our control. Wish the print were otherwise. But I think it's very much an investment in the trajectory of this business, which, again, will be an investment-grade business. So very much on track.

And I think, clearly, Julian, we're feeling the other side of that in the absence of a healthy order book with the PTC lapse all the more, given some of the postponement that we've seen here of late relative to business we anticipated this year. 
But I think Caroline has got it right. We'll be in a more normal environment in terms of the order book and the attendant flows. I also think some of the product rationalization that we've hit on will help us from a working capital perspective as well, right, with the -- just the variance in the extreme customization that we've fallen to in a couple of areas. There's no way that hasn't had us carrying more inventory then we aspire to carry in this business. 
So a lot that we can do. But again, I think the template that you've seen over the last several years at Power is a pretty good road map here for what we are working on and what you'll see more clearly in the financials in that business in the next several years.

Deane, you're exactly right. We've just been through a couple of weeks with Renova, in fact, just given the breadth of the portfolio. Timely, obviously, in the wake of not only what's happened in Ukraine and in turn Europe, but also the IRA. We recently did the same with the Aerospace team. I think I referenced that in the prepared remarks. We actually ran through the Healthcare strat plan earlier in our calendar than is normal simply to make sure we have that as a front-end load to all the subsequent work that Pete and the team have done, in part, the Form 10 that just came public. 
I would say overall, from a process perspective, really quite pleased in all 3 instances as to how far we've come over the last several years, frankly, just sharpening up our strategic intentions around those critical questions. You've heard me ask a lot over the years, what game are we playing and how do we win? 
I think that as we look at the macro, Deane, we don't have a unique house view here as to how things are going to play out. I think, like others, we're concerned just around the host of issues that are out there. 
But that said, at Aerospace, we have tremendous demand. Again, the customers I speak to on a regular basis are quite bullish about their outlooks. They need us to continue to support them, and we intend to do that. I'm sure you'll hear later this week from our airframer customers and the ramps that are underway in new plane production. We want to do the same with them. So we're not unmindful of the macro at Aerospace, but we've got a lot of activity to work through, and perhaps a little bit of a secular exemption to some of the near-term economic uncertainty. 
Pete, I think, spoke well to Healthcare. But here again, post-COVID, in addition to the backlog work-down that we will pursue, I think health care modernization. Pete mentioned China, I think we're going to see the same thing here in the U.S. Europe also a priority. I think that bodes well, particularly for how we play in precision health. 
And then, again, given the support here in the U.S. around the inflation Reduction Act primarily for wind and grid, but to a degree, gas. But also this more pragmatic approach to the trilemma, I think, is going to really help both Renewables and Power as we move forward. And that's not a '23 dynamic. 
So again, I don't want to suggest that any of our businesses are insulated or immune from the broader economic context. But I do think we've got specific secular drivers in addition to so much that is within our control to work through it. And that's what we're going to do. We're going to control the controllable, stay true to the Lean agenda and put forward the best fourth quarter and the best 2023, we possibly can.

Steve, thank you. Just to close here, the team, the GE team delivered again in the third quarter, led by Aerospace, a very strong quarter. The spins are on track, starting with Healthcare in early January. As Pete mentioned, before then, we hope to see many of you at our GE Healthcare Investor Day on the 8th of December. 
And we do appreciate your time today, your interest in GE, your investment in our company. And we stand by, Steve, Carolina and the rest of the IR team, to help as you consider GE and GE Healthcare in your investment processes.