Great. Thanks, Matt. In my letter to shareholders, I spoke of our path forward. We're taking what we learned in 2017, recommitting to the fundamentals and dedicating 2018 to earning back your trust and delivering for you. 
Today is our first report card for 2018, and we see signs of progress. At a critical time, I'm extremely proud of the team's intense effort and execution focus during the first quarter. 
Adjusted EPS of $0.16 was up 14%. Industrial had a strong quarter, delivering $0.18, up 29%, with strong performances in Aviation, in Healthcare, in Renewables, in Transportation and higher cost-out in corporate. This is partly offset by lower Power, Oil & Gas and GE Capital earnings. 
Free cash flow was about what we were expecting. It was a $1.7 billion use but, importantly, a $1.1 billion improvement over the first quarter of 2017. We continue to make progress on cash. The team is intensely focused, and cash sits front and center in every conversation. We see it in our results both in the fourth quarter of last year and in the first quarter. 
Power continues to be our biggest challenge. The team is making good progress on execution, but the market is challenging. And as we've said before, this will be a multiyear fix. We are confident we'll exceed our 2018 goal of $2-billion-plus of structural cost-out. We delivered $800 million in the first quarter, which helped to increase the Industrial margin rate 60 basis points. 
We've been working for several years to resolve our WMC-related exposures. As we publicly disclosed in December of 2015, the DOJ started a FIRREA investigation. In the first quarter, we booked a related reserve for $1.5 billion for WMC. 
Last November, we announced our intention to divest $20 billion of assets over the next 1 to 2 years. We're making progress on these dispositions. Industrial Solutions will close in the second quarter and Value-Based Care in the early third quarter. In addition, we're in active discussions on multiple smaller Aviation platforms, Current & Lighting, Distributed Power and Transportation. We've got a lot to execute on, but the first quarter was a good start to executing on our 2018 plan. There's no change to our framework of $1 to $1.07 earnings per share and $6 billion to $7 billion of free cash flow. We expect earnings pressure in Power will be offset by better Aviation and better Healthcare earnings and lower corporate costs. Renewables, Transportation and Oil & Gas should be about as expected. 
And now next on orders. First quarter orders totaled $27 billion, up 10% reported, but flat organically. Equipment orders were down 1%, and service orders were up 1% organically. Jamie will give you orders details by business. The decline in equipment orders was driven by Power, which was down 40%. We saw strength across the rest of the portfolio, particularly in Renewables, Aviation and Transportation. Services orders were strong in Aviation, Healthcare and Transportation, but were mostly offset by softness in Power and Renewables. 
The majority of our markets are quite strong. Our franchises are robust, and we see a lot of opportunity for growth. So market highlights are on the right. 
With respect to Power, we came into the year expecting the overall market for new gas orders in 2018 to be 30 to 34 gigawatts. Based on what we're seeing in the market, this is trending to less than 30 gigawatts. I'll give you more details on Power in a couple of pages. 
We see broad strength in Aviation. Global revenue passenger kilometers grew 5.9% year-to-date, with strong growth both domestically and internationally. Airfreight volumes grew 7.7%. Load factors posted record highs for February. In Healthcare, we saw strength in emerging markets, with HCS orders up 7%. Bioprocess orders were up 7% as well. The U.S. and Europe markets continue to see modest growth. 
In the first quarter, we signed our first cell therapy FlexFactory order with Shanghai Cellular biopharmaceutical group. Although this is a small business for us today, cell therapy is an exciting area where we are investing for growth. Orders for cell therapy were up 78% in the first quarter. 
Our Renewables onshore business continues to see strong growth, but there's price pressure across the industry. 
Next, I'll go through revenue, margins and costs. Industrial segment revenues were $27.4 billion, up 9% reported and down 4% organic. The difference was driven mainly by the impact of the Baker Hughes acquisition. 
Aviation and Healthcare had a solid quarter, both up 6%. Power, Oil & Gas, Transportation and Renewables all had negative organic revenues, and Jamie will take you through the businesses in more detail. 
Our Industrial margins were 10.2% in the quarter, up 60 basis points. Organically, margins expanded 160 basis points. This is very solid performance given the lower revenues. Aviation margins were 340 basis points up year-over-year on cost-out and higher service revenue, offsetting the drag of 186 LEAP shipments in the quarter versus 77 last year. Transportation margins were up 520 basis points, driven by lower costs and higher mix of services. 
And reduction in our structural cost is a highlight. At the Industrial level, cost-out was $800 million. While comps will get tougher throughout the year, we expect to beat our $2 billion-plus target for cost-out. 
Power cost-out was $350 million, and we see upside to the $1 billion power cost-out target. 
Now with respect to Power, I thought it'd be helpful to give you some context on what we're seeing in the power market and the actions we're taking to drive execution. Our plan for the heavy-duty gas turbine market was built on 30 to 34 gigawatts of demand. We're seeing lower demand today driven by energy efficiency, renewables penetration and some delays in orders. Our equipment orders were down 24% in the fourth quarter and were down 40% in the first quarter. Given what we're seeing, we believe the 2018 market is trending below 30 gigawatts, and we think this is the type of market that we're going to be looking at in general for the next few years. 
So here is the plan that we're executing on. First, we continue to have leading technology, deep domain, digital solutions and broad and deep customer relationships. We continue to be viewed as a go-to provider in our industry, and we're fighting for every opportunity in the market. On the cost side, in an industry that clearly has excess capacity, we're aggressively moving to rightsize our footprint and base cost. We took out $800 million of structural cost in 2017 and an additional $350 million in the first quarter. We're on track to exceed our $1 billion target for 2018, and headcount and sites are coming down. We're maximizing the economics of our installed base. Our installed base is a valuable asset. We have 1/3 of the world's power generation. We've increased our visibility to transactional outages by more than double since last October, and that's up to 86%, which should allow us to capture more of this important market. 
We're driving out cost in addressing the quality issues we had last year. The teams introduced a new sales force compensation program specifically aimed at driving transactional services and margins. We have a new leadership team in our supply chain, and they're reinvigorating the use of Lean and Six Sigma to drive better execution. The H cycle time is down 20%. Ultimately, our goal is to cut this another 50% or more. The teams put in control of it are driving more disciplined production plans and better timing of cash in our long-term service contracts. These measures will lead to lower inventory and better cash flow over time. And we're also exiting noncore assets as we simplify the business. 
Russell has built out the leadership team. In the fourth quarter, we announced new leaders in services and supply chain. In the first quarter, we added Chuck Nugent to run our Gas Power Systems business. He has deep operational background in aviation and health care. We've made a lot of progress putting the right team in place. So we're planning for the market to continue to be challenging, but we're taking the right steps to adjust to this market and drive execution. 
In the final analysis, it's important to step back and look at our total Power portfolio. We have the leading franchise in gas turbines, a strong position in wind, cutting-edge technology, digital expertise, grid and automation capability, and a growing presence in storage, with our GE reservoir. There are short-term pressures, but GE is on the field playing out the transformation in this industry. 
And with that, I'll now turn it over to Jamie.

Okay. Thanks, Jamie. There is no change to our 2018 outlook for Industrial EPS or free cash flow. Given pressure in Power, we see EPS closer to the lower end of the range. As I said earlier, we expect earnings pressure in Power will be offset by better Aviation and Healthcare earnings and lower corporate costs. Renewables, Transportation and Oil & Gas should be about as expected. Cost-out was $800 million in the quarter, on track to be better than $2 billion. Cost-out in Power in the quarter was $350 million. Corporate was down $176 million. And we're executing on synergies in BHGE. As Jamie mentioned, GE Capital earnings will be breakeven for the total year due to our portfolio actions, and we expect the second half of the year to be better than the first half. We're targeting free cash flow of $6 billion to $7 billion. At $1 billion better than the last year's first quarter, our first quarter is on track and no change to the outlook for the year. 
I thought I'd wrap with an update on the actions we're taking to run the company better and an update on the portfolio. We're in the middle of our 3-year strategic planning process, and we've enhanced our approach this year. Much more detailed analysis on the markets, on our outlook and a very detailed 3-year financial plan for our businesses. And we'll be reporting out a summary of that to our board in the second quarter. We have our shareholder meeting next Wednesday and a board meeting on Tuesday, and we're very excited to have Tom Horton, Leslie Seidman and Larry Culp onboard. They've been attending meetings since their announcement and are getting up to speed quickly and are fully engaged. 
As I shared with you earlier, we're beginning to see some green shoots in Power on the execution front. I've talked in the past also about our new compensation system, which better aligns management with investors. Less cash, more stock compensation and 2 metrics: cash and EPS. We rolled out the new plan of the top 4,000 employees in the company, and your management team is aligned and everyone knows the definition of success. 
Last year, given the urgency and severity of our challenges, we've launched directly and with brute force into cost-cutting mode and improving our cash controls during the second half of the year. You can see the impact of this in the results of our past 2 quarters. I always had in my mind that there would be a second phase where we could be more deliberate about a new way to run the company. In that context, I asked a group of our top leaders to spend a week at Crotonville working on developing a new GE operating system. We studied the world's best business system models. We asked 6 outstanding external leaders in their industries to meet with the team to share their best practices. I'm excited about the path we're on. We're taking a new approach on how we run the company. Our business units will be the center of gravity. HQ will be substantially smaller, and we'll focus only on strategy, governance, capital allocation and talent. 
We'll continue to leverage our horizontal capability across the company. I'll personally lead the development and implementation of a new GE operating system that will be based on Lean, Six Sigma and Agile. We'll drive and measure continuous improvement, operating performance and customer experience. We're also reinstating rigorous talent management and development with a focus both on values and performance to ensure the strong differentiation and organization vitality. 
We expect this GE operating system will be applied within the Tier 1 business levels as well, and we're confident this is going to yield incremental cost savings above our current forecast while creating a simpler, leaner, high-performance company. As I said in my opening with respect to the portfolio, we're making progress on the $20 billion of dispositions we're targeting for 2018 and 2019. Industrial Solutions is on track to close in the quarter. Cash proceeds will be $1.9 billion. We announced the sale of Value-Based Care last quarter, and we expect it to close early third quarter. Cash proceeds there will be $1 billion. The divestment process on Transportation is progressing, and we expect to have more to report in the second quarter. 
Earlier this year, we laid out a framework to shrink GE Capital assets by $15 billion over the next 2 years. Assets were down in the quarter by $2 billion, including a small portfolio sale. 
Finally, and importantly, as I shared with you in January, we continue to review and evolve our thought process regarding the best structure or structures for the company. Our guiding principle is to ensure that our businesses have the right operating rigor, management alignment and the organic and inorganic flexibility to maximize their potential and their value for our customers, our employees and our investors. The board, including our 3 new directors, is heavily engaged in this process. We have done, and are continuing to do, a significant amount of work looking at the best way to achieve our objectives in pursuit of our guiding principles. Consistent with what we said earlier this year, we expect to have something more to share with you on that within the next couple of months. 
And with that, Matt, I'll turn it back over to you.

And Julian, I'd just add just a few sort of macro thoughts about how we're looking at Power right now and kind of sequentially go through the market, our market share, our cost structure, what we're doing in the service business. I think, as you've all seen, the market and our market share is lumpy by quarter, but I think we do see enough trends looking at our pipeline over 12 to 18 months that we think this is going to trend softer than the 30 to 34 by a bit. And I think the factors are well known. Part of it's renewables penetration. Part of it is also is the pricing of renewables keeps moving, and we see utility customers in a bit of a wait-and-see mode to see how that pricing evolves over the next year. And then with energy efficiency, on the consumer side of things, we're seeing more people comfortable with maybe lower surplus reserves and being able to delay some of their CapEx decisions. So our market share, again, moves around by quarter, but we had about a 50% share last year. And that ranged all over the place, about a 40-point swing in various quarters around a mean of 50%. We expect to be in that 45%, 50% basis on a rolling 4 quarters going forward. Our commercial teams, I'd say we continue to be very disciplined on our approach to the risk and return of what we're seeing in the market. And that really leads you to a lower revenue outlook and obviously lower costs planned. So we've announced the 12,000 jobs out, $350 million cost-out in the quarter. We'll exceed the 12 -- the $1 billion target for '18, and we're taking cost out at a much faster rate than the revenues are coming down, but it's still an overall pressure there. And then on service, we see a lot of chance and opportunity here to improve the service business. So our contractual business is relatively stable and more stable. Where we've really been hurt in the last 12 months has been in our transactional business. That's about 40% of the business in services, and we've taken big leadership changes there and have also put in some very specific plans around increasing our visibility and making sure we're close to customers, see outages. That's more than double right now. We got very specific sales incentive plans around driving revenue in that space and margin in that space, and then a lot of changes we can make on our cash conversion, to your point. So new supply chain leaders, managing cycle time, managing our payment terms, billing accuracy, et cetera. So -- collecting past dues. We collected about $500 million of past dues in the first 2 weeks of April. So we think there's a lot of improvement we can make in the business, but it's operating in a tough environment overall. And then the last thing I'd say at a company level is really looking at our energy portfolio in the aggregate. So obviously, the gas turbine business has certain pressures based on what's going on in the industry. Those same factors pop up in a different way in our Renewable business, in our grid and grid software business, opportunity for storage. So I think at a company level, we look at a holistic mix of what we have there.

Steve, I'd just add, on the cost side of things -- Jamie gave you a good sense of how strong the outlook is for the business segments in Aviation and Healthcare. But on the cost side of things, we just continue to see a lot of opportunity there. So, you're starting to see that in our numbers. Russell and the team working it very hard in the Power business. Lorenzo and the team getting the synergies that we need in BHGE, and we still see big opportunities in really the overhead structures of the company overall. And as I mentioned in the earlier remarks about the operating system and really a philosophical sort of shift to pushing the management structures into the businesses, we think there's still more opportunity on costs as we go forward here.

Yes, let me pick up on that. And, Steve, I'd just say a few things for context. This idea, in general, is really something that I've been experiencing and thinking about, frankly, for years. If you look back in the last 3 roles that I really had in the company, going back to going to India in 2009, I had a sense in that role, frankly, how difficult it could be to try to get things done far away from the center of the company, if you will, and how much concentration there was of decision-making in the center of the company. Then I went to the BD role and had a sense of how we're allocating capital around the company and between the units. And then in the Healthcare business, another perspective of running a business unit. So those 3 things really formed the thought in my mind that we needed to decentralize the basic management of the company and push the responsibility out to the regions, out to the businesses. So I'd say that's just sort of a background on the evolution of the thinking, if you will. And then the Crotonville exercise was quite interesting. We had half a dozen people come in, most -- many of whom were ex-GE executives that had gone on to other companies. And we went through: What are the things you kept? What made sense? What was helpful? So that was added to the thinking that we already brought to the table, and there clearly are companies that have done this well, including Danaher. So I wouldn't size this number right now, but I'd just say, we think it could be meaningful on the cost front at the GE corporate level. We think it could be meaningful in the businesses as well. And then I think the main benefit of this overall over time, though, is better accountability and really pushing the onus of execution and that sense of ownership down into the business units.

Scott, I'd add one other thing. Jamie hit the nail on the head on the costs. We'll just continue to work that item, and Russell and the team are working it very hard. I'd just underscore that the team is battling extremely hard. I'm watching this day in, day out. This is the top priority of our team here, and I'd just say the Power team, in a tough environment, is digging in hard and really giving it every effort. We've made a lot of changes to the team, so not only in terms of the most senior leadership there, but down a level. Jamie mentioned Scott. We have a new services CFO, Chuck Nugent, as I mentioned, came over to Gas Power Systems as CEO. The commercial leaders changed, supply chain leaders changed. So in many ways, watching this, it reminds me of the first year I had in Healthcare, where they're just -- you change the team. The team coalesces around the focus on cost and improving the business. And it takes time. Obviously, it took us time to get into this dynamic and it'll take us some time to work out it. But I, again, applaud the team's efforts on this.

So I'd say -- we don't give very detailed forces of that business by numbers, but let me tell you at a higher level. The -- as we said, there's really 2 key factors here. One is visibility to outages in the noncontracted installed base. And then second, obviously, is the ability to penetrate, capture and get the right margins in that business. We had an issue with visibility into the installed base. So when Scott got into that business last fall, we were seeing that we had visibility around 40%. So we just -- we're missing a significant amount of the opportunities there. And they've gone through an exhaustive method to catalog the installed base and make sure we've got good visibility there. That's trending up to close to 90%. So step one, obviously, is to know better what's going on in the market. And then the rest is shoe leather and sales coverage and making sure the teams have good value propositions, understand what to say in front of the customers, the right incentives. And we have, as I said earlier, specific sales incentives around this area of business and particularly the margin rate in this area of business. So this is a blocking-and-tackling exercise on visibility and sales execution. And we think it'll yield results, good results.

And then, Andrew, just go back to maybe the principle -- principles that we went through before. So first and foremost, strong franchises, concentrating, as we said, in Power, Aviation and Healthcare. Step one is to make sure we're running those businesses the best way we can and get the best results out of those businesses. I think we're seeing progress on that result so that we step into any thinking about the portfolio really on our front foot with the businesses performing well. I think that's where we are. But ultimately, we have to think through, and I have to think through what is the environment and conditions that will help these businesses flourish not just in 2018, but 5 years ahead, 10 years ahead, 20 years ahead. And in that regard, basically, we disclosed earlier and discussed earlier, looking at all options. Ultimately, it's a question of what's the right structure for resources, for organic and inorganic strategic flexibility, for the right level of management execution, for the right level of cost structure and things in the company overall that we referenced, and getting the right outcome for customers, for the employees and for the investors. So there's no sacred cows. We're reviewing a number of structures. We're working through this right now in great detail with the board, including our new board members. We're being deeply thoughtful about this, purposeful about this. And we'll give you an update in the next couple of months, as we said earlier. So there's a lot of work and engagement. The last thing I'd say, just importantly, if -- there are factors to consider. We see them as solvable and manageable. But I want to reiterate, we're making no changes to the 2018 capital allocation framework, no change to our financial policies. We'll honor all the commitments we have with employees and retirees and bondholders as we consider any options that we look at.

Yes, we can now.

One thing I'd just add to that, just to clarify. The $1.2 billion is the free cash flow of that grouping of assets. $5 billion to $10 billion is the cash -- range of cash proceeds we see, the actual enterprise value. And how those deals are structured would be quite higher than that. So you should not take one and divide by the other for a multiple of them. Interest level in these assets is good and the multiples are attractive.

That's right. Matt, I'd just like to finish and just say, again, thanks to the GE team. It's a great performance in the quarter by the team. Great effort, great focus. And one of the joys of my job is being able to watch you perform around the world. I had a chance to do that in the first quarter. But a reminder to the team and also to everyone else that it's a step forward in the 2018 plan, but we need to continue to execute, keep the focus there, and the only thing that matters at the end of the day, really, is delivering the full year results for 2018. And that's what we'll be focused on. So, thanks, and we'll see you at EPG.