Steve, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll begin with an overview on our performance and progress on our execution against our strategic priorities. Jamie will cover the financials in more detail, and then we'll turn to our expectations for 2020. 
Starting on Slide 2, you'll find a snapshot of our fourth quarter and full year results. Overall, the fourth quarter marked a strong close to the year as we met or exceeded our financial targets in 2019. Orders were down 3% organically in the quarter as positive growth in Aviation and Healthcare was more than offset by declines in Power and Renewables. Notably, Aviation's double-digit orders growth was driven by our newly formed Aeroderivatives JV between GE Power and Baker Hughes following deconsolidation. Excluding that JV, Aviation's orders were up 1%. For the year, total company orders closed up 1% organically. 
We ended 2019 with backlog of $405 billion, up 15% year-on-year. This comprises equipment of $79 billion, up 2%; and services of $326 billion, up 19%, representing approximately 80% of our backlog. We delivered Industrial segment organic revenue growth of 4.6% in the quarter and 5.5% for the full year with all segments posting positive growth. Our service businesses, which represent about half of our Industrial revenue in the quarter and the year, continue to be a differentiator with our customers and a key driver of profitability. 
Our adjusted Industrial profit margin expanded 410 basis points and 390 basis points organically in the quarter driven by Aviation and Power. For the year, margins expanded 60 basis points and 10 basis points organically driven by Power and Healthcare with Aviation margins closing above 20%. We generated Industrial free cash flow of $3.9 billion in the quarter and $2.3 billion for the full year. This came in ahead of our most recent outlook as Power outperformed expectations and we saw continued strength in Aviation. 
As I reflect on the year, we've come a long way since my initial visits as CEO with each of the businesses in late 2018. Aviation and Healthcare are clearly exceptional franchises, delivering profitable growth for the year with runway to go. 
In Aviation, the business was able to grow free cash flow versus prior year despite the $1.4 billion of cash headwind from the Boeing 737 MAX grounding. At Healthcare, we operate at the center of precision health. As Kieran and team outlined for many of you in December, growth has and will continue to be driven by innovative solutions and our digital capabilities, resulting in products such as the Revolution Maxima CT scanner, which we launched at RSNA. 
At Power, we're proud of our progress in stabilizing gas power, but we have more to do. In Power Portfolio, while there were puts and takes, we gained better line of sight into these businesses. For example, Power Conversion showed signs of operational improvement this year, such as better on time delivery at their facility in Brazil. 
In Renewables, our full year results were more mixed. Reflecting on each of the businesses here, in Onshore Wind and LM, earnings and cash trends improved through 2019 as we delivered on a steep ramp to meet customer demand. In Offshore Wind, we're still in investment mode as we build our global presence and prepare to launch the Haliade-X next year, the world's largest wind turbine. 
The focus in both Grid Solutions and Hydro is simply on the turnaround. We're working through complex projects, improving our underwriting framework and focusing on daily execution in both our factories and in our field service organization as well as taking cost-reduction measures. Last week, I was in Paris for operating reviews with each of these businesses. And this reinforced my conviction that we can and will improve our performance in Renewables. 
And in GE Capital, we delivered positive earnings driven by better operations, tax and gains as we continue to simplify the GE Capital portfolio. So while 2019 was Year 1 in our multiyear transformation, I'm encouraged by the evidence of momentum I see across GE. 
Stepping back from the quarter, we made substantial progress on our priorities in 2019 as outlined on Slide 3. First, on improving our financial position, we moved with speed on a number of deleveraging actions, which set us up to achieve our deleveraging targets in 2020. At Industrial, we reduced net debt by $7 billion, ending the year at a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 4.2x, down from 4.8x a year ago. We used the proceeds from our Wabtec and Baker Hughes sales to pay down debt, including a $5 billion debt tender. 
In 2020, we expect to close BioPharma for about $20 billion of net proceeds and achieve our leverage target of less than 2.5x. At Capital, we reduced debt by $7 billion, ending 2019 with a debt to equity ratio of 3.9x, down from 5.7x in 2018. We expect to close 2020 below our leverage target of less than 4x. 
We also completed approximately $12 billion of asset reductions this year, bringing our 2-year total to $27 billion, which surpasses our $25 billion target. Our deleveraging progress will allow us to focus more of our time and energy executing on our other priority, which is strengthening our businesses. 
It's no secret that Power has been our focus over the last year. And across the board, we are improving execution. In Gas Power, we're building backlog with lower risk as evidenced by 0 turnkey projects booked in the fourth quarter. We're underwriting the business financials with more conservative commercial assumptions with our 2020 equipment plan now 100% in backlog. And we're rightsizing the business for today's market through a reduction in fixed costs by 15% in the quarter and 10% in the year versus 2018. But to be clear, we're still on a multiyear journey at Gas Power to deliver a more reliable contribution to GE Industrial's overall performance. 
As I've shared with you before, even our best businesses can be stronger, including Healthcare, where we see opportunity to drive faster Healthcare Systems growth post the BioPharma sale. This year, Healthcare Systems grew revenue 1% organically, and we expect low to mid-single-digit growth going forward. We'll do this through targeted increases in R&D and prioritizing programs with the highest returns as well as better execution on our safety, quality, delivery and cost-reduction efforts. For example, during my recent visit to Buc, France, where we produce our Senographe Pristina mammography machines, I met with our teams using lean principles, such as value-stream mapping and daily management, to improve both our supply chain and our commercial performance. 
Investing in restructuring has also been an important effort in 2019, especially across Power, Renewables and corporate, as we reorient our cost structure for the future and move the center of gravity to our operating businesses. While cash and expense were lower than our original outlook this year due to a mix of timing, attrition and better execution, our expected cost savings remain on track. 
At corporate, for example, our core functional costs were down 8% in the year. This was a result of our actions to shrink costs as people, processes and accountability are moved to the segments. The team made solid progress on head count reduction with roughly 2,500 people this year, resulting in real corporate cost savings. While we're not finished with restructuring, better margins and returns will also be the result of improved underwriting discipline, stronger execution in both the factory and the field, shifting our business mix more towards services and launching accretive new products. 
This year, much of our substantial progress was in areas less visible to those of you on the outside of GE. This starts with how we run the company on a daily basis. We're in the early days of a lean transformation. Developing leaders capable of identifying and solving problems alike; establishing standard work; and embracing our values of candor, transparency and humility. Our strategic conversations are being woven throughout the year in an ongoing sequence of operations, talent and budget reviews. This type of rigor and prioritization is changing how we work. 
As I travel to our businesses, I see real momentum building, which is only partially evident in the numbers we're sharing with you today. For example, earlier this month, David Joyce and I were in Ohio at our Aviation component service center, which repairs complex parts used to service our customers' engines, witnessing lean principles firsthand. The results were impressive, a 14-day improvement in our turnaround time that will positively impact customers and our bottom line. Moreover, we were so impressed by the operators there, motivated, passionate, expert at using lean tools to improve their daily work. I'm excited to go back. 
So in summary, I'm heartened by our progress in 2019. And I do believe we enter the new year with momentum. There's still plenty of work to do, but we're changing the way we work together with a firm eye on delivering better results and ultimately a stronger culture. I just want to take a moment to thank all of those on the GE team listening for their grit, their resilience and clear sense of ownership as we've driven the change we have over the last year. I'm looking forward to more. 
And with that, I'll turn it over to Jamie.

Jamie, thanks. Before I move to our outlook, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge our CFO transition announcement since our last earnings call and recognize Jamie's significant contributions to GE during her tenure. 
She has been a trusted partner through an unprecedented period of change, including my own transition into the CEO role and your complete refresh of GE's Board, portfolio moves to make GE a more focused industrial company and foundational shifts in our culture to drive greater rigor and transparency. She has been instrumental in setting and spearheading our deleveraging plan. And she will leave GE in a place where we are set to achieve those deleveraging targets in 2020. I appreciate not only her many contributions across the organization but also her personal support and partnership. On behalf of all of us, thank you, Jamie. 
From where I sit today, I'm excited and confident in our efforts to build a stronger and more focused GE. We're planning to provide you a detailed 2020 outlook by segment on our March 4 investor call. But today, I'll share our expectations for the total company. 
So moving to Slide 10, you'll find our targets on the right-hand side. We're expecting organic growth in the low single-digit range for Industrial, organic expansion of up to 75 basis points for Industrial operating margins, $0.50 to $0.60 for adjusted EPS and a range of $2 billion to $4 billion for our Industrial free cash flow. 
There are a number of key assumptions underpinning our plan again this year. First is the lost cash and earnings from dispositions, most notably BioPharma and Baker Hughes. Our outlook assumes that the BioPharma sale closes in the first quarter and a reduction of Baker Hughes dividends, in line with the orderly sale of our remaining stake. For reference, in 2019 for the full year, BioPharma generated approximately $1.3 billion in cash and $1.5 billion in profit while Baker Hughes dividends represented approximately $350 million of cash flow. 
Second is that our plan is dependent on the 737 MAX' return to service, which we are planning for mid-2020, in line with Boeing's commentary. That said, the situation remains fluid. Looking across the segments, Renewables is the key operational focus for us in 2020 as we continue to deliver the Onshore Wind ramp, invest in offshore and turn around both Grid and Hydro. This journey to improve earnings and cash at Renewables will take time. 
We are expecting continued improvement in Power, continued strength in Healthcare and Aviation, and lower Capital earnings compared to 2019. And at each business, we are enhancing operational rigor and cost management, which includes continued restructuring while nonoperational headwinds continue to diminish. 
In summary, our results will be a byproduct of delivering on our commitments day in and day out in the environment in which we operate. Despite areas of volatility in aggregate, we have a positive trajectory in 2020. 
Moving to Slide 11, where we've outlined our priorities for the year: first, solidifying our financial position, building on the actions we took in 2019 to achieve our leverage targets; second, continuing to strengthen our businesses over the near to medium term. Critical to this will be operating differently as our lean transformation gains traction; and third, driving long-term profitable growth, which I'm confident the GE team can deliver through innovative and efficient technologies and our global network. Combined, these strengths help us build upon our valuable installed base that keeps us close to our customers, helping solve their most important problems. 
And with that, let's take your questions. Steve?

You're a class act, Andrew.

Andrew, as you know well, we have an excellent relationship with Airbus. I was with them just last week, in fact. The guide today relative to Aviation is, one, we want by design to keep it at a higher level. As you can imagine, the primary puts and takes here are really going to be in and around the timing and the assumptions with respect to MAX. But I think on balance, we have work to do with our friends at Airbus, work we're committed to. And we'll provide more of an update in March.

Andrew, your second question, if I heard it correctly, was about Power Services?

Yes. I would say we're doing a number of things. Clearly, within Gas Power, what we see is just better commercial execution in and around the way we are coordinating with our customers there, both their outage schedule and our other CSA applications. I would say on the transactional side, what you see the team doing -- or what I saw the team do through the course of the year is just better, more regular call patterns, contacts, forward planning with our customers so that we are in front of the opportunities to sell into their install base to the extent possible. 
That commercial work is really coupled with what we're doing operationally to improve lead times, to improve on time deliveries so that we not only are well positioned to deliver on time and within budget scheduled outages but that we have a better quick response capability. So I think as we look at the fourth quarter numbers, it's good to see the uptick that we did. I think if you look at the year on balance, clearly suggests there's more work to do. And I think the team is fully committed to doing that and continuing the exit momentum here through 2020.

Yes. Nigel, let me -- let us take those in reverse order. You're exactly right in terms of the strong performance. And I would argue the strong performance for the full year that we saw in Aviation despite the MAX headwinds. But as we look forward, I think we're looking at a more complex situation in and around the MAX. Clearly, priority one here is safety. I think our friends at Boeing have been crystal clear. We're going to take the FAA's lead here, and we're trying to support both Boeing and the FAA to the fullest extent possible. 
I think that if you look back before we look forward, clearly, we were building engines. We were delivering to Boeing at normal rates through 2019. We're going to see our shipment rates fall roughly half the '19 rate in '20. Clearly, it's going to be a bit of a gap here as a result relative to deliveries. And in turn, that drives some of the variability that you see in the guide. 
I think from an operating perspective, what we're really dealing with are 3 things, right? We're going to have a lower build profile, which in turn will challenge us on the cost side. We need to make sure that we are adjusting our cost structure accordingly but also taking the long view because this will be a temporary wall as Boeing has indicated. And we will be ramping presumably later in the year. So we want to make sure that, not only our teams but our supply chains are prepared to rebound. 
With the midyear return to service, we know we're going to see fewer spare engine deliveries. Folks were ramping through the back half of last year in preparation for a return to service. There'll be a bit of a wall there as well that will put a little bit of mix pressure on us, obviously. And I think we'll continue to see fewer new orders, which are a nice source of cash for us, at least until midyear. But if that midyear return of service is realized, clearly, we're going to resume deliveries. And that will be a positive from a cash perspective in terms of just the AR that will come in, clearly a bit of an offset relative to process -- or progress liquidations. 
So a number of moving pieces here. We're going to manage through this as we always do. But it's not simply the setup that we saw last year, where we're building, shipping, delivering and seeing the receivables build, many more moving pieces as we look ahead to 2020.

Deane, as you indicated at the beginning of that question, we'll get into a lot more detail on the 4th of March. I think all we really wanted to do today, quite frankly, is give everybody our best look at the fourth quarter and the quarter in the context of 2019. We thought that, given where we are in preparation for 2020, we could also share earlier this year than we did last year the broad contours of our outlook for the new year. You have that. I think that again MAX is probably the source of the greatest volatility with -- or range within that guidance. Clearly, operationally, I alluded earlier to Renewables being a priority, not that we're done at Power, but I think we've got momentum there with clear work to do at Renewables. 
But Deane, your point I think is spot on. We're encouraged to look forward here to see a low single-digit top line. With everything going on, we think we have the prospect for good margin expansion. That leads to the EPS range. But make no mistake, this team, the businesses are far more focused on sustainable cash flow generation. And that's I think what you see in part in the $2 billion to $4 billion range for next year. I think you see evidence of that in the way that we finished. 
But what you don't see in terms of the numbers, what we see in all of our interactions with the businesses, I think it's just a heightened level of discipline upfront when we're talking about new business, not only in terms of price but frankly terms, conditions, scope, everything that can go into making a new order, be it for equipment or service, positive and accretive or not. I think the daily management that we talk about applies in our factories when we're building new equipment in the field, when we are installing that same equipment in the context of projects, let alone what we do in terms of driving service quality and productivity. So when you put all that together in a long-cycle business, there are going to be different ups and downs in the course of any one quarter. But again, this team is focused on a much more sustainable, higher level of free cash performance over the long term.

Sure. Deane, the way I think about Renewables, 1 segment, but we've got, if you will, 3 different operating priorities in front of us. Our Onshore business clearly is our most mature business. In many respects, it's what drives the segment. We are investing there. But you look at the growth in Onshore Wind last year, a very healthy double-digit level, pleased with that. We need to see that convert more directly in the margins and cash. 
The investment reference I was making was really with respect to Offshore Wind, right? You've seen some big numbers here in the last 90 days relative to some experts' outlook for Offshore Wind. This is an area where we are an innovator. We think with Haliade-X, we have an opportunity to bring an exciting technology to market in 2021 that will help improve our overall performance. But in the near term, that is a -- that's an earnings and cash drag for us. 
The third bit of Renewables again really is the legacy Alstom JVs in Grid and Hydro. We had full year of the JV performance consolidated in '19. That didn't help our reported numbers. We're a little bit behind I think where we would like to be in terms of executing on that turnaround, which is why we've put that front and center here in 2020. I'll get into that in more detail if you'd like. But those are the 3 pieces. The investment call-out specifically is in and around Offshore Wind and the Haliade-X program.

Steve, I think with respect to the guidance, again in 30-some days, we're going to be in front of everybody with an update on how we're thinking about '20 and the future. So I'm not sure how I would characterize that. We can certainly speak to some of the moving pieces in and around the growth and in and around MAX again. To the earlier question, we're going to be very focused on free cash and how we step up in 2020. 
We think we can do that in Aviation, recognizing some of the dynamics at -- in and around the 737 MAX. I would also say I think we know we're going to be challenged in Renewables. And probably, we'll see them not improve their free cash performance. Probably, we'll see a step back in 2020. But we'll take you through all the details and give you the freshest, latest consolidated view when we're together in early March.

Markus, you're exactly right. I mean if we look at where we finished versus where we thought we might be back in March, Power clearly was the major driver of the outperformance. I think Jamie referenced in her prepared remarks a better-than-anticipated supply chain finance transition there. We clearly spent less in restructuring as well. And again, despite the headwind with the MAX, Aviation was able to do a little bit better. You put all that together, I think it suggests better execution more broadly. Again, I'd like to preserve some of the details as we go from '19 to '20 in -- for the March update. 
But much of what's happening in Gas Power is underway within the Power Portfolio. We've got 3 businesses there. Power Conversion is but one. Call that roughly $1 billion P&L, where they have really grabbed the organization firmly and are driving cost-out improvements, better quality, better delivery performance, smarter underwriting. In Power Conversion specifically, we saw a really nice uptick in just the as-sold margins in that business. I give Russell Stokes, who's jumped in not only looking after Power Portfolio but Power Conversion specifically as CEO, a lot of credit for the progress that they're making. I think we do think Power again will be better as a segment next year from a cash perspective but still not positive.

Yes. I think that's well said, Josh. Again, we don't want to get ahead of the folks at Boeing, who I know are out here shortly. But the first order of business here in 2020 is a safe return to service. Neither Boeing nor GE is going to dictate that schedule, the FAA will. 
So again, given the build profile, the return to service date, the deliveries thereafter, there are a lot of moving pieces here. And I think we just want to embrace that reality, share with you what we know and acknowledge that, even though we're putting out a range, we could be in a number of different places within it, depending on how this plays out over time. 
But going forward, I think we have real conviction in the LEAP engine. Clearly, Boeing is 1 of 2 major customers for that engine. And I think going forward, that should be a very healthy relationship and a very strong program for us. How that plays out '21 and into the future, we'll see. Again, we'll defer to our colleagues at Boeing, our customers at Boeing. But at this point, feel like we're very much on the right track.

Yes. But again, Josh, I just want to be clear. I think we just have a lot of respect for what's happening at Boeing today under Dave's leadership, right? Clearly, he'll put safety first. Real respect for the primacy of the FAA. Pulling the end on as they did to stop the line takes a lot of guts. I respect that. I think the focus here couldn't be clear, right, recertification, then a return to service, delivering inventory then ultimately new production. It is complicated, but I think we see a significant alignment at Boeing and certainly in partnership with us and others in the supply chain. So it is clearly an unfortunate tragedy that occurred, 2 tragedies to be specific. But I think going forward, we'll all hopefully take the lessons here and build a better, stronger industry.

You bet, Jeff. I think what we're going to do is -- and we're in the process of doing this is bringing our production levels down, mindful of what's happening at Boeing. But we're not bringing that to 0. We very much, if you will, need to keep the lines wet here as we prepare not only for the return to service but the subsequent ramp. And that's a function of how we're going to manage our own teams and, in turn, suppliers like Arconic, PCC and the rest. 
I know there was a comment on somebody's call relative to this dynamic that we were going to be building more spare engines. That is indeed not the case, just to make sure we're all on the same page. We will probably build ahead a little bit as we go through the year to be prepared for whatever ramp late this year, early next year awaits us. We want to make sure we are there in lockstep with Boeing. But we do expect our spare engine deliveries with the 1B to come down this year just as folks see this pause around the return to service schedule.

Scott, I would submit that it is very real. The team, I think, made real progress in that regard, coming down the cost curve in 2019. But a slower pace here will help us not only tend to some delinquencies that we have elsewhere -- past dues that we have elsewhere across Aviation, but I think will also allow us to drive more and better Lean principles into all of our production operations, LEAP and elsewhere. 
But I think more broadly, Scott, what we're most pleased by is, again, the clarity of the focus: safety first, recertification in concert with the FAA, a safe return to service, delivery of the inventories, and then we'll ramp at a slower, lower rate. Just having that clarity goes a long way to help us best serve Boeing and our airline customers. A little bit of a pause here helps. But just that clarity goes a long way as we think about the next couple of years and all that we can and should do with LEAP.

And yes, I think with respect to 2020, John, given all the moving pieces we've talked about a couple of times here during Q&A, I think we would probably not want to speculate on what might have been. But I think Jamie gives you a pretty good jumping-off point, right? Just taking the $2.3 billion that we printed, the $1.4 billion that was held up and then the growth that we would have seen there, was there a deduct there relative to maybe an offset in service? Very hard to tell. 
But I think if you just step back from the MAX, if you look at Aviation for 2020, again, I think that the outlook there is probably flat to up from a free cash perspective, mindful of all the moving pieces here in and around MAX. So again, a strong franchise, a number of other non-MAX-related efforts with real traction, delivering real results. We'll deal with MAX as it comes. But long term, clearly, this is going to be our strongest cash-generating business across the portfolio.

Andy, I would say that it's probably too early to point to anything in these numbers today within Healthcare that suggests Yihao in China and Everett here in the States have had positive impact yet. But in terms of everything I have seen, if you will, behind the curtain, the work they're doing to retool their teams, the commercial intensity and discipline that they're bringing, I'm really optimistic that the commercial execution that has caused us to underperform on a relative basis in '19 is on its way to being remedied, and we should see improvement as we go through the course of the year. I was with the European team just last week in France. That's a strong team as well, in many respects, a more challenging market. But we need to deliver on that, not just talk about it. 
With respect to corona -- the coronavirus, obviously we're disheartened and sorry that it's happening. It's a tragedy in its own right. Our priority is on safety, clearly, of our team really across GE. As you might imagine, our Healthcare team is really in the smack in the middle of this in Wuhan and elsewhere, servicing our equipment, certainly prioritizing new equipment deliveries, particularly to the Wuhan hospitals. We made a significant donation of patient monitors and ultrasound equipment to help the care providers there. So there's a lot going on. And fortunately, we can be part of the solution there in China, but itself, a real tragedy.