Steve, thanks, and good morning, all. Despite continued challenges in Aviation and a still difficult comparison to last year, the first quarter marked a solid start to 2021. I'm confident this sets us up well to deliver on our '21 commitments, and profitable growth for the long term.  
Looking at the first quarter numbers on Slide 2. Orders were down 8% organically, primarily driven by Aviation services and Power equipment. It was partially offset by continued strength in Healthcare and Renewables as well as growth in Power Services. We're seeing better performance in our shorter-cycle service businesses. Ex-Aviation, service orders were up 6% organically in the quarter. Our backlog stands at $833 billion and remains a strength, with approximately 80% geared towards services, where we have higher margins.  
Industrial revenue was down 10% organically. Services continued to be a main focus as they were down 14%. While services may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, especially as we've seen during the pandemic, we still expect growth in services this year.  
Ex-Aviation, Industrial revenue was up 1% organically. Adjusted Industrial margin was 5.1%, up 110 basis points organically. Notably, we saw organic expansion year-over-year, with 3 of our 4 businesses improving as our cost actions 2020 continue to take hold.  
Adjusted EPS was $0.03, with the majority of businesses improving, offsetting Aviation. Carolina will provide more color shortly.  
Industrial free cash flow was a negative $845 million. Encouragingly, this was up $1.7 billion ex-BioPharma, driven by better earnings and working capital.  
In all, we're seeing continued progress, especially on margins and cash flow, and we believe these improvements are sustainable.  
As we look to the second quarter, we expect industrial free cash flow growth of similar magnitude to what we saw this quarter.  
And despite ongoing volatility, as the world fights through the pandemic, the guidance we provided a month ago remains unchanged.  
Turning to Slide 3. There's a lot we're doing day in and day out to build momentum across GE. During the last month, we agreed to combine GECAS with AerCap, marking a significant catalyst in our journey to focus GE on its core 4 Industrial businesses: Power, Renewable Energy, Aviation, Healthcare. And each business is critical to the global markets they serve. This transaction enables us to further strengthen the company for the long term, in closing, bringing our total debt reduction to more than $70 billion over the last 3 years, while drastically simplifying GE in a number of ways, including our financial reporting.  
All the while, we've been fortifying GE's foundation, this starts first with our resilient and passionate team. They have been instrumental in driving our lean transformation forward, and I'm grateful for their service.  As we scale lean across the company, we're working to deliver safety, quality, delivery and cost improvements as well as high-quality growth.  
One recent example comes from Digital Services and Renewables. We heard from our customers that our "cycle times" and responsiveness needed improvement. A lean kaizen event revealed multiple systems and inconsistent processes in the way. Through value stream mapping, we developed standard work to decrease cycle time by 70%, enabling us to bid for and win more business. This has already led to more than $70 million of backlog growth. Opportunities like these for high-impact deployment of lean abound throughout our company.
We're coupling lean with a significant decentralization effort. This means managing, not just the 4 segments we report, but the nearly 30 businesses underneath them, where the work -- GE has done. This combination of lean and decentralization is maximizing value for our customers while increasing accountability at the business level. And even though it's still early in our journey, we're seeing tangible operational and financial results.  
For example, at a recent operating review with Power Conversion, I was thrilled to see how the team's strategy has come together, optimizing their operations through lean and redefining their market focus. This has led to double-digit order growth in the quarter and 3 consecutive quarters of organic margin expansion. 
This stronger foundation sets us up to spend more time playing offense. Our first priority is investment to drive organic growth efforts. We're improving our team's abilities to market, sell and service the products we have today. And at the same time, we're strengthening our offerings with new product introductions.  
As you may have seen recently, we've had some major wins across the portfolio. In Renewables, we were selected to supply more than 530 turbines to North Central Wind Energy Facilities in Oklahoma, marking the largest Onshore Wind project in GE's history.  
At Aviation, CFM secured LEAP engine and service agreements from Southwest Airlines and Scandinavian Airlines to power 100 MAX and 35 A320neo aircraft.  
Meanwhile, at Healthcare, we've launched new ultrasound solutions, the Vscan and Venue, the industry's first AI offering for cardiac imaging. These innovations are supporting clinicians who need fast, reliable insights at the point of care now more than ever.  
And while we're continuing to invest in technology and innovation to serve our customers and to lead our markets into the future, fortifying our competitive position globally is of paramount importance. Over time, we will look to augment our organic efforts with inorganic investments that accelerate the implementation of our strategy and create real value for customers and investors alike.  
So as we think about what we're playing for, it is the long term, building a world that works. At GE, our technology and expertise across critical markets enable us to lead along with our customers in creating a more sustainable future.  
Our Renewables and Power businesses sit at the heart of the energy transition. Our opportunities were on full display last week during Earth Week.  
In Renewables, we've held the #1 position in North America onshore wind 2 years running, and this is the fastest-growing source of new power generation capacity.  
At Gas Power, we're playing a vital complementary role in decarbonizing at scale as customers shift from coal to gas.  
And as we modernize the Power Grid with digital and automation solutions, we have an opportunity to have an even bigger impact.  
In Healthcare, we're at the forefront of the precision health revolution. We have a leading position in many imaging modalities, and we're growing our digital and AI capabilities, which will enhance the personalization of diagnostics and therapeutics.  
Take an area like cancer screening, our solutions are improving patient outcomes, helping clinicians rule out false positives and streamlining workflows for providers and payers alike.  
And as we look to the future of flight, no business is better positioned than our aviation business. In the near term, our focus is getting people back into the air safely. And as the market recovers from COVID, we're well placed with the largest and youngest engine platform, with more than 37,000 commercial engines and more than 60% of our fleet that has not yet had a second shop visit. Underscoring the value of our platform will generate for decades to come.  
As we tackle the world's most complex challenges, we're also passionate about delivering for our customers across our vast global installed base. It's our services that keep us close to our customers day in and day out and create a significant source of recurring revenue. By staying true to our purpose and our customers, we'll unlock further upside potential in growth, profit and cash generation, leading to high single-digit free cash flow margins over the next few years.  
Stepping back, we're on a positive trajectory in 2021 and beyond. We're focused on delivering on our commitments, and I'm confident that our continued efforts will build a stronger and more focused GE.  
With that, Carolina will provide further insights on the quarter.

Carolina, thanks. Let's go to Slide 9. In summary, this quarter was a solid start to 2021. Thanks to our team, we're making measurable and sustainable progress, and we're set up well to deliver on our 2021 commitments that we shared with you in March.  
Since joining GE, one of my top priorities has been instilling greater focus throughout the organization. The GECAS transaction announced last month marks an important step forward in making GE a more focused, simpler and stronger industrial company, one that's even better positioned to serve the needs of our customers and the world with leading technologies and strong service capabilities across our installed base.  
As we are building a world that works, we're also creating a more sustainable future, leading in the energy transition, driving more integrated and personalized healthcare and enabling smarter and more efficient flight.  
I hope the business examples we've shared today helped convey the real operational and cultural changes underway at GE. There are many steps, big and small, happening across our company right now that make me excited about the future. We remain focused on growth, profit and cash generation, and I'm confident in our ability to drive value for the long term.
Steve, with that, let's go to questions.

Markus, a couple of comments there. Let me just level set. I think what we're trying to do today is reiterate that what we said about a month ago or so at the GECAS announcement, with respect to our outlook for this year in terms of free cash potential, the $2.5 billion to $4.5billion, that's intact, right? So no intention to change that.  
As Carolina highlighted, we did have $800 million of factoring discontinuation pressure in the first quarter that we're not adjusting for, but we do want to flag it for you because it's akin to what we will adjust for more formally the rest of the year now that we have formally discontinued the factoring program.  
But I think that as you ask about the longer term, there's no question that we feel confident today about our potential to deliver on that high single-digit free cash flow margin in '23 or hopefully shortly thereafter, right? If -- and we're really talking about, you take the midpoint of that, call it 8% on, let's say, the '19 revenue base, somewhere in the $85 billion to $90 billion range, that gets us to a $7 billion free cash number.  
I think given the way we are running the businesses better today, at least compared to what I saw when I walked in 2.5 years ago, the opportunities I think we have clearly framed in front of us around the energy transition, around precision health around the future of flight and as you highlight, as Carolina noted, a number of headwinds will dissipate over time, be it some of the restructuring and power, be it pension. I mean what terrific news that is for us. In addition to the interest step down and the like.
So there's a lot of things that we're working on, that we're encouraged by. There are a number of things that are going to dissipate over time. And you put all that together, well, we've got plenty of work to do. So there's no declaration of victory here. I think we're just trying to underscore our continued confidence that we could deliver on those numbers over time.
Clearly, we need Aviation to come back. I think we're encouraged by a number of the signs there. The U.S., clearly coming back. China, above where they were a year ago, let alone '19, at this point. So that's encouraging. But certainly, other parts of the world, as you well know, are still fighting this horrible pandemic. That creates a little bit of the volatility that we referred to. But all in, we continue to believe the Aviation recovery is more a matter of when, not if. And again, with that 37,000-strong narrow-body fleet out there, the youngest in the industry, we think we're well positioned to serve and to deliver results for our investors as that occurs.

Julian, with respect to Aviation, you're right. The 12.8% op margin print in the quarter is good, all things considered, but organically down 200 basis points from where we were a year ago. I think the top line were a little softer than we had anticipated, primarily a function of services getting off to a slightly slower start. And frankly, we continue to be challenged. I think we mentioned this in our prepared remarks, on the military side of the house, just in terms of deliveries. So we have some past due backlog there that we needed to clear, which will be helpful as well.  
So as we go through the year, I think you'll see the cost efforts from last year play out. Clearly, the comps get easier. And as we get a better mix of business, with services coming back, we clear those issues in military -- in the military side of the business, I think you should continue to see us improve the margins from here.  
But again, we're -- we really need that overall market recovery to play out as we believe it will largely in the second half -- beginning of the second half.

Yes, let me take that at the outset. I'm not sure I would buy into your premise that we've got the visibility that you're suggesting that we do. I think the range that we have today in line, obviously, with the range that we've shared since early in the year, captures what we know and what we don't know. 
Clearly, we're waiting for Aviation to begin to snap back, that is an important swing factor for us, and I think we've been consistent talking about that. I don't think there's much of a historic whole precedent in that business given the way the pandemic is ravaging various parts of the world and, in turn, both leisure and business travel.
Clearly, we have a new administration that's doing a lot of good things, medium to long term here to help, I think, fuel our Renewables business and the growth there. But the order book, as it often is, is backloaded in Onshore and Offshore. And we -- as our customers do need to have, I think, better visibility with respect to the number of funding programs, tax policy changes and regulatory approvals, that will have real impact on orders and, in turn, down payments in that business.  
So I don't want to lay out a long list, but there are a number of moving pieces here. And given the nature of our business, as you well know, a number of orders are often large and they carry with them significant cash impacts when they happen and negative effects when they don't.  
So I think what we're going to do going forward is what we've done here in the last several years, tell you what we know, tell you what we don't. I think we're mindful that the factoring dynamic creates some noise here. But again, as we've said a couple of times, no change to the effect, $4 billion to $5 billion, as we discontinue the factoring programs. And operationally, we feel good about the $2.5 billion to $4.5 billion. If we can get to the high end of that range, great. If we can do better, we will. But it's a long-term game here, and that's the way we're going to play it out.

Sure. Deane, you're touching on a couple of different things. Let me try to take them in order. From a price cost perspective, a number of moving pieces. We're clearly seeing some price pressure not unlike what you've heard about elsewhere, [ ceramics ], resins, certain metals. But I think we've also been able to mitigate that in the first quarter to effectively awash a number of things that we do normal course from a cost management perspective, let alone going after price where we can.  
I think where we're seeing supply issues particularly are in and around where we're seeing a little bit better growth, interestingly enough, not surprisingly. Healthcare probably being #1, Renewables being the other, again, chips, resins and the like. I think right now, it's more isolated. All the nuisance would be maybe an understatement, but I think we're working through that and presumably have that captured in the guide that we're reiterating today.  
With respect to military, that's a little bit of a different challenge, right? That's not a price cost play. That's not a supply chain disruption issue given the snapback. There are a number of things that we need to do a better job of inside of our own facilities. We need help from our supply base there so that we've got a smoother, more consistent flow into and out of -- into, through and out of the -- the manufacturing processes. So we're working on that. That's not going to be something that we declare victory on here in the second quarter. But rest assured, we're spending a lot of time working those issues with our customers in mind, first and foremost.  
So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a color for what's happening operationally. These are the challenges when you get economic recovery, and we're glad to see these challenges because it suggests that better times are on the way.

Clearly, Nigel.

Well, Nigel, I would say that a number of those trends clearly are encouraging and helpful here in the very near term. I'm not sure that we're quite ready today to suggest that all of that means that we could do something along the strategic dimension with insurance. I think we will continue to manage premium. I think we'll manage claims, let alone the investment portfolio, as thoughtfully as we can as long as that run-off liability is in our hands.  
But I do think that given that the curves have more or less played out as we remodeled them a few years back, clearly, you've got the COVID effects, GE is in a very different place today, I'm optimistic that we'll continue to explore strategic options in and around insurance, and we'll see what happens. I don't want anyone to bank on that as a dead cert. But by the same token, I think what you've heard us say for some time is we're very keen to focus on our core 4 Industrial businesses. Insurance is not inside that perimeter. So if and when we have an opportunity to do something smart, creative and strategic around insurance, rest assured, we'll give that our full attention.

Well, I think the expectation, Josh, is that things will get better in terms of, not only, if you will, volume of shop visits, but scope or the value of a shop visit. That said, there are different types of shop visits, right, some of which we perform, some of which we don't. I think we've got better visibility, clearly, when we're doing all the work. I think that is playing out as we would have anticipated. You well know a number of cross currents and pressures there in the short term, is airlines' battle with COVID. 
We've got less visibility on the channel side of things. And I think we clearly see signs that over the last several quarters, a number of our partners have brought inventory levels down. That doesn't necessarily mean a scope reduction on the part of the shop visit being performed, but it does have a knock-on effect relative to the value for us in the very near term. But like any distribution or third-party-related business I've ever seen, you see those behaviors in the downturn and then you get a lift off that base. And that is part of what I think we will see. That's part of what we are assuming we will see as we see the snapback in shop visits going forward.  
But that all needs to play out. Again, a number of encouraging signs in certain markets, the U.S. and China, first amongst them. But clearly, some signs in places like India, like the rest of Asia Pac, parts of Europe, that are of concern and need to stabilize before they improve.

Andy, I would say that, credit to the team, we have really 3 quarters here running where, despite a choppy, somewhat unpredictable top line given the pandemic, they've done a heck of a job on margins and cash, right? And I just think that is a function of a lot of the lean work we've talked about. That's probably our operating segment where we have pushed decentralization the furthest to date. And I do think we're seeing some early results there. 
There's no question that they've gotten off to a good start, right? Orders, up 5%. Let's remember though, it's a bit of a Dickens' dynamic, right, 2 cities, pandemic-related products, well off where we were a year ago. But the core Imaging and Ultrasound franchises, from an orders perspective, are up over 20% year-on-year in the first quarter. So it gives you a little bit of a sense of the play there, and that's really where precision health happens. With due respect, it's not ventilators and patient monitors. They have a role to play, but it really is in and around CT, Ultrasound and the core Imaging products. 
I think as we go forward, while we're encouraged by the 270 bps, if we are getting a market snapback more than we would have anticipated and if we see that being sustainable, in addition to the operating improvements we're going to make, I think what you'll see us do, Andy, is, frankly, try to temper the margin expansion this year and look to put more money back into the business. In no way does that suggest we have not been funding those opportunities that we have wanted to, but you have to follow really the history of the last couple of years, right? We were prepping for an IPO. 
We've pulled that off. Sold BioPharma. That's a distraction. Getting back to basics. Head long into a pandemic. We're really, I think, getting into calmer water in Healthcare, which gives us an opportunity, now that I think we're proving we can deliver on margins and cash, to drive growth, put more money into it, but make sure those are good investments, be it in sales force additions, be it in digital, be it in new products, right? 
So we're not going to call that today, but don't be surprised if we continue to see good top and bottom line performance, that we call off some of the outsized margin improvements so that we're putting that back into the business and have a good '21 but also a good '22, a good '23 in a business that I think more people are going to appreciate as a real value driver for GE going forward.

Well, I -- in Renewables, Scott, if we just focus there, when we talk about selectivity, that really is about price and margins, but also about terms and conditions, which I think of as really, if you will, risk that isn't necessarily modeled, but can come back and course through and wreck the P&L if we're not careful. 
So a good bit of what you see happening in Onshore Wind, and I think increasingly in Grid, is a little less of a -- an aggressive pursuit of the top line with more of a balanced approach to go after the business where we're well positioned, where we can serve and make a little bit of money, hopefully, a little bit more money over time, but also have a less -- have a better risk profile, right, to make sure that we're in the geographies, we're in the applications where we have higher confidence. So it's not priced the way it is in Healthcare, obviously. 
But if you go through our deal review process, I think you would see that selectivity in those 2 areas in Renewables, and it's very much the same process we are driving across the organization. Now there are plenty of things that we'll do in the short-term. Price where we can, surcharges. A number of our long-term contracts across the company have inflation-based escalators in them, which helps us in environments like the one we may see play out here in the next couple of years. But we're really just, again, trying to pursue the quality business across the portfolio where we can serve the customer well and do that in a way that drives margins and cash for our investors.