Thanks, Matt. The second quarter was an important one for GE. We've described 2018 as a reset year. And in the quarter, we made significant progress on that journey. 
At an overall company level, we laid out our path to a simpler and stronger GE by announcing our broad portfolio of strategy going forward to drive shareholder value. The core of GE will consist of our Aviation, Power and Renewables businesses. We also announced our plans to move our Healthcare, BHGE and Transportation businesses out of the GE core to enable them to pursue more focused growth strategies as stand-alone companies. 
We made significant ongoing progress on our tactical priorities. We've now closed the sale of Industrial Solutions and Value-Based Care. We also announced the merger of our Transportation business with Wabtec and our sale of Distributed Power. This essentially completes the announcement or actual closing of our target of $20 billion of dispositions. We've moved on this with deliberation but with an eye for value as well.
We are materially shrinking the size of GE Capital, with planned asset reductions of $25 billion over the next 2 years. We continue to take out structural costs. We've achieved $1.1 billion in cost-out through the first 6 months, and we are on track to exceed our goal of $2 billion.
We also announced changes in our operating model that will allow us to take out an additional $500 million-plus at Corporate by 2020. The aviation market continues to be very strong. We had a strong orders quarter and a good week at the Farnborough Airshow, with $22.6 billion of wins. 
The biggest challenge we face continues to be working through the turnaround of our Power business. The market continues to be difficult, with softness in orders putting pressure on our cash flow and working capital. The team continues to focus on rightsizing footprint, reducing base costs, improving quality and maximizing the value of our installed base. This transformation is taking place in the context of a very dynamic macro environment. 
Overall, economic activity remains solid in most parts of the world. I made trips to Europe and to China and Korea in the past 6 weeks, and we continue to watch the global trade picture carefully. Our businesses see significant opportunities both in Europe and Asia, and it was also a chance for me to see the very strong GE teams winning on the ground.
In terms of business performance in the quarter, our overall results were in line with our expectations. Adjusted EPS was $0.19, with particularly strong performances in Aviation and Healthcare and a good performance in Oil & Gas.
Free cash flow was $258 million, about what we expected for the quarter. Through the first half, cash is about $1 billion better than last year. I'm pleased that we're executing well on cash, meeting or beating our plan across all businesses except Power. Given the ongoing market challenges and related volatility in Power, we anticipate free cash flow will be approximately $6 billion for the year. 
Orders were up 1% organically. Organic revenue was down 6%, and margins were down 80 basis points organically. And I'll share more details on those metrics in the next few pages.
Overall, we are executing on our framework and the plan we laid out for you in June. This plan was built around driving shareholder value by focusing the portfolio for growth, delevering and derisking the company and operating in a new decentralized manner. The team is energized by our path forward, and we've made solid progress in the first half of the year, and we'll continue to execute. 
We expect earnings and cash pressure in Power will be offset by strength in Aviation and Healthcare and lower Corporate costs. Renewables, Transportation and Oil & Gas should be about as expected. Our current roll-up for EPS is at the low end of the range we've guided to of $1 to $1.07. 
And next, on to orders. First quarter orders totaled $31 billion, up 11% reported and up 1% organically. Equipment and Services orders were both up 1% organically. We saw strength in equipment orders in Aviation, Healthcare and Transportation. Power was down 29%, and Renewables was down 34% on tougher comps. We had good service orders growth in 5 of 7 businesses, with strong spares in Aviation and repower in Renewables. Power services declined 22%. 
I'll take you through some of the market highlights on the right. As I said earlier, Power remains challenging. First half trends continue to point to a market less than 30 gigawatts in 2018, which is down from 34 gigawatts last year and 48 gigawatts in 2016. We are planning for the environment to be in this range through 2020.
In Aviation, Healthcare and Renewables, we see a lot of opportunity for growth. Aviation markets are robust. Global revenue passenger kilometers grew 6.8% year-to-date, with strong growth both domestically and internationally. Airfreight volumes grew 5.3%. Load factors continue to be strong. 
As I mentioned earlier, we had another very successful week in Farnborough. David and the team led the airshow with $22.6 billion of orders and commitments. 
In Healthcare, we saw strength in the U.S., up 6% organically, and emerging markets up 5%. Europe continues to see modest growth, up 2%.
I was with our Healthcare team in China last week, and they had another strong quarter, with orders up 10%. The market continues to be robust, and the team recently launched the Pioneer MR that helped contribute the 19% MR growth in China. 
Our renewables orders were down in the quarter, but we continue to see strong global demand for onshore wind. Our onshore backlog is up 43% year-over-year. And although pricing remains challenging, it is improving. Overall, the majority of the markets we are in are strong and growing, and we see good opportunity for growth. 
Next, I'll go through our results on revenue, margins and costs. Industrial segment revenues were $29 billion, up 4% reported and down 6% organic. The difference is due mainly to the impact of the Baker Hughes acquisition. 
Aviation saw very strong growth of 13%, and Healthcare was up 4%. As expected, Power, Oil & Gas, Transportation and Renewables had negative organic revenues. Jamie will walk through each of the businesses in more detail. 
Industrial margins were 10.4% in the second quarter, down 160 basis points. Organically, margins were down 80 basis points in the quarter but are up 40 basis points for the half on strong cost-out. 
Aviation margins were down 110 basis points on higher LEAP shipments but are up 110 basis points at the half. We expect Aviation margins will expand in the year. 
Power margins were down 500 basis points in the quarter, primarily due to lower volume and price. Structural cost reduction remains on track. We reduced costs an additional $300 million in the second quarter, bringing the total for the first half to $1.1 billion versus our full year target of $2 billion. We continue to look aggressively at all cost-out opportunities. 
We've begun implementing the actions we outlined in June to run the company with the businesses as the center of gravity. This will result in at least $500 million of incremental Corporate cost-out through 2020. 
And with that, I'll hand it over to Jamie.

Thanks, Jamie. In summary, we see continued strength in Aviation, Healthcare and Corporate costs in the second half. This will offset pressure in Power. And Renewables, Transportation and Oil & Gas should be about as expected. 
Cost-out was $1.1 billion in the first half, on track to be better than the $2 billion target. We are aggressively reviewing all cost-out opportunities for the second half. We are targeting GE Capital earnings to be breakeven for the total year due to portfolio actions. We expect the second half to be better than the first half. 
GE is on a multiyear transformational journey, and the path forward is clear. Overall, we feel good about our execution. We see strength across the majority of the portfolio. We remain focused on implementing the broad macro strategic changes we outlined in June, while making sure our micro execution in each business continues to improve across the company. 
And with that, Matt, I'll turn it back over to you.

So Scott, let me just start out saying it's clearly our top priorities, is managing through and fixing up our issues in the Power business. So we're working that intensely, a total sense of urgency. The market is challenging, but we need to work through that. It's going to be a multiyear fix, I think, with some volatility. This is not something that's going to move straight line quarter-to-quarter, but let me take it in 3 pieces really. One is just the market. Two is how we're fixing it, and then just as we look into '19 and beyond. At certain markets, so we're looking basically 50% down last 2 years. We're planning for this to stay at those levels, so we're not looking for any rebound there. On the installed base side, the industry's not going away. I think if you look at every forecast, recent forecast, Bloomberg and others, that the amount of electricity generated by gas turbines will increase. So we think there's something substantial to build around and longer term here and our strategy is to restructure the business and maximize the value. We've got 5 basic things, Scott, in the plan here in terms of addressing this. One is rightsizing the footprint and the base cost. I think the team made good progress on that. We're about $550 million, $560 million of cost-out in the first half. It'll be ahead of the target on $1 billion out. The maximizing the value of installed base, again, we've gone through that with you before, but we continue to make progress, I think, in improving our visibility, improving our commercial execution, sales incentives, pricing controls. So I think the team, we've got execution in quality and in liquidated damages and in cycle time. Selling core -- non-core assets, IS sold, DP announced, little voltage motors and changes in management. So we see a very clear plan of what we need to do there. The market continues to be a challenge. And so what we announced today, Scott, was this. We see pressure on orders. We're going to continue to have to take additional cost-out. We're going to continue to have to restructure the footprint. We can do that. We will do that, but it's going to take some time. So I don't see any change to our core strategy with the business, our core approach to what we see in the market. But I agree with your point that it's going to take more ongoing actions here, and that's what the team's focused on. And I think as we look beyond in 2019 and beyond, we're already working with an assumption of a very challenging market. So we had 107 gas turbines last year. We're about half of that this year. We're not expecting any improvement on that. We're -- we have the commercial teams intensely focusing and getting our fair share, but make sure we're disciplined on the terms of that and would just continue to grind down the footprint and the base cost. So I think big picture, the industry's not going away. The short-term cycle is severe, and we've got to manage through that, and -- but there's an asset worth maintaining and preserving and expanding the value here.

I'd just add, Scott, on that. Just as a matter of philosophy, I'm deeply committed to the philosophy that the Corporate center should be significantly smaller and really focused only on governance, on talent, on capital allocation strategy. So a radical resizing of what it's been in the past.

Yes.

And I'd just add just as a macro comment on the Aviation business overall. This continues to be an extremely strong asset. I think if you look at market conditions, they are extremely good in commercial, extremely good in freight, frankly, picking up, good in military. We have a very strong team. The team's working through the LEAP launch well. David went through that at the Farnborough show this week in terms of our delivery schedules and being on track with our delivery schedules. They're on track coming down the cost curve as well on a per unit cost. So we've got, I think, a good market, a very strong franchise. We continue to clearly outperform on the orders and with customers and a very strong team running that business with a great execution track record. So when I step back and look at our portfolio of businesses, this one remains a premium business with a very good and visible long-term outlook.

Yes, I'm not familiar with the comment, Andrew, on the Boeing MRO strategy. So that sounds off point to us, but we'll follow up with you on that one. On the transactional services business, I assume you're referring to the Power side of things, and I would just say it's a longer-cycle process. So you're dealing essentially with coverage of our installed base and coverage of outages. So our first step, obviously, has been trying to drive visibility into our installed base. That's up to about 90% right now from quite low levels. We've got about 80% of those sites with commercial processes and commercial bids being worked on. So this is something that's going unfold over the next several quarters, but I think the tactical steps upfront around visibility, commercial intensity, sales incentives, the building blocks, if you will, of something that can unfold over the next several quarters, the team feels good about what they're doing there. So it'll take some time, but it's an opportunity for us. Margin rates were up, I think, about 400 basis points on the CM line and transactional. So we've got some work we can do on pricing and product quality and things. But it will take several quarters, I think, for this to unfold.

You just stole the slide from my wrap, but...

Okay. Nicole, let me take the China tariff situation, and then Jamie can follow up on the Power thing. I think just on the -- let me give you some context really on our business in China first and then how we see this unfolding. So we import about $29 billion of goods globally into the U.S. About 10% of that comes from China. And our business in China, we do about $7 billion, a little over $7 billion of revenue in China. And the majority of that is in our Aviation and Healthcare business. If you go and look at the actual tariffs, the $50 billion that are announced and implemented and $200 billion announced but not implemented yet, I'd say we look at it sort of a gross and a net basis. So it could be $300 million to $400 million at a gross level before any mitigating factors are taken there and there's some significant mitigating factors. The first is what's called duty drawbacks, and these are basically credits for any components and things that we would import from China, and ultimately, reexport as part of the gas turbine or an MRI machine or an aircraft engine, and that's a significant amount of what we import. So we think that could mitigate half or more of what the tariff picture is there. And then, obviously, over time, we also can adjust our supply chains in response to some of these issues if that's what made sense. So I'd say we don't see a major impact yet financially. Certainly, not on our '18 guidance. But that said, we are a company that's built for fair and open trade. That's obviously subject to debate and discussion. I think that's what you're seeing right now. We're supportive of fair and open trade. We have a massively global business in every sense, both at the customers, supply chains, everything. So -- and our view right now is we hope and we expect that, ultimately, these matters reach a sensible negotiated conclusion, and we think that's really in the best interest of all parties involved. So we're watching this carefully. But I think the financial parameters to this, we've got a good handle on. And then, Jamie, do you want to comment on the Power question?

And Julian, I'd just say on the cost side of things, a couple of things here. One is the cost-out initiatives will never end. If we have headwinds in other parts of the business, as Jamie mentioned, that are eating that up, we just have to do more. So we are looking constantly and aggressively at everything on the cost side of things. So I think the sense of urgency and our knowledge of the need to execute on that is front and center. I continue to see additional opportunities, I think, in Corporate. We have also gone through with our teams this whole notion of decentralizing Corporate, pushing down, if you will, or eliminating activity at the corporate level, I expect that to also happen at the Tier 1 level in the Power business, in the Healthcare business, et cetera. So I think there's more to go there. But this is a self-help execution story for us, and cost is a huge part of that.

I'd just add on the -- with respect to the adjusted earnings topic in general, that's something I've asked Jamie and now Todd as he's coming in here to look at. I understand your point, and I would say expect an update on that later this year.

Great. Thanks a lot, Matt. And as Steve's noted earlier, I do want to thank you really for just the tremendous job in this role. You've led us through a lot of change and movement in the company and have always been responsive and service oriented to our investors and analysts. So thank you for an incredible effort and performance there, and we welcome Todd Ernst as well. So Todd, the baton is passed to you. We have every expectation you'll build on Matt's great work.
So I'd just finish really by saying this is really the 1-year anniversary, if you will, for me. And as I reflect back, there really much progress has been made at the company. If I look back, I see, obviously, we've spent a lot of time working on a very clear strategic direction, positioning the portfolio so that the businesses can thrive, delevering the company, decentralizing the management approach. So strong progress on the strategic direction of the business; good, ongoing progress on our tactical execution items; the $20 billion of dispositions; cost-out. The team continues to just execute on the day-to-day things we need to advance things. And a lot of change. Change at the top of the company in terms of the leadership team, changes in our board, changes in the culture of the company. So a lot has happened in 12 months. As we stand today, I'd just say we look forward and say that the path is clear. This is really a pivot point for us that this is an execution story going forward. We know what we need to do. We know where we want to go. We know what our strengths are and they're significant, and we know what our issues are and some of those are significant. So we're focused on execution going forward. And I'd say the team is clear where we're headed. They know what they need to do. They know where they can contribute. They're excited about the path trodden in different pieces of the company. Up here, they have different roles to play. But there's a confidence in the future, and I'm personally certain we're on the right path. So as we said, it's a multiyear journey, but I'm highly confident in the direction we're on, and it's up to our team to execute. And I'm confident in our ability to do that.
So that's it, and Matt, thanks again for a great performance.