Steve, thanks, and good morning, everyone.  
I'd like to start by addressing the devastating war in Ukraine. The GE team stands proudly with the people of Ukraine. As we shared last month, we have suspended our operations in Russia with the exception of some essential activities, primarily in health care. We've also made a multimillion dollar contribution through philanthropic commitments and medical equipment to assist those who have been directly impacted by the events. I'm inspired by the more than 50 GE employees in the surrounding regions who have opened the doors of their homes to Ukrainian refugees and have volunteered their time to help with other refugee efforts.  
Now let me turn to our results, starting on Slide 2. I'm proud of how our team drove improved services, orders and cash as we managed through increasing challenges in the first quarter. Orders were up 13% organically, with strength in both services and equipment and we saw double-digit growth in Aviation and Power. Revenue was up slightly, driven by growth in higher-margin services in all segments. We saw continued momentum at Aviation with revenue up double digits. This however was largely offset by supply chain constraints in all segments, especially Healthcare and Aviation, U.S. policy uncertainty driving lower Onshore Wind North American deliveries at Renewables this quarter and continued selectivity at Power.  
In particular, selectivity, being more disciplined about what we sign up for, taking a closer look at the margins we underwrite and not competing everywhere, continues to be a critical element of our strategy at Power and Renewables. We're focusing on business that's aligned with our long-term growth and profit objectives. 
As you've been hearing from many other companies, we're operating in a challenging macro environment. Collectively, supply chain issues, the Russia-Ukraine war and China COVID impacts adversely affected revenue in the quarter by about 6 percentage points. I'll provide more detail shortly on these factors, and more importantly, the actions we're taking to mitigate them.  
Adjusted operating margin expanded 110 basis points, driven by higher services mix and continued cost out. Both Aviation and Power margin improved substantially, while Healthcare and Renewables were meaningfully pressured due to both inflation and supply chain shortages. Strong services growth and margin expansion led to an adjusted EPS of $0.24, up 85% year-on-year. Free cash flow was roughly negative $900 million, as expected, given our seasonality. This was driven by receivables and inventory build for the second half and supply chain constraints. Importantly though, this was a $1.7 billion improvement, excluding discontinued factoring. Overall, services are recovering across our portfolio. Our total orders are strong and our cash generation continues to improve.  
Turning to Slide 3. At our Investor Day in March, we discussed some of the key risk factors that drove the range in our outlook. Since then, we're experiencing increased pressure from inflation, renewable energy and the Russia-Ukraine war. We're also watching 2 evolving areas, namely additional supply chain pressure and recent COVID impacts in China. 
We're holding the outlook range we shared in January and working through these pressures I just outlined. But given the fluidity around the duration and magnitude of these factors, we're trending toward the low end of that range. 
Carolina will run through the dynamics by business shortly, but let me spend a moment on Renewables. As Scott Strazik shared last month, our financial results here have been unacceptable, but they are fixable. First, continued U.S. policy uncertainty, along with higher prices, has reduced near-term demand in our profitable North America Onshore Wind business. Second, inflationary pressures are impacting GE with higher material and logistics costs. Third, proven and new leadership with Scott and Philippe Piron is transforming the business fundamentals, largely using their gas power and Power Conversion playbooks in their new roles.  
This all starts, of course, with what's in our control. We need to run the business better, and that's something we know how to do. We're using lean to improve safety and quality and product cost. We're taking an even harder look at our cost structure to size the business for the new realities. We're now managing the business in a more decentralized manner, closer to our customers as well as improving our own execution. We're being more selective on deals internationally, with our price and market focus on defined geographies where we've identified product fit, services opportunities and an ability to execute. This is already yielding improved order pricing, which was up high single digits in the quarter in our onshore international business.  
These actions won't materialize in our results right away, but we do expect renewable energy to return to being a profitable growth business over time. And rest assured, this is a business that's critical to the energy transition, thus one positioned for long-term growth.  
More broadly, in all of our businesses, we're driving growth, price and cost out. We're growing our more profitable services businesses, reconfiguring our supply chains and leading with innovation while increasing R&D spend. We're also raising list prices and price floors. And in services, we're utilizing escalation clauses in our agreements. And we're focused on sourcing and productivity to reduce cost. Power, for example, continues to deliver profit and cash, supported by price escalation in our CSAs and improving Steam business, a disciplined underwriting strategy and operational improvements despite the fulfillment challenges.  
And we're embedding lean deeply across GE, changing the way we work for the better. You've heard me talked about the core principles of lean before, which is all about serving the customer, eliminating waste and prioritizing ruthlessly.  
Earlier, I mentioned 6 points of pent-up revenue. We need to work through to execute on the demand we're seeing, especially in Aviation and Healthcare. Let me give you a few quick examples of what we're doing to manage through the well-documented supply chain challenges out there. We hosted our Investor Day at Gemba, showing up close how lean is transforming the company. Many of you saw at our aviation facility in Greenville how our team performs complex machining operations and detailed inspections on high-pressure turbine blades. Here, we're focused on reducing the site's blade delivery lead time. The team has used lean to improve the plant layout and create standard lines, improving part flow. These actions have reduced lead time by more than 10 days, and we're targeting an additional 10-day decrease. Through this work, overall inventory has been reduced as well.  
Our Military business is also making progress. For the T700 program, we've improved first-time yield in key lines by about 40% and shipments increased more than 35% sequentially. This supported high single-digit revenue growth at Military in the quarter, with more improvement to come as we apply these learnings to other engine programs.  
In Healthcare, our ultrasound team shifted part of their work cadence from make to stock to make to order. This has simplified planning and execution, optimized infrastructure cost and reduced lead time by 30%. Importantly, the team has also increased inventory turns by 50% since 2019, removing the Muda or the waste in the system. And while lean is always important, it's during these dynamic times that lean really contributes and differentiates us in the eyes of our customers.  
In turn, as we make these kinds of continuous operational improvements, we better serve our customers and set ourselves up to reinvest for growth, driving innovation across GE, where we have significant impact with our customers.  
Just looking at what we market, sell and service today. At Renewables, we completed the Traverse Wind Energy Center with Invenergy recently. This is the largest wind farm constructed in North America in a single phase, and it's powered by more than 350 of GE's 2-megawatt platform turbines.  
At Aviation, we're developing technologies for the future. We've recently reached 2 key engine milestones. Our adaptive cycle XA100, with the second engine to test fired up in March, and our first T901 engine tested successfully in March as well, achieving max power, with performance matching our pretest predictions. 
We're also introducing new products, like Healthcare's Edison Digital Health Platform. Powered by AI, this platform will aggregate data from multiple sources and vendors to help reduce staff burdens and improve the delivery of care.  
And at the same time, we'll continue to complement these organic investments with inorganic activity to improve our growth potential, whether with an acquisition like BK Medical or a sale, as seen this quarter with part of Steam Power's nuclear business.  
In summary, we're taking action in this difficult environment to serve our customers while investing in tomorrow's innovation. We're using lean principles to improve our results and our culture. We're confident this work is improving our operational and financial performance while fortifying our competitive positions around the world, ultimately, unlocking further potential across our company.  
And with that, Carolina will provide further insights on the quarter.

Carolina, thanks. 
Before I close, I'll briefly touch on the real progress we're making on our plan to create 3 independent investment-grade industry leaders. 
As always, it starts with our team. As we shared at our Investor Day, we've added 3 new Board members: Steve Angel; Bella Goren; and Tom Mihaljevic, who bring deep domain expertise in our key industries. And we're delighted to add to our existing leadership bench, Scott Reese, who joined as CEO of our Digital business, which will be part of GE's Global Energy portfolio going forward. And in Healthcare, we welcome Chief People Officer, Betty Larson, and General Counsel, Frank Jimenez. 
We remain very enthusiastic about the opportunities these spins will unlock for our already strong franchises as they will help drive greater focus, accountability and alignment with our customers and the markets they serve. We're committed to making sure each proposed company is set up with an investment-grade rating, strong capital and governance structures and best-in-class talent that will position them for long-term success. 
As you heard from our Healthcare leaders last month, planning work for the spin-off is well underway, and we're on track to launch Healthcare early next year. We've received positive feedback from our customers and many investors. And we have dedicated cross-functional teams working through stand-alone operating and capital structures, governance branding and a range of other work streams to ensure operational readiness. We have more than 1,000 people today engaged in the separation planning work, moving forward with purpose in important areas. We're progressing the carve-out audits, and we have finalized the IT infrastructure and legal entity separation plans. A lot of work has been completed, more to come, but we're on our way. 
Pete and his leadership team are focused not only on successfully executing the intended spin, but also deeply embedding lean and developing long-term plans to accelerate top and bottom line growth as an independent company. 
At the same time, GE remains focused on serving our customers. The majority of our teams are fully dedicated to running the business and driving lean improvements to further strengthen our foundation ahead of the spins. 
As we move forward, we're confident about our path to create 3 outstanding companies well positioned for the future, with global leadership positions, lean cultures and innovation prowess to solve for the critical needs of our customers. 
I'm grateful for the focus and dedication of the GE team. I continue to be inspired by their extraordinary commitment. I'm excited about our ability to realize the full potential of these businesses as we move forward. 
To close on Slide 11. It's been a busy start to the year to say the least. This quarter presented its challenges with rising inflation, renewable energy and Russia-Ukraine chief amongst those challenges. And we continue to monitor additional supply chain constraints and the COVID impacts in China. But we're managing through, focusing on what we can control, and there is a lot that we can control. The recovery in services is a bright spot, with all businesses growing service revenue this quarter as well as strong underlying demand in Aviation and Healthcare. 
I'm confident that our team is leveraging lean and decentralization, focused on safety, quality and delivery, and taking action to drive growth, price and cost out. And we continue preparing our plans to stand up 3 strong independent companies, focused on growing critical sectors: in Aviation, where we're on the cusp of a post-COVID recovery and new engine ramp with our airframe customers, accelerating our mission to create a smarter and more efficient future of flight; in Healthcare, where we're innovating in precision health to drive efficiency and improve patient outcomes; and in Energy, where we see tremendous opportunity to provide affordable, reliable and sustainable power. 
Overall, I hope you see what I see, that our businesses are positioned for success as we continue to scale lean and drive innovation, delivering better results for our shareholders today and tomorrow. 
Steve, with that, let's go to questions.

Well, I think we start with Healthcare, Nigel. We're clearly seeing more inflation there. And the price/cost challenges we've discussed before I think continues to be top of mind. We're encouraged by what we've seen with respect to improved pricing in the order book here of late. That has yet to match up with what we're seeing in terms of price in our recognized revenue. But that will come. So I think as we look sequentially through the rest of the year, that will be less of a headwind for us as we make that progress. I think we're doing a lot of good work with not only our suppliers, but within our own facilities, to make sure that we're able to match output with demand, right? 
This is not a demand issue. As you saw, orders in the quarter for Healthcare were up 8%. It really is a throughput dynamic. I don't want to lay all that off on our suppliers. There's a lot that we are doing with them and with our own facilities to improve the reliability of supply. And things are just backed up. We've talked about this before. I think we're making good progress with some of our larger suppliers, if you will, with our -- many of our A parts. But with the B and C part, that continues to be a challenge. But again, whether it be the redesigns, some of the resourcing, some of the better signaling with them, let alone our kaizen work in our own facilities, I think we'll see through the course of the year sequential improvement in that regard. So we can get that volume out with better pricing over time. Given this demand backdrop, I think you'll see Healthcare improve through the course of the year. 
I think with respect to Renewables, what we really want to highlight here is that we're fundamentally taking, I think, a more measured and more conservative posture with respect to the outlook in Onshore Wind. There's, I think, considerable uncertainty with respect to the PTC and other incentives. That is creating a bit of a pause with customers. I think the timing of that resolution is unclear. Congress can, and I believe will, take action this year. 
But at this point, with the passage of time, I think we know that the orders later in the year are likely to be delayed, if not push into '23. That will create some pressure for us particularly from an order, and in turn, a cash perspective. But that, coupled with the pricing actions, which I'm pleased by, right, because we do need to see improved price at Renewables, particularly in Wind. While it's a short-term pause with respect to demand, it's the right thing for the business, and I would argue, the industry. We're taking some of those tough decisions. But if you look at even ex U.S., we saw a high single-digit increase in our pricing moves internationally in Onshore Wind. That's part of the improvement plan, and again, I think something that you'll see play out through the course of the year. But in the absence of that volume in onshore North America, that creates a more muted outlook for us in Renewables in '22.

Well, let me take the first part of that. Maybe Carolina will take the second part of that. Andrew, I think what we really wanted to make sure people understood here was that we've got a number of pressures, again, inflation. We talked about Renewables a moment ago, and incrementally, the Ukraine-Russia situation. I think depending on the pace of some of these sequential improvements we've just touched on, be it our pricing actions, be it our throughput actions, let alone some of this policy uncertainty being resolved, that could, I think, give us a bit of a lift here beyond the low end of the range. 
Clearly, throughput is not strictly a Healthcare dynamic for us. We're really encouraged by the strong order books in Aviation, up 30% overall. As you saw, services up over 35%. But we really have a lot of work to do, again, with the supply base and in our own shops to keep pace with that. So we're working that hard every day. I see a lot of progress. But nevertheless, we are building our past due backlog in a number of areas, and we've got to clear that out. But given where we are today, you see how we're framing the year.

Deane, I would say that with respect to the macro, again, I think inflation pressures have become more acute in certain areas. And we're working hard to offset that in a number of ways, both from a procurement, from a utilization perspective, let alone on the price side. We can get into that in more detail if you'd like. 
Again, I think in Renewables, we're assuming a resolution, but probably a late resolution in that regard with respect to some of the incentives here and the clearing of this pause customers are taking in the wake of price increases that we and others are trying to put across. Clearly, there's an inflationary between a metals and a logistics-based inflationary pressure that has picked up in Renewables as well. And then there's just the Russia-Ukraine dynamic. I think we're really keeping a weather eye out on some of these supply strain constraints, working very hard to offset those, both with our suppliers and in our own shops, right? 
There's a lot that we can do to, frankly, be a better customer with our suppliers in terms of how we signal what we need and when we need it, if you will, a good bit of pull being implemented now, particularly at Aviation. We're doing kaizens with our suppliers to help them break bottlenecks where we can. So there's progress, probably more with the A parts and the C parts. But we're working hard and keeping an eye out on this while continuing to drive the flow in our own facilities to drive more output where we can. 
Also watching closely what happens here in China. We know we were hit both from a demand and from an output perspective in the first quarter with the lockdowns, particularly in and around Shanghai. How that plays out? It's not something that we have a handle on. I don't think anybody really does. So those are the 2 things we're watching. But it's really inflation, the dynamics in Renewables in Russia, which are the primary pressures on the range.

Scott, fortunately, we make very good margins across the Healthcare portfolio, right? It's probably our highest gross margin business of the 4. So when you look at a quarter like the one we just had, where orders were up 8%, shipments were up 2%, we're building backlog. And that's a good thing. Normal course. Unfortunately, what's also happening, because we haven't necessarily cleared all the orders we got in the back half of last year, we're also building our past due or our delinquent backlog. That doesn't -- that tends not to carry some of the penalties that you'll see in longer-cycle businesses. 
So we simply have to get that product out, recognize that revenue when we do. And I think you'll see strong impact, both in the P&L and in the cash flow statements. Again, a lot to do, a lot of work to do with our suppliers, a lot of work we can do within our own shops, which we're doing. It's just hard for anybody on the outside to see some of that progress. But fortunately, again, it's not a demand issue. It's really a throughput issue. And that's where we're focused. 
On the inflationary side of things, it -- there is pressure there. And again, that's why Pete and the team have been pushing price where they can. I think we've seen really nice improvement in the order book in that regard. To get that into revenue, of course, we've got to clear this backlog. And in some cases, that is happening now. We're going to need a few more months, I think, in other cases. But that work, again, is underway. And I'm optimistic, when you put all that together, it's a good part of the sequential improvement we should see in Healthcare through the course of '22.

Josh, you're right. I mean we've got a lot of momentum right now in services. Revenues were up 26% in the quarter in Aviation. It's not simply a function of shop visits. And there's a lot we're doing even there to make sure that our own capacity and our supply lines are set to keep pace with this ramp. Again, a high-class challenge to have. Demand is robust. But in addition, we're feeding parts and other elements of the service mix to third parties, which particularly now as people deal with an inventory depletion. As everybody is working down inventories during COVID to get ready for this post-COVID ramp, we're seeing some of that spike in certain areas as well right now. So there's a lot of good going on. And again, I think we're -- our primary challenge is going to be to keep pace with the rest of the year.

Sure. Joe, I think a lot of what we've talked about here in terms of the sequential improvements in those areas that are within our control really are the most important planks in the bridge to '23. But I obviously start with cash, as you know. And when I think about, if you will, the low end of that $5.5 billion, $6.5 billion guide for cash this year, if we just take the $5.5 billion, it doesn't really take us much to get to that $7 billion figure we've talked about for next year. Again, I think Aviation is moving forward in this regard. And the AD&A headwinds we've talked about for this year, probably $0.5 billion shouldn't repeat next year. 
We talked a moment ago with Scott relative to Healthcare and the sequential ramp from here. We think demand will continue to be robust. Again, in this post-COVID world, we see investment both on the private and the public side. So as we clear that backlog, probably carry a little bit of that back into next year, we're going to move. And I think with respect to Power, you continue to see steady improvement. And all we really need out of Renewables is a little bit of the same, right, not a dramatic turnaround going into next year. So a lot of work to do still this year, but we think we're on a path for '23, along the lines of what we've discussed previously.

Well, Julian, let me maybe take the back part of that while Carolina grabs Page 112 from the deck in Greenville by way of reference. I think when we talk about throughput, we're talking -- I mean, implied in that is a productivity element. Now admittedly, we want to make sure in the spirit of SQDC, right, safety, quality first, delivery before cost, that we're getting product out. But a lot of the lean work, again, I think you saw this in Greenville, allows us to create capacity to bust bottlenecks and do so in a way that isn't throwing a lot of arms and legs at it, that would dilute productivity. So part of the challenge in Aviation and in Healthcare is to make sure that we're true to that. But I think the lean approach, make sure -- well, it's a focus on productivity, first and foremost. 
I think you did hear in the prepared remarks us talk about the fact that we need to adjust the cost structure in Renewables to the new realities that we're dealing with and some of these uncertainties. So Scott's in that business, I think, 100 days, give or take right now. But he and the team are taking a hard look at where those opportunities are to deal with some of the cost buckets that are clearly in need of review. So that work continues. Very much spooled up on that. But again, in the spirit of priorities, we want to make sure we're clearing the supply constraints as best we can and working the purchase cost and the price side of things probably with more energy.

Steve, thanks. 
I would just wrap up here by highlighting the fact that our teams continue to deliver for our customers in what was clearly a difficult operating environment. And we're laser-focused on positioning all of our franchises, all of our strong franchises for the long term. And I'd just like to wrap by thanking our employees and our partners for their hard work and our investors for their continued support. We appreciate your interest, your investment in GE and your time today. Of course, Steve and the IR team stand ready to assist you as you consider GE in your investment processes.