Steve, thanks. Good morning, everyone. We hope you and your families are healthy and safe. Our thoughts are with all of those affected by this global pandemic. We recognize this is a very difficult and challenging time for everyone. On behalf of GE, I want to express our gratitude to those on the front lines and the medical community, many of whom we're privileged to call our customers, working tirelessly to protect all of us. Thank you.  
When we last spoke during our outlook call in March, we were encouraged by the continued strength in Aviation and Healthcare and the progress made in Power and Renewables. In the 8 weeks since, the world has fundamentally changed. As we all know, the COVID-19 pandemic evolved rapidly, hitting hard and hitting fast. While this is an earnings call, our goal today is to provide you with the most current and relevant information we have and as always, to be as open and transparent as we possibly can. So forgive us if we run a little long today. The COVID-19 dynamics at GE, like the economy at large, are fluid and still evolving but clearly challenging in the near term. 
With that, I'll start with our response to COVID-19. Carolina, who is joining our earnings call for the first time, will cover the financials, then I'll wrap with a more in-depth view of our current operations.  
Moving to Slide 2. During this unprecedented time, we're focused on 3 areas. First, the health and safety of our employees and our communities. We established a COVID-19 task force that is working to ensure we're doing everything in our ability to protect the health and safety and aligning with the various government directives and medical advisories in real time. To that end, we've encouraged those employees who are not directly performing customer-facing essential jobs to work from home wherever possible. But given the mission-critical work we do at GE, not everyone can stay home. I'd like to acknowledge our employees out in the field and in our factories for their unwavering dedication as they continue to deliver for our customers, supporting essential services like hospitals, power generation, airlines and national defense. We're ensuring they have what they need to do their job safely. This includes temperature screenings, face coverings and gloves as necessary and physical distancing, all keeping with national, state and local guidelines. I'm also inspired by the support that our employees have shown each other. We recently established an Employee Relief Fund and more than 75 senior leaders across GE have contributed portions of their salary to support those affected by this crisis. 
Our second priority is continuing to serve our customers. In Healthcare, we're ramping production of critical medical equipment used to diagnose and treat COVID-19 patients, including respiratory, CT, monitoring solutions, X-ray, anesthesia and point-of-care ultrasound product lines. Already, our team has doubled production of ventilators and plans to double again by the end of June. Healthcare's digital and AI solutions are helping hospitals remotely monitor multiple patients at once and automate rote tasks so clinicians can spend more of their precious time focused on life-saving work. Across all of our businesses, we're in constant communication with employees, customers, suppliers, and governments to maintain business continuity without disruption. 
Our third priority is preserving our strength. First and foremost, a sound liquidity is crucial and solidifying our balance sheet remains a key focus. With the recent closing of the BioPharma transaction, we received $20 billion of net proceeds. This provides GE with optionality to protect our company and remain flexible. And importantly, we retained a $17 billion leading Healthcare business at the center of an ecosystem striving for precision health. Preserving our strength in a time like this also requires a different operating model. Here, I draw on my experience as a CEO managing through 9/11 and the global financial crisis. There are 3 steps in this model: embrace reality, redefine winning and execute the plan. Easy to say, hard to do. 
Starting with embrace reality. This is necessary in a time like this when so much has changed and remains uncertain. For us, it means recognizing that we're facing significant headwinds in Aviation, and we may be for a while. We wish it were otherwise, but that's not our reality. 
Next, redefine winning. We came into 2020 with a plan to define winning as profitable growth, margin expansion and cash generation. Now we need to adjust to the altered environment to focus and inspire our team. Let me share some ways we're doing this. While safety has always been a top priority for GE, COVID-19 has reshaped our safety agenda. In terms of our financial priorities, improving our cash generation and decremental margins in the second half are key focus areas. And in Healthcare, we clearly didn't come into the year expecting to increase our ventilator production fourfold, but we will. 
And finally, execute the plan. We're moving with speed, discipline and intensity to improve our cost structure, targeting more than $2 billion of cost actions and more than $3 billion of cash actions. And this is where lean is particularly relevant, from daily management through traditional [ com bond ] systems, which help reset inventory levels, to do problem-solving tools we're rolling out across GE. Let me share a recent example from Gas Power. In our Greenville facility, the team used lean to cut the distance that a single part travels during production from 3 miles -- yes, 3 miles to a mere 165 feet, slashing the time it took to make that part by 42%. These are the sort of operational efficiencies that are more essential than ever in this environment. 
So that's our approach here. We're facing the pandemic head-on while continuing to execute our long-term strategy for GE. 
Moving to Slide 3. You'll find a snapshot of our first quarter results. And Carolina will take you through this in detail, but first, a few top line thoughts. As I noted, we entered the year with momentum. However, as COVID-19 continued to spread globally, and I'm not going to sugarcoat this, we got hit hard in some of our highest-margin parts of our best-performing businesses. This is especially true at Aviation services, where COVID-19 caused a rapid decline in commercial aviation demand and even essential travel became difficult in the second half of March. A similar situation also transpired at Power Services, where travel restrictions caused by COVID-19 impacted our field personnel. And across all of our businesses, we started to see some project fulfillment and execution issues. At the same time, Healthcare performed well due to urgent demand for our products used in the fight against COVID-19. Taking a step back, about 80% of our roughly $400 billion backlog is in services, which have a long time horizon. And while services have been hurt in the near term, those capabilities remain one of our greatest strengths. They keep us close to our customers with deep strategic relationships especially through periods of volatility. 
So in the spirit of embracing reality, let me frame for you what we're seeing right now at a high level and then I'll do a deeper dive after Carolina reviews the first quarter. In Aviation and at GECAS, airlines are conserving cash, not flying the planes they have, limiting maintenance spare -- spend where they can and all the while deferring orders in many places. No one can predict when and how leisure and business travel will resume, but the reality is likely, it's not soon. So we're redefining winning from margin expansion in 2020 to improving our decremental margins this year, which requires we aggressively adjust our cost structure. That's what winning looks like for Aviation, and they're moving forward with a comprehensive plan. To be clear, we'll get back to targeting those 20% operating margins post pandemic. 
In Healthcare, we've been on the front lines, combating COVID-19 since the early days in Wuhan. This is fundamental to our mission. While we've seen demand surge for certain products, other products including those in our high-margin Pharmaceutical Diagnostics business, have been negatively impacted as multiple procedures are deferred. Healthcare is likely to rebound faster than Aviation, but we're still fast-tracking additional cost-out actions, targeting an incremental $700 million since Kieran and the team spoke with you in December. 
In Power and Renewable Energy, the impact of COVID-19 has been more limited to date. Specifically at Power, we're experiencing outage delays and restrictions in field service travel, and we're monitoring new unit orders and services. To offset this, we're further rightsizing the cost structure. And in Power, we already reduced headcount by 700 in the first quarter. 
Now clearly across GE, there are a number of large variables that are unknown at this point, including the full duration, magnitude and pace of recovery across our end markets, operations and supply chains. We're also monitoring how the resulting interest rate environment will impact pension obligations and our runoff Insurance business. So let me tell you what we do know. The second quarter will be the first full quarter with pressure from COVID-19, and we expect that our financial results will decline sequentially before they improve later this year. The bottom line is we have some challenging times ahead but this too shall pass. I'm confident the underlying reset we took over the last 18 months to focus GE's portfolio and instill a greater focus on customers and lean give us a running start for what we face today. Moreover, I see in our response to COVID-19 signs of how we're moving faster to change GE for the good: more lean work to help reduce inventories in the face of demand challenges in Aviation, travel restrictions spurring on the use of remote digital technology to complete fieldwork in Renewables and more capital discipline across the board. With new leaders assimilating faster and with real impact, Healthcare comes to mind. So all of this, in combination with the planned actions we'll discuss later, are accelerating our transformation of GE. 
With that, I'll turn it over to Carolina. But before I do, let me say how pleased I am to have her on board. In 2 short months, it's clear we share the same perspectives of embracing reality and operational bias for action and executing with speed.

Carolina, thank you. There's no question that COVID-19 is putting real pressure on our businesses. Given that so much has changed and this quarter will be our first full quarter with pressure from COVID-19, I'd like to spend some time here discussing second quarter trending based on what we're seeing through the month of April. 
So starting with Aviation on Slide 9. Of all of our Industrial segments, this business is feeling the impact of the pandemic most severely. The rapid contraction of air travel has resulted in a significant reduction in demand as commercial airlines suspend routes and ground large percentages of their fleets. We'll cover commercial services and engines on the next 2 slides in detail. But on the other end of the spectrum, demand for our military business remains strong. To that end, we rebalanced some of our capacity to meet this increased demand. To offset some pressure in the commercial business, we're taking several steps that while painful preserve our ability to adapt as the environment continues to evolve. We've previously announced $500 million to $1 billion in cost and cash actions, and we've now increased this, targeting more than $1 billion in cost actions and more than $2 billion in cash actions. This will be achieved through different initiatives, some of which have been completed, others in flight as we speak. These include a 10% reduction in Aviation's total U.S. workforce and furloughs impacting 50% of its U.S. maintenance repair and overhaul facilities and new engine manufacturing. We'll continue to monitor and potentially extend as required. We're also focused on reducing discretionary and CapEx spend and optimizing working capital. 
I know Aviation's decremental margin through this pandemic is top of mind for investors, and Carolina touched on the main dynamics impacting our margins in the quarter. While we expect our commercial revenues and profits will continue to be down in the second quarter, our expectations are that the cost actions we're undertaking will improve decremental margins in the back half of the year. While there are many uncertainties, I expect that we will exit the year with a much lower decremental margin than what you saw in the first quarter. So make no mistake, driving improvement here is our #1 focus. As we think about the full year, we're tracking travel restrictions, carrier and passenger behavior, disease countermeasures and freight demand, all of which will impact aircraft departures and revenue passenger kilometers. While we're seeing an unprecedented decline in 2020, we're taking action, and David and the team are working proactively with our customers to navigate through this crisis. 
So spending a little more time on commercial services, which represented $3.3 billion of revenue in the first quarter, let's go to Slide 10. As you can see on the left side, departures across the full industry were strong in the first quarter before rapidly declining in mid-March. As we look at it this week, focused on the GE and CFM fleet, global departures are down approximately 75%. Roughly 60% of the CFM fleet is parked today. In line with this, we're also seeing significant headwinds in global shop visits, which were down low double digits in the first quarter as airlines defer short-term maintenance, and we expect this trend gets worse before it gets better, with some potential to moderate in the latter half of the year depending on the variables just outlined. Based on what we're seeing through the month of April, in the second quarter, we're seeing shop visits down roughly 60% and CSA billings down roughly 50%. Additionally, we expect the significant reduction in utilization is likely to continue to pressure our CSA margins. That said, when the aviation industry recovers, and it will recover over time, GE is well positioned with the largest and youngest installed base of all engine manufacturers. Additionally, roughly 62% of our GE/CFM fleet has seen one shop visit or less, and this will generate demand upon recovery. We have more narrow-bodies that are 10 years or younger than the narrow-body installed base of the rest of the industry. And when we see a pickup in air travel demand, we expect narrow-bodies will recover most quickly. Overall, it was a challenging quarter and we're expecting additional pressure here in the second. But our cost actions will alleviate some of the pressure in the second half of 2020. 
Moving to commercial engines, which represented $1.5 billion of revenue in the first quarter. In light of COVID-19, airframers are producing at a lower rate. Based on what we're seeing through the month of April, in the second quarter, we see installed engines down roughly 45% and spare engines down roughly 60% year-on-year, attributable to the delivery deferrals in addition to the already planned lower production rate on the 737 MAX. In the near term, we're rightsizing production capacity and actively managing the supply base. We have very strong relationships with the airframers and an attractive value proposition as evidenced by a multiyear backlog. As you'll see on the right, we have strong positions, sole source on 2 of the biggest new engine entrants and a 65% win rate on the other. While we acknowledge there's pressure on near-term demand for new aircraft, these stats demonstrate that customers see the value of GE technology. We're taking the right actions to be well positioned for the post-pandemic world. 
Moving to Healthcare, which consists of Healthcare Systems and PDx. In the second quarter to date, we're seeing increased demand for vital medical equipment in the diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19 within Healthcare Systems. Now these product orders, including ventilators, have increased 1.5 to 2x versus pre-pandemic levels. But at the same time, we're seeing reduced demand for other diagnostic products as certain procedures are deferred or canceled around the world. To be clear, these other diagnostics are still essential and often associated with saving lives in areas including oncology and cardiology but are currently deprioritized. PDx is a similar story. This is a high-margin business made up of contrast agents and nuclear tracers associated with procedures that are being deferred or canceled right now. Several HCS product lines and most of PDx is down as much as 50% versus pre-pandemic levels. While these dynamics vary by country, there appears to be a pattern emerging as geographies experience different stages of the virus. Taking China for example, as hospitals come back online, we're seeing a ramp in previously deferred procedures and increased demand for our equipment and consumables. 
Healthcare is accelerating its planned transformation to expand margins post BioPharma by reducing headcount, fixed costs, discretionary spend and marketing spend, prioritizing R&D, deferring CapEx and optimizing working capital. Looking forward, we're most focused on the following indicators for Healthcare: hospital admission and occupancy rates, an increase in non-COVID-19 procedures, changes in hospital CapEx budgets, government spending on health care broadly, and development of COVID-19 test treatments and vaccines. Based on our experience in China and the market in April, we expect to be down in the second quarter with potential recovery afterwards. COVID-19 has highlighted the need to build and truly invest and scale a new digitized infrastructure and quickly. We're committed to our investments in our digital Edison platform and solutions like Mural Virtual Care Solution, which allows one clinician to remotely view numerous ventilated patients simultaneously, helping to expand their capacity while reducing their risk of exposure. As our digital health care journey continues, we're at the center of an ecosystem striving for precision health. I'm very proud of the work our team is doing to combat COVID-19. 
Moving to Power on Slide 13. We'll talk to the current trending in the second quarter to date and dynamics at Gas Power and Power Portfolio. Starting with Gas Power equipment. While we're monitoring and managing supply chain disruptions, as of today, we still see a path to 45 to 50 gas turbine deliveries this year. But our orders profile and, therefore, cash down payments worth several hundred million dollars are likely weaker due to IPP pressures in the U.S. and Mexico as we expect that deal financing will become harder through the year. Additionally, with oil price pressure impacting Middle East and SSA investment, including demand for new LNG, we are expecting a longer road to normalization. Ultimately, we're sticking to our strategy of securing a lower-risk, margin-accretive backlog with disciplined execution. In services, approximately 20% of planned outages are shifting from the first half of this year due to COVID-19 field labor constraints. We're also seeing pressure on upgrades primarily in the Middle East, where low oil prices are impacting customer budgets. We are seeing GE gas turbine utilization in the U.S. up mid-single digits due to low gas prices and the shift from coal, but utilization globally is down low double digits due to lower electricity demand. Within Power Portfolio, our Steam business is most impacted. Factory closures pressured our Steam operations, including one facility in Wuhan, which was closed for approximately 8 weeks in the first quarter. Today, we're back up to more than 70% of capacity. The global supply chain has also been disrupted by the shutdown in India driven by government restrictions. Overall, we're seeing about 30% of outages shift from the first half of this year to the second half with another 10% to 15% pushing into next year. 
Our Power businesses are taking several measures to offset these pressures. In the first quarter, we reduced headcount by 700, notified approximately 1,300 contractors, implemented a hiring freeze, and in line with the demand profile, we're taking even further actions. This will serve to reduce fixed costs in 2020 and drive benefits in 2021. Looking forward, we're tracking a number of items, including timing of our gas turbine new order closure, service outages and volume, fleet utilization as the energy mix and fuel prices are impacting each region differently, supplier impacts and project execution, billing milestones and customer collections. We're targeting to have our accelerated cost-out measures drive organic margin expansion despite these demand changes. 
Moving to Slide 14 on Renewables. There was a limited impact of COVID-19 in the first quarter, and our disappointing results continue to be largely about improving execution. As we've said, we think about Renewables in 3 distinct operating pools. Starting with Onshore Wind. While we continue to deliver at record levels in the Americas, we are seeing supply chain disruption at our LM Wind facilities, and we're monitoring key commercial milestones such as permitting and financing, which could potentially cause timing delays. In Offshore Wind, certification for our industry-leading turbine, the Haliade-X, remains on track. We're also on plan to start delivering on our ED unit -- 6-megawatt commitments to EDF. After completion of this project in 2021, we expect to start shifting production to the Haliade-X. We're also monitoring financial closure of 2020 deals. Grid and Hydro, our 2 turnarounds, are impacted by supply chain disruptions, with over half of our grid facilities now operating below full capacity. And in grid automation, we're also impacted by lower book-to-bill order conversion. 
Across all 3 of these pools, we're increasing cost-out and restructuring, and we've identified several hundred million dollars of additional actions. Longer term, a lower cost structure will benefit Renewables. Relating to the global supply chain, we're focused on the safe reopening of our plants globally and then optimizing the workforce and plant load levels. Looking forward, we're expecting a larger impact from COVID-19 in the second quarter. And by business, we're tracking '20 and '21 demand impact on progress collections and potential site delays in Onshore Wind, the risk of financing delays associated with deals at offshore, project site delays at Grid and Hydro, and the backlog at grid. 
On Slide 15, within GE Capital, our GECAS and Insurance businesses are where we are feeling the largest impacts. So I'll keep my comments focused there. First, GECAS is better positioned today than in previous downturns with better asset quality, less customer concentration and more geographic diversity. That said, we're preparing for elevated repossessions and redeployments as well as lease restructurings, and we've had approximately 80% of our customers seek short-term deferrals. As you may have seen, we've agreed with Boeing on a rebalancing of our 737 MAX order book. Second, at Insurance, market and rate volatility is impacting the current value of our investment portfolio and reinvestment yields. Therefore, we're deploying capital to capture market dislocation investment opportunities. We're closely monitoring how this volatility will impact Insurance this year. And similar to the Industrial segments, we're implementing incremental cost and cash actions. Looking forward, we continue to expect higher impairments and lower asset sales at GECAS and Insurance. Our seasoned teams are working closely with our customers to navigate through this period. 
So to close, our priorities are clear. We rapidly mobilized our team in the face of COVID-19 with our top priority being the health and safety of our employees. And overall, the priorities we reviewed with you at the outlook call remain intact. We're facing into our near-term realities while continuing to manage GE for the long term. When the world is facing the worst pandemic in a century, our team is rising to the challenge with humility, transparency and focus. We continue to deliver value for our customers, enabling air carriers to transport essential goods, supplying vital health care equipment and keeping the lights on. And while there are many unknowns, there will be another side. Planes will fly again, health care will normalize and modernize, and the world still needs more efficient, resilient energy. At the same time, we're embracing this new reality. We're redefining winning, and we're executing our plan. The cost and cash actions we've taken you through this morning are a major result. These moves will ultimately allow us to accelerate our multiyear transformation to make GE a stronger, nimbler and more valuable company, and I am confident that GE will emerge stronger. 
With that, Steve, let's go to questions.

Jeff, I think if we look at the service backlog, right, broadly, just under $325 billion for the company, the vast majority of that, $234 billion, is in Aviation. I suspect that's where you're most focused. We go through those backlog reviews and the CSA reviews on a regular basis. What we've done here over the last -- call it the last 7, 8 weeks is really tighten and quicken the review process that we do with the businesses, both at Aviation and at GECAS. What we're trying to do is make sure we've got the latest and, if you will, most accurate information possible with respect to customer risk given everything that's going on. So we do that on a regular basis. We did that at the end of the first quarter in closing much as we do every quarter. Clearly, we've got a fluid situation. And I think the modest charges that we took, the modest changes in the first quarter clearly are going to play out as we go through the course of the year. We can't really scope that for you today. 
If you look at the CSA book in Aviation, for example, as we went through the mechanics of the future billings, the future costs related to those billings, based on the information at the time, it was really just $100 billion -- $100 million adjustment, noncash of course, which is why you see a little bit of the earnings cash dynamic. Certainly, as we go forward, we're going to be updating those adjustments. And again, we would expect that we would see more of that given what the airlines are doing with their planes. But I think it's important to keep in mind, again, these are 10- to 15-year agreements as you know, and those adjustments are taken in the context of that particularly extended time period.

Yes. Jeff, I think that we took guidance off the table a few weeks back and didn't want to take an attempt at framing formal guidance here today. In light of all this flu and all -- it's still evolving here. I think the tack we took was really to try to share as much with you as we possibly could in terms of the April detail business by business and acknowledge that we're going to see a more challenging second quarter here given the full impact of COVID and the like. But beyond that, I think that's really where we are. We know we've got to get to work on the cost and the cash actions. That's why you see us doubling that activity in Aviation, stepping it up elsewhere around the company. So the $2 billion of cost, the $3 billion of cash will clearly help us later on in the year as those actions take root. But for today, I think that's really what we're -- that's what we know, and that's what we're comfortable sharing.

Josh, are you there?

I can hear you.

Andrew, the -- I think you're referring to Page 9 in the slide deck. Maybe what we're seeing here -- yes. I think this is what we're seeing right now, right? And given what the carriers have said publicly, what they're doing, we think these are good, likely near-end run rates to share with you. Again, we're not trying to offer up a definitive view as to the next several quarters, but this is what we're seeing right now in the second quarter, for sure.

Andrew, we were ramping spares with both the LEAP-1A and the LEAP-1B as the narrow-body market was taking off, typical early in the life of an engine activity. We are clearly seeing that soften, not necessarily going to 0, as preparations are being made for the return to service of the MAX, right? I don't think that opportunity is lost. But I think like much of what we're seeing in Aviation broadly, it will be pushed out for a few years. And again, I don't think we're taking a definitive view as to what year, what quarter things get back to, if you will, a normalized 2019 level, but we recognize the discussions out there about this being a multiyear recovery, gradual, slow. I think we're embracing that reality, and that applies really across the portfolio both on the OE side as well as the aftermarket spares included.

Sure. Well, I would say, Scott, as you well know that when we're in a mode like this, you're moving as quickly as you possibly can almost anywhere that you can. So if you look at what we've announced in Aviation, the doubling of those activities today, the broadening across the company, if you look at the tally today, there is a decidedly short-term bias there that Carolina and I are going to be working with the CEOs over the coming weeks to transition to a more permanent action, right? If you look at what we did in Aviation, for example, in terms of the temporary lack of works, that was a way to quickly adjust our cost structure in that business on a variable basis to these shockingly fast changes in demand. You might categorize that as temporary. We need to work through the changes on a more permanent basis that are required in light of the length of the recovery that we're looking at. So we have confidence in these numbers that we're sharing today, the $2 billion of costs, the $3 billion of cash. There's a bit of a tactical bias today just given how fresh this is, but we will be leaning in toward making more of them permanent, recognizing though at the end of the day, there will be a bit of a mix, be it headcount-related, discretionary spend on the cost side in addition to some of the working capital and certainly, the CapEx reduction that Carolina referenced, the 25% reduction year-on-year. So a lot going on and by no means is this -- are these headlines today the end. It's very much a work in progress.

Well, we -- it did come at a good time. There's no question. That's why we put the emphasis in the BioPharma setup on certainty, right? We want to take the market risk off the table relative to thinking through the Healthcare options. Carolina, anything you want to add relative to kind of managing liquidity versus leverage right here? I think...

Clearly, Josh.

Well, Josh, certainly, we have revisited the history. The team is well versed in what we have seen in years past. I'm not sure we've seen anything kind of on par with this. But there's no question that there's going to be a bias on the part of some as some of these fleet reductions play out to retire some of the older aircraft. And that will factor in to the aftermarket much like some of the dynamics around green time and how here in the short term folks try to preserve cash, carriers try to preserve cash in their business. So I'm not sure that there is necessarily an exact model that captures what all the carriers in aggregate are going to do here, a model that offers great precision. I think we do know that this -- that the combination of these factors is going to create pressure for us here in the short term. I think what's most important for our business really is cycles much more so than revenue passenger miles. And as we see schedules come back as we work our way through the pandemic, that will put us back on, I think, better footing. But here in the short term, I think we're acknowledging that we're going to see shop visits and CSA billings take on some real pressure due to the downturn.

Steve, I think we have immediately been focused on taking the right actions, both the cost, the cash, the balance sheet actions here in the short term, in the face of this unprecedented pandemic. We've taken guidance off for the year. We're not putting it back on today just given the undue uncertainty of it all, right? So I don't think we're trying to get out any further than that. I appreciate the question. But I think for purposes of today, we're really just trying to frame for folks what we're seeing. But that said, however long it takes us to work through this, I think we feel very good about our ability to come out stronger and get back on a positive cash flow growth trajectory.

Carolina, anything you would add to that?

Steve?

Yes. No. Just one other point I think worth mentioning. I mean I think what we're acknowledging here is that [ assistance ] played out in March and what we're seeing already in April, right? It really is hitting us from a mix perspective, hard. Our highest-margin businesses are really feeling it here. I would think that on the recovery, we would see it swing the other way. When we get back and come off a bottom, we should have positive mix effect really across the board, particularly in Aviation and Healthcare. Your second question, Steve, was relative to the cost actions and how much permanent, how much not permanent?

Yes. I think what we have said previously, we were going to be down off of last year from an expense and from a cash perspective. I think we're probably going to end up more or less in line, right? Keep in mind that some of the cost actions like furloughs don't carry a restructuring charge with that, right, because they aren't permanent. So part of what we're trying to do is squeeze out some of the temporary costs. But all the while, if we can make more structural moves, we want to make sure we've got room to do that. But I'd say right now, assume that it be relatively flat year-on-year. But as Carolina indicated in her remarks, we want to try to do more if we can.

Well, I think that given what we highlighted relative to the April experience and a near-term projection of that, there's no question that we're going to continue to see the pressure on cash at Aviation that we've seen here of late, right? And that will be our -- undoubtedly our biggest headwind.

No, no, no. There's plenty of planning for, again, an extended slowdown here. We're embracing this reality to the fullest extent possible. We are not expecting this to bounce back in the near term. So we flagged in the Q the IATA numbers. We also referenced others. You see it in our own departure data here in April, right? We are way down. That has a direct feed in the shop visits, CSA billings and the like. So we're adapting to this new environment, confident that it will recover. So we're -- Markus, we're simply not trying to assume that the pressure abates anytime soon, witnessed the cost and the cash actions that we're taking.

I'm not sure we would buy into the premise per se, right? I mean we are a cycles business much more so than any other indicator. And those cycles are going to have to come back before the passengers do. As you indicated, the age of the fleet will help us. Over time, there could be some short-term headwinds, but we'll see how that plays out. I think what we're acknowledging here is that we've been hit from a free cash perspective in our biggest and best cash generator, at Aviation, but we're really not getting into much more in terms of the free cash forecast on a multiyear basis. It's just too soon. There's just too many moving pieces for us to be that forward-leaning at this point. We wish we could be. It's just not where we are.

Well, I would -- I'm not sure I would say that there's a lot that is -- no, please, Carolina.

Yes. Well, I would just say at a high level, we are committed to our deleveraging target of less than 2.5x on the Industrial side. And I think you've seen us make a lot of progress year-to-date, which I hope underscores the seriousness of that objective, both on the GE side, right? I think it's $7 billion of debt reductions in the quarter. And Capital, I think it's up to $10 billion on a year-to-date basis given some of the things we did in April. Clearly, it's going to take us a while longer here to hit those targets, like I suspect most companies. But in terms of doing anything new or different, I think we're going to continue to try to run these businesses as best we can, be as disciplined as we can on the capital front, be smart and thoughtful relative to some of the other obligations like pension, as you've seen us, relative to the plan design and some of the settlement options. So I'm not sure they're necessarily new plays per se, but we'll continue to look at every -- in every option available to continue to strengthen the company, strengthen the balance sheet, bring those leverage levels down in the face of COVID-19. Carolina, I'm sorry, I jumped in there. Anything to add there?

Yes. And I -- but I think to that, I mean it's just important for us all to remember, we ended the quarter with $47 billion of liquidity on the back of the BioPharma action and some of the other things that we have done. So we'll continue to be nimble and flexible, mindful of our obligations and our reality.

Julian, I would say that...

Yes. With respect to working capital, I think our primary challenge is really inventory at Aviation, right? We came into this year knowing we were going to have to adjust to a different schedule with the MAX, chasing the step-up at Airbus with the 320neo while dealing with a good bit of past due on the commercial side, both OE and aftermarket, while having pretty good military demand to contend with. That all gets reset here. And one of the real pressures we saw from a cash flow perspective was in inventory at Aviation in the quarter. So that's where we're going to be most focused, trying to make sure that we reduce the delinquencies, adjust to reduce production schedules, the lower aftermarket requirements, while continuing to take care of the military business. That's a complex supply chain undertaking. But the team, as you can imagine, is keenly focused on using some of the lean tools, working with our supply base to make sure that we not only take the cost out of the business but bring those inventory levels down in light of current demand.

Sorry, Julian. Is there a second part to your question? I may have missed that. I think we have a little bit of delay here.

I understand the high-level dynamic there that you're alluding to. I think right now, the simple reality of Aviation, given the pressures and the crosscurrents, is that it is a negative and we need to work to improve it. How much of a tailwind could it be kind of at this point in the cycle, I think it's too early to tell. We've got to get on the improvement path first, Julian, to be able to take that potential and deliver it in the financials as a reality.

Well, I think you have to take it business by business, right? If you look at what happened in Power, clearly, the pushout by customers, because of their own site restrictions and by us on the back of the travel restrictions, really pushed a lot of high-margin revenue out of the quarter and probably out of the first half. That was on top of some cost pressures of our own making, which we need to improve upon. But I think in Power, I believe that the team is doing a very nice job working off the so-called inheritance taxes, driving real cost improvements. You see that in the headcount reductions here in the first quarter. And as we get to a more normalized service environment, I think you'll continue to see that turnaround continue to take flight. I think in Renewables, Julian, it's a different dynamic. Yes, we had phenomenal revenue growth in the quarter, double the onshore turbine deliveries here in the U.S., got a little bit better price, about a point of price, which is encouraging to see. But it is, by nature, a very low gross margin business. So the growth isn't high calorie. Unfortunately, we had a few, what we think are one-offs, but they're not one-offs until they go away permanently, cost and execution issues. All the while, the turnarounds in hydro and grid are, I think, moving forward, but it's early days. And they have a number of inheritance taxes that will take a few years to work through. 
So I think the cost actions that we have talked about today will accelerate those turnarounds in Power and Renewables. They're dealing with different dynamics in the respective businesses. And that's really why I think I have the confidence to say that you should expect the decremental margin sequentially to improve, that the restructuring and the cost actions should present themselves and improve decrementals in the back half. But we've got work to do to make that happen.

Yes. I think what we're trying to share this morning, Nigel, is that -- probably 3 things. One, we've been very -- we've been hit hard and fast here, right, in some of our most important, highest-margin businesses, be it Aviation, in services particularly, Gas Power services, PDx and Healthcare. We think that, that gets worse before it gets better particularly here in the second quarter with a full effect. It's uncertain as to how things play out from here. We're going to acknowledge that uncertainty, hence the pulling of the guide, but we're not going to sit back and hope that it all passes. We're not going to take the view that we've got a sharp rebound coming, hence the $2 billion of cost actions we've talked about and the $3 billion of cash actions. We're going to do everything we possibly can to control our destiny here without impairing the long-term value and the long-term trajectory of our company. So we're telling you what we know today. We wish we knew more but that is really the state of play right now and the approach, the headset that we're taking to it.

Well, we certainly -- I think the key thing to keep in mind, Nigel, is -- the big iron certainly got hit. The lower ticket, the lower price points, be it patient monitors, ventilators and the like, certainly got quite a boost. But it's a small part of the business. So there was a little bit of mix there but not a lot. It was really more a function, frankly, of the team doing a nice job more broadly, recognizing that absent BioPharma, we needed to tend to the core cost structure in all its form in the ACS business, right? We've been growing Healthcare, BioPharma leading the way. We got some good margin support from that business the last several years. Well, now as we think about the $17 billion core, the teams really, I think, put their sights the last couple of quarters on growing that business, growing it with accretive margins. And it's really the cumulative effect that I think you see a bit here in the first quarter before we got hit. They got hit a little bit later, not as much. You'll see more of that unfortunately here in the second quarter. But I think you've got a team who thinks that like many other med tech companies, they can grow mid -- or low to mid-single digits over time and put more digital into the mix, better costs. That should give us the opportunity to grow with accretive margins along the lines of what Kieran laid out in December. And I have no less conviction about their ability to do that today than we did when we made that presentation, again, mindful that we've got some gyrations here in the near term to deal with.

Deane, maybe I'll take the first part of that and perhaps Carolina can take the second. I think we are mindful, ever mindful that there will be a recovery, right? And we want to be well positioned for it because it's going to be a very good business for GE for decades. But I think we are really trying to, again, embrace our reality and take the cost actions in the aftermarket business and more broadly, at Aviation, mindful that we've got a period of time here of an unknown duration, but it's not going to be measured in months, right, where that business is going to be under considerable pressure. So after a period of time, as the aftermarket has grown as it has the last decade, this is going to give us an opportunity to rethink, to consolidate all the while mindful of our obligations to customers, the nature of how the footprint has changed, the changes that are probably still coming. So there are a number of variables. It's very much a work in progress as well. But I think we've got line of sight to build on some of the temporary actions to take permanent action, to make sure that we have a lean cost structure with adequate capacity to come out of the downturn here, well positioned to perform both for customers and for investors.

Go ahead, Carolina.