Steve, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll begin with an overview of our first quarter performance and an update on our strategic priorities. Jamie will cover the quarter in greater detail and then we'll take you through segment performance and I'll wrap up before we go to questions. 
To start, as we said in March on our outlook call, 2019 is a reset year for GE as we make decisions and investments that will position us well for the long term but will have near-term impact on our financial performance, particularly our cash flows. And while we have made some progress in the first quarter, delivering results ahead of our own expectations, especially on industrial free cash flows, this is largely due to timing of certain orders and customer collections we expected later in the year. 
You know as well as I do that 1 quarter is a data point, not a trend. The guidance we provided a month ago remains unchanged. It's early in the year and this is 1 quarter in a multiyear transformation. In total, we are confident in our ability to deliver on our full year expectations that we laid out for you last month during the outlook call. We continue to believe that our 2020 and 2021 financial results will be meaningfully better. 
With respect to the quarter, orders were up 9% organically due to strength in Power, Aviation and Oil & Gas. Industrial revenue was up 5% organically driven by growth in each segment, except for Power. Industrial operating margins contracted 160 points -- 160 basis points organically, driven by declines in Power, Renewable Energy and Aviation. And all of this resulted in adjusted EPS of $0.14 and GAAP continuing EPS of $0.11. 
Our adjusted industrial free cash flow was a negative $1.2 billion, which was significantly better than our expectations. In Power and Aviation, orders and customer collections came through earlier than we had anticipated. While there were puts and takes, these timing items should balance out over the remainder of 2019. We had higher earnings than we expected and saw some improvements in execution. But again, it's early. I'll talk to this in more detail when I cover our strategic priorities on the next slide. 
Throughout the remainder of this year, we will make significant investments in our future, such as restructuring, which will be second half-loaded. As we said on the outlook call, we have not planned for perfection, meaning we have built in general contingencies to cover potential shortfalls related to market and execution risks. However, the grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX was not included in our original planning and presents a new risk. 
With respect to the MAX, first, let me express our deepest condolences to the families and friends of all those lost in the tragic accidents in Indonesia and Ethiopia. The flying public's confidence in the safety of flight is the foundation of the aviation industry. And we all take that responsibility as paramount. 
We have a strong partnership with Boeing. We are confident in the 737 MAX aircraft. We are working closely with Boeing through the recertification process. And while the planes are on the ground, we are conducting proactive scheduled maintenance on the engines. The timing of the MAX's return to service is uncertain, and we are carefully managing our own operations accordingly. 
Turning to Slide 3. This is a game of inches and we have a long way to go. Yet we've made some progress in the first quarter on our 2 strategic priorities. We've taken actions to improve our financial position. This includes the announcement of the sale of BioPharma to Danaher, which results in about $20 billion of cash proceeds and gives us flexibility and optionality on our remaining Healthcare business, as well as the closing of GE Transportation, which delivered $2.9 billion in cash while retaining approximately 25% stake in Wabtec, which we intend to monetize over time beginning in the second quarter. 
At GE Capital, we completed $1 billion of capital asset reductions. We paid down $2 billion of external debt and closed the MUFG transaction in the quarter. We've ended the quarter in a strong liquidity position with more than $30 billion of cash in Industrial and Capital combined. We still have work to do, but we are committed to running GE on a stronger financial foundation. 
Our other strategic priority is strengthening the businesses, starting with Power. We're focused on running more empowered, accountable businesses that connect our operating plans to our customers' successes. The Power turnaround is in the early stages as we adjust to market realities, move past some nonoperational headwinds and improve our daily execution. 
In our operating reviews, on our plant floors and at our job sites, I see plenty of improvement opportunities and frankly take encouragement from the early signs of progress, such as deep assessments that are candid about where we're winning and losing, a reemergence of lean in all that we do and a conviction on the part of this team that we can improve and we will win. We also booked about 4.5 gigawatts of equipment orders at Gas Power in the quarter. These orders are primarily U.S. contracts at good margins. 
In Aviation and Healthcare, we're playing offense. And we saw continued order strength with Aviation up 7% and Healthcare Systems up 5%. In Renewable Energy, we're managing through the PTC cycle, which is creating cash headwinds at the business this year. But all the while, we continue to invest for the long term with our next-generation offshore and onshore wind platforms, the Haliade-X & Cypress. And in Capital, we continue to derisk the portfolio. We settled the DOJ FIRREA investigation of WMC for $1.5 billion and completed our insurance statutory cash flow test and the $1.9 billion funding in line with our plan. 
Stepping back, GE has important, meaningful businesses operating from positions of strength. We have exceptional technology in which we continue to invest with a valuable installed base and recurring revenue streams. Today, our installed base of approximately 70,000 aircraft engines, 7,000 gas and aero turbines as well as more than 4 million Healthcare Systems and 40,000 onshore wind turbines, all of which help drive over 50% of our revenues, which come from supporting and servicing that installed base. Our digital team continues to unlock the value of that installed base by turning machine data into powerful insights and outcomes for GE businesses and our customers. 
Our backlog today stands at $374 billion, up 6% from a year ago. We have a global network of close customer relationships and a highly respected brand. Most importantly, we have a capable team showing grit, resilience and commitment. So we made some progress in the quarter. But as I said, it's just 1 quarter in a multiyear journey. With better execution and a stronger balance sheet, we'll continue over time to create sustainable shareholder value. 
And with that, I'll hand it over to Jamie to go through the quarter in greater detail.

Jamie, thanks. You'll recall that most of Slide 9 was what we shared with you back on March 14 during our outlook call. We stand by our full year guidance. And as we have discussed, much of our first quarter performance had to do with timing. The only new news on this slide is the addition of the 737 MAX as a key variable, which we are monitoring closely. 
Our industrial businesses have strong fundamentals, which gives me confidence that we can make them better cash generators. We expect free cash flow to return to positive territory next year and accelerate thereafter in 2021 as the headwinds diminish and our operational improvements yield results. 
Longer term, as I've said previously, from an aspirational perspective, we should see the opportunity over time for our free cash flow margins to be at least double the mid single-digit rate that we saw in 2018. While 2019 is a reset, it will be one of intensity, focus and transparency with all of you. We are committed to creating value for our employees, our customers and our shareholders. Thanks for your continued interest in GE. 
With that, we'll open the line for questions.

Scott, I have -- I've been out a good bit here of late. That's the beauty of being on the other side of outlook. You get to spend more time with the businesses. Seeds is probably the right way to frame it. Somebody shared with me as, I've been poking around here a little bit, that lean, in certain quarters, has been a 4-letter word over time. But as I've seen a number of our facilities, what I've been very impressed by is some of the legacy lean expertise around 5S, around good flow within a line or a cell and frankly within a facility. But there's a lot of opportunity inside of those 4 walls, particularly with respect to how we integrate more broadly outside of any one site with our vendors, and with our other facilities in any one of our segments. 
So in fact, I'm going to have a number of our lean leaders in for a half day on Wednesday of this week to really go through a little bit more of the history, understand, get their perspective on what needs to be different this time around to really drive an approach here that teaches, motivates but ultimately not only drives the results but informs the culture. And we certainly have, I think, the business imperatives with respect to cash and as importantly quality and delivery for our customers to get us motivated to get after this. So the seeds are there. We just need to water them and nurture them. And I think you'll see over time, and our customers will see over time, a real impact. But as you know, none of that really happens overnight. That in itself is a journey, but one we're going to be on here shortly.

Scott, I suspect both dynamics are in play, right? I got a chance to go down to Pensacola, one of our key renewable facilities here in the U.S., sent a little note out to the organization in terms of what I saw. The response I got was really encouraging in terms of just how many people appreciated not only the visit but the observations and what it could mean more broadly. But we don't take anybody for granted. We know we still have to make sure our value proposition for our team is as robust as the one we've tried to craft for investors. So that is -- that, too, is a work in process.

Hang on. It was actually hard -- you broke up a little bit.

Right. Well, actually, I think our -- right. I think our exposure is as you frame it. And obviously, we share that exposure with our joint venture partner, Safran. I think they were talking the other day about a EUR 200 million exposure in the second quarter if things stay as they are and we probably have something in that same range as a headwind with respect to our own business or our own side of the JV in the second quarter. Part -- we can handle some of that. But again, I think what we try to do is just make sure people understand, no news obviously, that, that's a fluid situation with some uncertainties. While we have given ourselves a little bit of room with the annual guide, none of us know for certain how that's going to play out. And we just wanted to flag that accordingly.

Well, I mean, I would just say we don't think of it as remainco. Obviously, the BioPharma business is a wonderful franchise and will be in what I believe to be good hands on the other side of the sale. But our go-forward Healthcare business is an exceptionally strong franchise. I think you see that in the first quarter print. But I think more importantly, we sit really at the heart of precision health. That gives us organic optionality, let alone inorganic optionality. 
As we get into our operating reviews, I'm really encouraged by what I see both in terms of performance around our KPIs operationally and commercially but frankly what Kieran and company are framing as some of our improvement potential. I've been to 2 of their sites, back to what Scott was poking at, frankly a lot of opportunity for lean in those businesses, particularly with respect to quality and delivery-oriented improvements. So we're excited about that business as part of GE. And we'll play it forward in the way that best serves our customers and shareholders. So stay tuned.

Well, I think that we probably will refrain from trying to quantify the size of the contingency, just to keep it as a contingency, right? But we're encouraged by the start to the year, Deane, on cash. Again given that we've got a fair bit of positive timing effects here, that will balance out. We can safely conclude our contingency is effectively in hand. A little bit of pressure here, as I highlighted, given what we know here in the second quarter around MAX. We'll see how the second half plays out. We don't have all of that baked in. But we don't want to necessarily bring excuses forward. We want to deliver results. And that's the mindset that we've got here.

Sure, Nigel. Let me give you a little bit of color there. I think if we look at orders, we were encouraged, though not satisfied. The order book was up slightly. Revenues were down. And that was largely a function of mix. Good underlying volume, but frankly some of the higher price point outages were down year-on-year. A good bit of noise in the margins there. But when I look at it operationally, we were up slightly. So I think Scott and company would say some progress, a long way to go here, both with respect to the top line and delivering on the improved pricing we're seeing in that order book. It's one thing to write that order with better pricing. We need to execute on it to see that really play out in the margins. But a decent start, I'd say, to '19.

Well, I would say, Nigel, if we put a 3-year timetable on it, it would no longer be aspirational, right? It would be a mid-term outlook. But I think -- I just see strong performance in a number of parts of the company but also the signs that cash has not always been a priority. Part of what I think we're seeing in Power and part of what we're working on elsewhere is to make sure that when we go cut deals to drive and fill the order book, that we're thinking about the cash over the life cycle of that order, right, because we want to get paid and we'd like to get paid sooner rather than later. We've talked a little bit about lean. I don't want to make this a teach-in on lean. But there are a lot of opportunities to improve our free cash flow as that becomes more part of our fabric. And that will have positive impact, I think, for customers as well as it will for us. 
When you get into the real flow in a supply chain, there are opportunities, particularly as we deal with our vendors and with each other in a more integrated pull-oriented way. I was at a facility recently talking about or asking about Kanban. Somebody said, "What's that?" You can take that 2 different ways. I took that as a good thing. That's an opportunity to drive more pull -- more flow into the facilities. But first things first, right? We need to deliver on what we said back in March relative to this year. Nobody's proud of the fact that cash flow number is probably going to have parentheses around it. But it is what it is. Next year, we need to walk in with line of sight on positive free cash and then a significant uptick in '21. So I think for today, we'll keep the aspirations aspirational. And maybe with a little bit more progress, we can dial that in a little bit more tightly.

Well, I think that all of that comes together, right, to see the 3 H orders that we got in the first quarter, we got a couple more here in April, really suggests the U.S. market -- which we thought would be better than, I think, some allowed -- came in at the start of the year better than we had anticipated. Looks like our share position will be somewhere in the 40% range when that comes out. So I think by and large -- again, we don't want to get too excited -- those were orders we were aiming to get, we just got them earlier. But that's all good. And because it's a U.S.-based order book on balance, that is part of what we are referring to in terms of the risk. But I just want to highlight that in the org structure that we put in place in Gas Power, where we're running at less -- we're running with, if you will, less borders within the business, the regions really are more integrated. 
And we're trying to drive process so that we are more mindful about the margin and the degree of difficulty which translates into risk around any of these projects, whether they're close to Schenectady or a long way from home. So that, too, is not something that happens overnight. But I think given what we've seen here at the beginning of the year, we're encouraged by that. And as we go through our monthly operating reviews with Scott and the team, as we get into some of the process improvements, the lean activity, both with respect to how we write these deals and execute on the projects, let alone the service side with the outages, I think you'll see better execution over time.

Well, I'm not sure we would really point to too many high-impact material process improvements in terms of capital or at least working capital at this point. But that said, there's a lot that we still want to do from a restructuring perspective. I think that's why despite their start to the year, which was far better than we had anticipated, we're hanging on the full year guidance because we want to make sure we not only give ourselves the latitude to do all that we can to adjust the cost structure here. I don't want anyone to think that this is a risk-free segment for us at this point because we got off to a good start in a few places.

I'm sorry, Andrew, on...

I wouldn't say that we've seen anything material in terms of the underlying budget scopes that we see on balance with our domestic customers. For us, it's really about execution on the CS side -- CSA side of the service book and just executing better, as we alluded to earlier, on the transaction side, not only in terms of our customer outreach visibility, still I think south of 90% today, getting a little bit better each quarter, let alone our share. I know that's a high priority for Scott as he walks into the second quarter.

Kevin would be thrilled to know that you were asking about this. For those that don't know Kevin, Kevin Cox is our new Senior Vice President for Human Resources, direct report to me. Kevin, a top HR executive in his field, came to us from American Express, grew up at Pepsi, seen a lot of change, seen a lot of challenge. We're thrilled to have him. He's still, I think, inside his 100-day tour of the company. So what we try to do with new people is give them as much time to get their bearings. So it's -- Kevin hasn't laid out his answer to this question necessarily to the internal team, let alone the Board. He's on the June meeting docket. 
So I'll just not get into too much detail other than to allude to some of these cultural dynamics that we highlighted in our prepared remarks, right? There's a lot that we can do in terms of our formal processes and systems to drive the cultural change that we aspire to. And one of the reasons I wanted Kevin here on this team is he has done that and is very keen to be a part of that here at GE. So somebody we're excited to have on the team and we'll certainly make sure that as time progresses, we give investors exposure to Kevin and what we're doing on, if you will, the softer side of the transformation here.

Yes, I don't think we've made any macro call here with respect to the guide in March, let alone the confirmation here today. I mean, if anything, from a macro perspective, clearly we've got the PTC dynamic in Renewables. But otherwise, we're really assuming more of a steady state in our served markets. Obviously, passenger miles is a strong indicator for us in Aviation. That looks good. Power is in its own cycle. Healthcare tends to be somewhat resilient as well. So I really can't think of anything other than PTC in terms of a sequential external lift that we're going to get.