Steve, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll start off with some thoughts on our performance and our strategic priorities, then Jamie will cover the quarter in detail before I wrap with our updated outlook. 
Overall, our third quarter results reflect 1 more quarter's worth of in our multiyear transformation of GE. Orders were down 1% organically year-over-year due to tough comps at Power and lower LEAP orders at Aviation in part due to the 737 MAX grounding. We ended with backlog of $386 billion, up 14% year-over-year. This comprises equipment of $80 billion, up 4%; and services of $306 billion, up 17%. We delivered strong Industrial segment organic revenue growth of 7% with growth across all businesses, except Power where Gas Power was up but Power Portfolio is down. 
We also delivered adjusted Industrial operating margin expansion of 130 basis points driven by Healthcare and better controls at Power relative to last year. While margins are down 130 basis points organically year-to-date, we continue to expect to hit our full year margin expansion target. 
Industrial free cash flow turned positive, generating $650 million in the quarter though down $500 million from a year ago. This is ahead of our expectations largely driven by continued Power stabilization and better-than-expected progress on the supply chain finance transition. We're raising our Industrial free cash flow outlook again today, which I'll cover in more detail later. 
There were a few significant developments in the quarter, including a number of deleveraging actions that I'll talk to shortly. We ceded majority control of Baker Hughes, which resulted in a pretax loss of $8.7 billion. We completed our annual insurance premium deficiency test, resulting in a pretax charge of $1 billion, mostly driven by the low interest rate environment. 
And finally, we completed our annual goodwill test, recognizing a noncash impairment charge of $740 million at Hydro, a renewable energy business we acquired from Alstom. So a number of steps to mitigate risk and clean up the GE portfolio. 
But make no mistake, we still have work to do. At Power, we're focused on daily management, improving transactional services and cost-out initiatives. At Renewable Energy, we're focused on the significant delivery ramp, turning around Hydro and Grid and overall better project execution. Across these 2 businesses as well as corporate, we're investing in restructuring, and our expected cost savings remain on track. We're also moving the center of gravity from corporate to the businesses, a notable cultural shift for GE. 
Moving to Slide 3. We're doing what we said we would do. In 2019, we've been hyper-focused on our 2 strategic priorities. First, we're improving GE's financial position, and we've taken a number of actions on this front in the quarter. At Industrial, we sold a portion of our Baker Hughes stake for approximately $3 billion of proceeds, and we exited Wabtec, bringing in another $1.6 billion. Year-to-date, we've collected $9 billion of proceeds. And at Capital, we announced the PK AirFinance sale. We started putting that cash to work with a $5 billion Industrial debt tender, and we recently announced important but difficult changes to our U.S. pension plan that will reduce our Industrial net debt by $4 billion to $6 billion. 
Second, we're running our businesses better with an eye toward unlocking the value that clearly exists in GE's portfolio. On that front, at Power, we continue to see signs of stabilization due to better project discipline and execution. Specifically at Gas Power, organic revenue was up 3%, and we hit a major milestone with over 100th HA turbine order in the quarter. We reduce reported fixed cost 9% year-to-date as we rightsized the business for our market realities. 
At Renewable Energy, we're well positioned to capitalize on the energy transition. Orders and revenues were up double digits again as we delivered approximately 1,400 turbines and repower kits in the quarter. We're seeing strength in international orders and order pricing continues to improve. We signed the first commercial deployment of Haliade-X and our largest Cypress order to date. 
At Aviation, we have a strong global franchise with an installed base of nearly 70,000 engines. Service revenues in the quarter were up 7%, and we expanded our win rate on aircraft engine selection to 62% on the A320neo. While we're managing the portfolio renewal, we're still on track to deliver 20% segment margins this year. And CFM is working closely with Boeing and our carrier customers to ensure the safe return to service of the 737 MAX. 
In Healthcare, we're operating at the center of precision health. We're driving new innovation, enabling our customers to improve patient and operational outcomes. For example, we received the industry's first FDA clearance to embed AI apps on a medical device for triage in our critical care suite this quarter. We also continue to expand margins, which were up 90 basis points organically driven by both volume and cost productivity. 
I'd like to take a moment here to mention GE Digital. This business remains within the GE family of growing an important P&L in its own right within corporate, which will serve customers in Power, Grid, Oil & Gas and select manufacturing industries. Under the new leadership of Pat Byrne, the team is refining its focus to leverage GE's first-mover investments in industrial software and analytics to be an important contributor to our customers' digital futures. 
During the quarter, a couple of changes in the way we're operating really began to take root. And while their impact is not yet visible to investors, I'm optimistic that it will be over time. 
First, our lean transformation is underway. One of the most pleasant surprises for me has been that once I began to talk more about lean, especially after our leadership event in Greenville in June, a flood of people deep in the organization began reaching out, raising their hands, looking to help. I was at our Lynn, Massachusetts military engine plant recently and heard operators following an Action Work-Out talk passionately about how lean triggers cultural change and greater accountability. In a different lean event recently at our MR production facility in Florence, South Carolina, teams identified $50 million of potential savings in just 4 days. And lean goes well beyond manufacturing. GECAS, for example, is using lean to reduce turnaround time when transitioning an airplane from one lessor to another, which will save our customers money and improve our on-time delivery. 
The opportunities at GE are endless, which is why the second change, our strategy reviews, is so important. This quarter, we held sessions with each of our businesses designed to answer 2 fundamental questions: What game are we playing? And how do we win? These were multiday sessions, not flybys, with robust debates about strategy and priorities aimed at growing our top line, expanding margins, generating cash and delivering innovation and customer satisfaction for our customers. Over time, our lean Action Work-Outs will be targeted to our strategic objects and will channel the interest, the enthusiasm and skill that exists within these walls right now toward driving improved and sustainable results. 
So in summary, the hard work continues. And from the inside, I'm seeing the improvements I wanted to see when we started on this path a year ago, improvements that will yield long-term results for all of GE stakeholders. 
Jamie, I'll turn it over to you.

Jamie, thanks. Moving on to Slide 11. I'll first refer back that the broader dynamics discussed in our original 2019 outlook. 
Top of mind is Power execution and returning the business to profitability while working through legacy items. At Renewable Energy, we're focused on delivering through the PTC cycle while managing a number of legacy projects and nonoperational items. At Aviation and Healthcare, we see continued strength in both franchises yet we're intensely focused on running them even better. 
Recall our raised outlook at the half for revenue, EPS and free cash flow was largely due to better Power performance and lower restructuring and interest expense. As mentioned earlier, we've deconsolidated Baker Hughes. This lowers our EPS forecast by $0.05 and our restructuring expense forecast by about $200 million with no material change to our outlook for organic growth margin expansion or Industrial free cash flow. To help you digest the changes from our original guidance to our guidance today, we've included a detailed walk in the appendix. 
Reflecting on 3 quarters of results, many of the trends highlighted in the second quarter still hold. We see evidence of Power stabilizing, but we're working through a number of nonoperational headwinds there. Aviation is negatively impacted by the MAX grounding, and that has largely been offset by timing-related items. Restructuring across our segments is running lower than anticipated. Healthcare is performing well. 
As it pertains to earnings, we're keeping our EPS outlook at $0.55 to $0.65 even after adjusting for Baker Hughes, which is largely due to GE Capital earnings. For Industrial free cash flow, we're raising our full year outlook to breakeven to positive $2 billion. Compared to our original outlook, we've seen Power stabilize, lower restructuring and interest expense and better management of headwinds. Since the midyear point, we've progressed on the supply chain finance transition, which has had a minimal impact, and Aviation is stronger than expected due to lower allowance and discount payments this year and higher service billings, which has largely offset the year-to-date impact of approximately $1 billion from the 737 MAX grounding. 
On restructuring, our expected cost-out benefits remain unchanged, but cash and expense will be lower due to a mix of timing on certain projects, attrition versus severance that allows us to reduce costs, and executing some projects at lower cost than initially planned. Next up in our operating rhythm is finalizing our 2020 budgets, where we'll continue to evaluate additional restructuring opportunities but only where the economics make sense. 
All in all, we're encouraged by our progress in this reset year. But it's still early in the multiyear transformation of GE. We have more work to do to deliver our desired level of sustainable and growing free cash flow. 
Moving to Slide 12. This year, we're executing against our priorities and our lean transformation is gaining traction. As we've discussed, we're raising our Industrial free cash flow guidance again. For the remainder of the year, our watch items are largely the same: sustain macro volatility, trade and tariffs, the 737s MAX and interest rates. 
To close, I'd like to share some thoughts, now being a year into this job. GE is a company with vast industrial strength due to our team, our technology and our global network. In the last 4 quarters alone, our Industrial segment organic revenue growth has averaged 6%. Our global installed base allows us to be in close daily contact with customers, helping them solve important problems that they are facing, services which turn drive half of our revenue. 
This positions us well, especially against the backdrop of an uncertain global economy. When we think about the relationships GE enjoys around the world, which are really thanks to the hard work of our team, the leading nature of our technologies and our uniquely rich history and brand, combined with the opportunities we see in the marketplace, let alone those inside the company to improve results and invest in growth, we see considerable value that is within our power to unlock. I'm more optimistic today than I was a year ago that we can deliver it, and I'm confident that in 2020 and in 2021, we'll see meaningfully better performance for GE as a whole. 
So with that, Steve?

Sure. Andrew, I don't think we tried to talk about renewables more or less than any of our 4 big Industrial segments. Obviously, renewables is an important business. You saw earlier in the week, the IEA come out with a forecast that would suggest the renewables space could be a $1 trillion business over the next couple of decades. Significant opportunity from a top line perspective. But as you point out, we need to deliver better profitability amidst the growth we're enjoying today, let alone growth that's down the road. 
When I look at the quarter in renewables, we saw margins down a little over 2%, down 500 basis points year-over-year. You break that down, I think what we saw really was a fair bit of encouraging news in terms of the way the team was delivering, the step-up in volume, particularly onshore here in the U.S. and some of the progress that we're making on our cost productivity programs. 
That said, that was fundamentally offset by a number of the legacy issues that we referenced in the prepared remarks and the consolidation of the Alstom JVs. So from there, we're really wrestling with the pricing headwinds, which I think are, again, improving but not with today's shipments, unfortunately. We saw 100 basis points of pressure due to tariffs, and we continue, frankly, to have opportunities to execute on a number of projects better. So that's why those margins are down. But in terms of those things that we can control, so that this can be a positive margin business in line with others in the renewables space, particularly in wind, I think we, over the next several years, should be able to demonstrate not only better margins, but in turn, better cash performance.

Yes. And Steve, I think if you step back, right, you all know early in the life of a new engine program, we're going to see spares represent roughly 10% of sales. We'll see that at the tail end of the program. I'd say everyone is focused on a safe return to service, which puts a little bit more focus there. So that's why you see the step-up here in the back half relative to the sales of spares to GECAS and others. Obviously, the benefit we take in Aviation is eliminated at the corporate level, so it effectively washes. But that's really what you're seeing. 
As we think about 2020, I think we're going to try to follow Boeing's lead here when we talk about the full year cash headwinds this year due to MAX that, obviously, assumes that we don't see a return to service this year. That's just, I think, a conservative financial planning assumption we took on the last quarterly update. But as you can well appreciate, we're working very closely with Boeing, very closely with our carrier customers to prepare for that safe return to service, not only with respect to the planes and the engines that have been delivered, but those that are in inventory or on the production line today.

Sure, sure. Well, let me take those in reverse order, Deane. As you know, when we talk about renewables, the bulk of our revenue today comes from our onshore wind business. I think we like the renewables space broadly, and we're really trying to fortify the position we have, both in offshore wind, you see that with the step-up in R&D, the introduction of the Haliade-X but also other aspects, including Hydro, where frankly, the businesses isn't operating to its full potential today. 
So it's more of a project-oriented business. It's a small $1 billion-rich P&L within renewables today, where we clearly are paying off those inheritance taxes, which we've referenced through the course of the year. We think Hydro can perform in line, if not better than competitors there. But there's work to do. We've got new leadership in place, and when we were with the team several weeks ago, reviewing the strategic outlook for the business in Paris, I think they see Hydro as an important business relative to our overall renewables offering, particularly in certain parts of the world where hydropower is and/or -- is and will be a part of the energy transition. 
With respect to the Power Portfolio, Deane, as you know, we really have 3 businesses there. We have our steam business, our nuclear business and Power Conversion. Clearly, when you look at the quarter, both from an equipment and a services perspective, we saw pressure. I think Jenny went through that in his prepared remarks. Clearly, a tough comp in equipment, both in steam and nuclear and we are seeing some service pressure both -- in both of those businesses. Some of that is timing-related, some of that it's just where those businesses that hit again in the energy transition. 
I think we're encouraged by what we see in Power Conversion. I give Russell Stokes here a ton of credit. Russell has jumped in. He's running that business himself in addition to looking after the rest of the portfolio, running a new CFO from the outside, Glenn Ferguson. There's a lot that's underway as they look to manage that business closer to the customer while taking a good bit of cost out. 
So there's a lot of work to do here, Deane, in nuclear, given the challenges there, particularly in places like Japan. We talked about steam power conversion. But I think the team is making good progress. You don't see it so much in these equipment and service numbers, but I think as we go into 2020, you're going to see improved margin and cash performance from these businesses, ex the legacy Alstom-related issues.

You better believe it, Scott, and I think the team understands that we're going to have a different profile in Healthcare when we are on the other side of the biopharma transaction. But that said, I think there's a lot of conviction on Kieran and the team's part, myself as well, with what we'll have on a go-forward basis, right? Here we have a $17 billion revenue business, smack in the middle of most of that matters in health care delivery today. As you point out, mid-teens margins; good, I think, routines there with respect to driving productivity to offset price; good cash conversion. But there is no way in which this business is optimized, right? There's a lot we can do from a lean perspective here. That's why referenced the Florence facility event a few weeks ago. I think that is going to help us improve quality, improve delivery. We should see not only expense but, frankly, cash come out of that business and drive better conversion. I think if we can be smarter about where we invest, we don't have to see all that savings be spent away. Clearly, over time, you're going to see us remix this business more toward the digital, that's why referenced the AI progress with the FDA around the critical care offering. Services is an area where I think we see opportunity as well. 
So going forward, I think the teams will be very focused on making sure that this is as good a business as any GE business. And given what I know about the space, Scott, I seen no reason why this can't be a much stronger, more vibrant part of our company. And I hope you'll see that in Chicago when we have the Investor Day that Steve referenced in conjunction with RSNA.

Jeff, I would say on restructuring, what you're really seeing is sort of 3 things: one, the timing dynamic that you referenced, I think we are in a number of places foregoing severance in light of some attrition, which gives us an opportunity to reduce the spend, maintain the return, and then just a host of other restructuring projects where whether we plan conservatively or delivering more effectively, we're getting a better return for our dollar. So I'm encouraged by that. 
With respect to timing, what that refers to specifically are the ongoing conversations and discussions that we're having in Europe with the various constituencies involved in Power. And more broadly, I think we set ourselves up to work through that during the course of the year. I think at this point, you may see some of that expense this year. It clearly will be a cash pull in 2020 and beyond. I'm not sure we're in a position to quantify that specifically today for you as those conversations are ongoing, but that's really what's happening. 
We're going to continue to restructure. We'll see that. I think the quantum fade over time. But we want to make sure as we go through the 2020 budget process here in November, that every good opportunity, every good project gets a full hearing because we really want to play the long game here and set ourselves up for better margins and better cash.

Thanks, Jeff.

Yes. No, we certainly saw some softness there in the third quarter, Andy. Interestingly, it was more on private side than the public side of the marketplace. I think we are, in turn, planning conservatively here for the fourth quarter just given those trends and some of the uncertainty in China right now around the relatively more short-cycle nature of Healthcare broadly, certainly in our business. We have new leadership on the ground in China that is going. And Yihao Zhang is going through a number of changes in both the organization and some of our go-to-market activities. That'll take a little bit of time, I think, to put us on better competitive footing in country as well. So as we get into 2020, I'm hopeful that regardless of the macro there, we'll see better performance from the imaging business there.

I would just say with respect to the strategic question around Power Portfolio, it's important to remember that when you hear us talk about driving a lean transformation of these businesses, better upfront discipline around which projects we take on, how we price them, how we framed risk, let alone how we execute and how we support them in the aftermarket. But that is not necessarily a strategic call once and for all time, right? I think our view is, we wanted to make sure we had an integrated steam business, both equipment and services. That integration is underway, let alone the improvements that we've referenced. Our nuclear business is a business where we see the opportunity to expand margins, admittedly in a relatively flattish space. And Power Conversion is a turnaround I'm excited about, given the traction I see and our monthly reviews with Russell in the business. 
I think over time, those operational improvements will frankly expand the strategic optionality we have in and around each of those businesses, let alone the Power Portfolio as a whole. If and when we do something, we'll have that discussion internally before we have it publicly. But in the near term, this team's focused on making sure we deliver better performance, we have more options long term. And again, I'm encouraged by the progress that I see.

John, I think that, obviously, we didn't come into this year expecting what has played out in that regard. Again, our primary focus is to support Boeing and our carrier customers with respect to what they -- return to service. 
But with respect to the cash flows in this business, we had over $4 billion last year despite some of the MAX dynamics, as Jamie just outlined. I think we are encouraged by the work the team has done this year. And going forward, given our market leadership position, the installed base, the new engines we have coming online, not only commercially, but frankly, the growing military business that we have, the opportunities to drive lean at Aviation, particularly with respect to improving inventory turnover and on-time delivery, I just think there's a lot of potential here given the secular tailwinds in Aviation, our position in the space to build off this cash flow base that we delivered last year. And hopefully, we'll deliver this year for many years to come.

Josh, your -- if we just take those in reverse order, I would say that you're right. With the long-cycle nature of our business, right, I think the installed base, the backlog, half the business in the -- half the revenue in the aftermarket, we don't have a tremendous amount of near and short-cycle exposure. But clearly, whether -- pick the business, right, pick the newspaper. There's clearly a lot of concern out there as to where the economy is globally and what are we going to be dealing with in 2020. 
That said, as we look at our position in Aviation, absent the issues we talked about, I think we like a lot of what we see. Clearly, both at Power and at renewables, I think what's most relevant is where we are and how we play through the energy transition much more so than any economic pressure. And while there are some dynamics in and around Healthcare that I mentioned earlier, say in China, I think by and large, again, given the nature of Healthcare, while we have some short-cycle exposure to a degree, it's far less than most businesses. And as we go forward, I think we look at that 7% organic growth in the quarter, the 6% over the last 4, is evidence that even amidst the economic and political uncertainty that's out there, this is a portfolio with secular dynamics around it that on balance, should help us weather any storm that may come.

And remember, Josh, that we -- I think we said, even on the first quarter call, that one of the pleasant surprises is that the order book that we were anticipating materializing in Power, particularly Gas Power this year, looked like it was coming in earlier. So I think what you see a little bit relative to the year-on-year comp is just that: a strong first half, good year-to-date numbers and I think -- we think a year that, on balance, will come in as anticipated.