Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. 
GE delivered a strong second quarter with growth in orders, revenue and profit as well as positive free cash flow. Aerospace was the key driver and services remain a bright spot of performance. While this remains the toughest operating environment I've seen, I am proud of how the GE team is taking action to deliver. 
I'll start this morning with an update on our plans to launch our strong franchises as 3 independent investment-grade industry leaders. It's now been 259 days since we shared this intent. We're on track and making good progress. Just last week, we unveiled the new branding of our 3 companies: GE Aerospace, GE Healthcare and GE Vernova, which will comprise our portfolio of energy businesses, including renewable energy, power and digital. The names leverage GE's multibillion-dollar global brand and deep customer trust, giving us competitive advantage in our end markets.  
We also achieved several key milestones on the Healthcare spin, which will go first in early '23. We plan to file our confidential Form 10 shortly. Our team submitted its request for a private letter ruling to the IRS, an important step to achieve tax-free spin-off. We completed consultation with our European Works Council, allowing us to move forward with a number of critical employee actions globally, including adding key talent in support of the new company. We announced that GE Healthcare will trade on the NASDAQ, and I'm excited about the Board we're assembling for GE Healthcare and look forward to sharing more with you soon once finalized.  
We're focused on building out our leadership team broadly to support the success of each of the standalone businesses. I'm thrilled to now be leading a very talented team at Aerospace including John Slattery, who has been named Chief Commercial Officer; Russell Stokes, now leading Commercial Engines and Services, Amy Gowder, leading Military Systems; and Rahul Ghai, who will join us next month as the business' CFO. And just last week, we announced Eric Gray as the new CEO of GE Gas Power, part of GE Vernova. 
I'm thankful for how the dedicated GE team has strengthened our financial and operating performance while advancing the spin-off plans. And I'm confident in our path to create 3 companies that will be well positioned for long-term growth.  
So now let's turn to our results on Slide 3. I'm encouraged by the order revenue and profit growth and positive free cash we delivered this quarter despite continuing macro pressures. Orders were up 4%, supported by growth in both services and equipment. Aerospace led the way, up 26%. 
Revenue was up 5%, growing in 3 of our 4 segments. Aerospace was up double digits as the market recovery continued. Healthcare and Power were both up mid-single digits, and this was partially offset by Renewables, down double digits, reflecting lower U.S. volumes resulting from the PTC expiration as well as the business' international selectivity strategy. Our higher-margin services remained a bright spot, up double digits, led again by Aerospace.  
Collectively, supply chain and macro pressures adversely affected revenue by about 5 percentage points this quarter but eased slightly versus the previous quarter. 
Adjusted operating margin expanded 380 basis points, driven largely by higher services growth and our focus on pricing, with Aerospace and Power, sources of strength. Healthcare is stabilizing but still faces supply chain challenges and Renewables remains difficult.  
Adjusted EPS was up significantly, driven largely by Aerospace. Free cash flow was roughly $200 million and improved slightly year-over-year due to better adjusted earnings. This was offset by higher working capital tied to inventory build as we prepare for the second half ramp as well as work through the supply chain issues. 
Overall, this was a strong quarter for GE with orders, revenue, profit and cash all growing.  
Notwithstanding much is still uncertain about the external environment companies like GE are facing at the moment. We continue to trend toward the low end of our 2022 outlook on all metrics except cash. Working capital will be pressured as we protect customers from the impact of supply chain challenges as well as the timing of renewable energy-related orders, which together are likely to push out approximately $1 billion of free cash flow into the future. So fundamentally, a timing dynamic at work.  
We're just starting our annual strategy and budgeting cycle for 2023. We still expect to deliver significant year-over-year improvement in both profit and cash, but below our prior view. With the world evolving so quickly, we have to see how the next 6 months unfold and expect to provide you our 2023 outlook in the usual time frame at fourth quarter earnings.  
Turning to Slide 4, starting with Aerospace and Healthcare. While demand remains robust, delivery has been a challenge for us, for the industry broadly and for our suppliers. What differentiates us is our Lean foundation, which we've built over the last several years. 
In Aerospace, the industry is experiencing an unprecedented ramp as the pandemic eases coupled with labor and material shortages. The team and I spent time with our airframer and airline customers at the Farnborough Air Show just last week, talking about the need for predictability and stability across the entire ecosystem. We need to do better to deliver for our customers, and quality and delivery are our top priorities.  
Let me take a couple of minutes on the actions that we're taking. Starting with OE. On the left chart, you can see material issues trending, either from our suppliers or of our own making that are impacting production flow and ultimately, delivery. We recently allocated an additional 20% of our existing engineering team to help solve these issues faster. We're seeing impact moving parts along, but we need to do more and quickly, and we will. We're partnering with our suppliers holding kaizens at points of impact in their shops to help them reduce setup time, eliminate constraints, optimize transportation and improve overall flow to us. This is leading to increased supplier throughput, as much as 30% or more in some cases. Overall, we're seeing signs of improvement with engine output up sequentially. 
In services, we use work stops to measure how often we need to interrupt a shop visit due to a lack of resources, primarily from delayed repairs, castings, forgings or labor constraints. The curve was beginning to bend in May and June, reflecting our efforts to ramp labor and improve overhaul cycle time.  
Last month, we held kaizen events at multiple GE sites around the world. John, Russell, Amy and I were all in Wales at our GE Aerospace MRO facility, where we overhaul both the CFM56 and GE90 engines. As we work to improve turnaround time for a steep CFM56 ramp, the kaizen focused on increasing overhaul capabilities from 3 to 4 engines per week. 
What I saw across our 7 kaizen teams in Wales was Lean in action, a clear focus on waste elimination and continuous improvement. For example, operators on my team shared with me how they spent 45 minutes searching for parts for what is often a 60-minute operation. By removing this waste, we improved turnaround time at Wales by 3 to 5 days, about a 5% reduction. These examples are everywhere at GE. Each one further increases the efficiency of our operations and improves our pace of delivery to customers.  
In Healthcare, we continue to broaden and strengthen our supplier base and address inflation through price and cost actions. One way we monitor supply dynamics is through red flags, which identify the lines at risk of a shortage if not replenished within 10 days. The chart indicates our efforts are starting to yield improvements. But again, we need to do more. 
For example, responding to the COVID-19-related factory shutdown in Shanghai, our PDx team took fast action and we were able to operate at full capacity within 10 weeks. In the interim, our Cork, Ireland PDx team used a kaizen to increase capacity in the first step of producing contrast media solutions, which help doctors better image patients. They reduced cycle time by over 20% lifting capacity by about 5 million doses annually, critical in a shortage.  
Examples like these support our confidence for higher output in the second half and in 2023. The actions we're taking not only help clear today's backlogs but build what our customers want, more predictable, shorter cycle times going forward.  
Looking at GE Vernova. In Renewables, it's been a disappointing first half, and we're working intensely focused on stabilizing the business. We're working the fundamentals with Scott and his team leveraging the power playbook that has delivered improved profitability and increased cash over the last 3 years.  
First, given the U.S. political environment, we're taking a more conservative view of the market for the time being. You've heard us talk about sizing gas power for a 20 to 30 gigawatt market. In Renewables, we're taking a similar strategy, assuming GE onshore wind output of about 2,000 turbines per year. One key difference in onshore, we aren't sizing ourselves to the market. We're sizing ourselves based on our refocused efforts on select geographies where we believe we can grow and grow profitably. 
Lean and decentralization are core to the strategy. In Power, our first step was to decentralize, removing headquarters and other layers and driving full accountability closer to the customer. Using Lean, the team has implemented our live outage program that many of you saw firsthand in Greenville last March.  
At Renewables, we're embedding similar principles, starting with reorganizing grid into 3 P&Ls and integrating horizontal functions such as commercial and services vertically into the businesses.  
Next, scope selectivity, stronger commercial underwriting and a focus on pricing has enabled Power to reduce risk and offset rising costs. We're turning to price escalation in our long-term service agreements where appropriate, and we're updating our project cost estimates more frequently to reflect our current reality. 
In Renewables, while it won't be enough to offset the significant inflation pressure, we are making progress. Our pricing has substantially improved in onshore while continuing our focus on deal selectivity. Additionally, we're growing our higher-margin businesses, such as grid automation, which delivered double-digit orders growth. 
In Power, we continue to invest in gas and steam services productivity while focusing on product cost competitiveness. At Renewables, we've introduced several new products, which we are working down the cost curve. These are larger, more innovative technologies that need to be industrialized for large-scale production. We're also proactively deploying improvements to our fleet that will enable long-term reliable performance from these high-tech products.  
Fixed costs, frankly, a misnomer in my view because nothing is really fixed, is another critical element here. Over 3 years, we cut these costs in gas by approximately $1 billion. Based on international selectivity and a smaller North American market, we're taking a harder look at our Renewables cost structure, which we expect will yield significant savings. 
We know from our Power experience that these actions at Renewables won't yield results immediately. But with this playbook, we expect the business to return to profitable growth over time. Combined with Power's progress and enhanced profitability and cash, we're excited about the future for GE Vernova. 
Moving to Slide 6. While driving operational improvements across our businesses, we're also focused on better serving our customers and innovating for the future. A few recent highlights. At Aerospace, our joint venture with Safran. CFM International was selected by Delta to deliver 200 CFM LEAP-1B engines to power its new fleet of Boeing 737-10 aircraft, with options for up to 60 additional engines. Qatar Airways also signed an agreement for installed and spare LEAP-1B engines to power the airline's new fleet of 25 737-10 aircraft.  
At Healthcare, our recently announced partnership with Medtronic is enabling personalized care with the integration of 2 of Medtronic's continuous monitoring solutions with our precision monitoring platform. These capabilities allow clinicians to have access to real-time, reliable patient insights. 
And at Power, we celebrated the first HA gas turbine order in Vietnam. The new 9HA.02 combined cycle power plant is expected to improve the reliability and stability of the energy grid to support renewables penetration there. 
We're also developing new products with innovation supported by our continued investment in R&D. For example, Digital announced the first solution resulting from its Opus One Solutions acquisition, distributed energy resource management system designed to help utilities keep the grid safe, secure and resilient while enabling energy affordability.  
So in summary, I have great confidence in the actions we're taking and our path forward to drive sustained profitable growth. 
With that, Carolina will provide further insights on the second quarter.

Thanks, Carolina. And by the way, happy birthday. 
Wrapping up on Slide 13. As we sit here today, I hope you see what we see. GE is a stronger, more customer-centric company. With Lean and decentralization at the center of everything we do, we've made significant progress across delivery, price and cost, driving lasting improvements. The actions I outlined earlier are helping us manage pressures today and most importantly, positioning our businesses for sustainable long-term growth. 
Looking ahead, our story is simple. We have leading innovative franchises poised to accelerate in critical growth sectors the world needs. We're advancing the future of flight, precision health and the energy transition. And our solid financial and operational foundation keeps us on track with our plan to launch 3 companies, each with greater agility, more focus and future growth opportunities. I'm excited about what's ahead and confident GE is positioned to create value. 
Steve, with that, let's turn to questions.

And Deane, on '23, if I may, as you know well, we're just starting our annual strategy and budgeting cycle, that will take us through the next several months. I think as it pertains to '23, we're still of the view that we're going to deliver significant year-over-year improvement in both profit and cash but as we said earlier, below the prior view that we've expressed. 
And perhaps stating the obvious, with so much in flux right now, around the world, I think it's going to be important for us to see how the next 6 months unfold and at this point, expect to provide an outlook on '23 in the usual time frame at earnings -- at fourth quarter earnings. 
That said, I mean, given the way we've talked about '23 in the past and the underlying improvement drivers, I don't think they've really changed since March relative to the strong tailwind that we see in Aerospace broadly, both in services and in new units. Clearly, post-pandemic spending by health care providers is something that is critical to the health care story. And I think the energy transition all the more, given events in Ukraine, are going to play to GE's strengths. We just need to work through some of these near-term issues that we've highlighted in the prepared remarks in Renewables.

Well, Joe, thanks for flagging that page. I think what we're trying to do was just help everybody understand that despite some of these supply chain challenges, you don't need us talking about that macro, it's well documented. It's really about -- at least for us, what are we going to do. And I think in both instances, in Aerospace and Healthcare, we're making some good progress that we just need to make more of. And I think as we do that, we'll not only unlock some of this pent-up organic growth. We talked about 500 basis points overall from the quarter, but particularly in Services and Aerospace and just Healthcare broadly, that's going to be, I think, not only good growth but highly accretive growth. 
With respect to margins, I think both businesses are marching toward 20%. As we said earlier, with respect to '23 and beyond, we're really now in the throes of our strat plan process with each of the businesses. As you can imagine, a lot of opportunity in Aerospace that we need to work through. Healthcare, similar but different in that they're preparing for the spin. But I think later on in the year, when you speak with Pete and Helmut, if they get ready, it will be clear that margin expansion and strong cash conversion are very much an important part of their story. I think, first and foremost, they want to demonstrate outsized growth, and we think we're going to be well positioned, both in terms of commercial execution and the innovation investments to do that. And hopefully, that cash conversion can be reinvested both organically and inorganically. 
But I think in both instances, you're going to see nice margin expansion as we move forward. As to when we hit 20%, give us a little bit of time and we'll give you an updated view later this year.

Overall third quarter.

Andrew, I would say that if I can just open the aperture a bit relative to the question, it's important that everybody understand that the supply chain challenges in the aerospace industry are far broader than any one commodity at the moment. I mean we see that not only in our own supply chains, but particularly in the wake of Farnborough and the conversations we had there with the airframers and others, this is something that we're grappling with broadly. 
I've had an opportunity just in the 4 weeks that I've been in harness at Aerospace to sit with a number of the CEOs and their teams of our core forging and casting suppliers. Here again, Andrew, no silver bullet. This is a ramp that's going to, I think, have us all very much on our toes. I think what we're trying to do is make sure that, first and foremost, our signaling to the vendors is as crystal clear and consistent as we possibly can. I think over time, we've sent many signals, often mixed signals, and it's really tough for them to operate accordingly. I think similarly, both have indicated there are a number of ways in which we can collaborate around design, let alone capacity additions that will serve everybody and ultimately, our end customers better. 
So there's a lot of work to do. It will be a multiyear task to ramp as the industry is clearly poised to ramp, but that's a high-class problem where I come from and one we're very keen to tackle with our supplier partners in service of our airframer customers, and that's exactly what we're going to do.

Andy, I think what we had indicated back in April is that we would see another approximately $400 million off-profit drain in the second quarter. Unfortunately, it played out in just that fashion, but we thought we'd see second half a reduction in that drain, approximately $600 million first to second half. Again, that's not happening unfortunately. 
I break it down really due to 3 drivers, all of which we've touched on. One, just this more conservative posture in the face of the realities in Washington relative to demand, convertible demand here in '22, the inflationary pressures that have been well discussed and the fleet durability investments that we indicated we're going to make here as well. 
So I think you're going to see a second half that resembles the first half more than we would like, but we are working through that. We'll talk again about targets for '23 later. This is still a business that we have confidence in. Even though we may have a lull in demand here in the short term, whether it be energy security, whether it be climate, there will be demand for this business in the U.S. and broadly in attractive markets over the medium and long term, and I think we're well positioned to play there. 
It's important that everyone remember that while we talk about Renewables as a segment, we've got 3 different dynamics within the segment. We've got Offshore Wind, which is a growth play for us. We knew that would be an investment over the next -- over several years. Grid, which is rapidly approaching breakeven. And it, too, has, I think, a role to play in the energy transition. How long it takes us to get to breakeven? Again, Andy, we'll talk about it in more detail later. 
But most importantly, we are going to deal with the fixed cost, the so-called fixed cost in the business. But that's just one plank of the plan, right? We've got to do a much better job in terms of modularity and design to not only improve quality and delivery, but frankly, to bring down unit costs. 
What we've talked about in terms of selectivity and price is really important here. We can't chase every order. And we need to continue to make substantial improvement with respect to capturing value for what we deliver. 
The decentralization of Renewables as a segment and even within the businesses is something that will help not only, I think, reduce cost, but more importantly, improve our execution day in, day out. And that's against the backdrop not unlike we did a few years ago with gas where we're just going to take a more conservative view for planning purposes of volume, mindful that this lull in the market, again, will be short-lived. 
So there's a lot going on there. We're going to need some time to work through it. But given what Scott and team did in Gas and Power broadly over the last several years, I think we have, again, confidence that we'll run a similar set of plays to get not only to break even, too, but far more respectable returns in that business.

Well, Josh, I -- a couple of things there. Let me try to cut through it. 
What matters most is the customer. And for sure, the spares in the aftermarket helps us financially at a time like this. But we don't want to have that in any way dilute our focus on shortening cycle times and improving on-time delivery, right? We know our major airframer customers need more engines from us than we are providing, and that will be the case for the foreseeable future. So we need to ramp, again, in a predictable, reliable, stable way. That's what they want more than anything so that they can plan the rest of their assembly operations accordingly. And that's where we're focused. 
So there are a whole host of things that we've touched on here relative to our own operations, which we're driving in terms of improving yields, improving capacity and the like. And the same thing applies in the supply base. 
I think the distinction, Josh, I would draw with semi is that semi didn't have the dramatic downturn that this industry, and I say the industry, saw with COVID and then the dramatic spring back. So when the industry was turned down to such a degree, right, and we can talk about this commodity, that commodity, I would argue you see a similar dynamic with some of the pilot shortages that we hear about, some of the operating challenges the airports are going through. This is an industry that was nearly mothballed that is working very hard to come back to meet ultimate leisure and business travel demand, and we're very much a part of that industry and have our version of those challenges. But we're on it.

You bet, Steve. I know we're tight here. But to close, I appreciate everybody staying in overtime with us. We delivered a strong quarter. The actions we're taking to improve delivery, price and cost performance are building meaningfully stronger businesses at GE, and our planned spins are on track. 
We appreciate your interest in GE, your investment in our company and your time today. Steve and the entire IR team stand ready to assist as you consider GE and your investment processes.