Steve, thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll start with some thoughts on our second quarter performance and our strategic priorities. Then Jamie will cover the quarter in greater detail before I wrap with an overview of our Renewable Energy business and our outlook. 
Let me begin by reiterating that 2019 remains a reset year for GE. We made some progress in the first quarter, and that continued in the second quarter. I'll remind you though that our own actions and the market dynamics may not always follow a straight line, but I will draw your attention to those elements that are most important for GE's results today and tomorrow. 
First, our year-to-date performance is ahead of our outlook in several areas. We have not planned for perfection, meaning we have planned conservatively to cover market and execution risks, specifically within our Power business. At the halfway point, our performance at Power is better than expected, including better project execution, orders and working capital management. Restructuring spend is also lower. 
Accordingly, we are raising our outlook for organic growth, adjusted EPS and Industrial free cash flow, which we now expect to be negative $1 billion to positive $1 billion, while holding our margin guidance. This is progress but let me be clear, even with this midyear increase, we recognize that our revised free cash flow range includes negative territory. Over time, as our operational improvements take hold, we continue to expect significantly better cash results. 
Now looking at quarterly results. We saw top line strength. Orders were up 4% organically due to strength in Renewable Energy and Oil & Gas. We ended the quarter with backlog of $369 billion (sic) [ $396 billion ], up 11% year-on-year. This is comprised of equipment of $85 billion, up 4%; and services of $312 billion, up 13%. Services continue to be our most profitable part of the portfolio and a key differentiator with our customers. We are focused on growing and continuously improving these services across GE, which contributed to just over half of our revenues in the quarter. 
Industrial segment revenue was up 7% organically driven by growth in each segment except Power. Adjusted Industrial operating margins contracted 300 basis points organically due to significant declines in Renewables, Power and, to a lesser extent, Aviation, but this is not a surprise. While the makeup may be slightly different, in total, this is in line and not out of range with our full year margin outlook. 
We separated Grid Solutions out of Power for better strategic alignment. We moved the higher-margin grid software business into Digital and the lower-margin grid equipment and services business into Renewables. This put the spotlight on the equipment and services business, triggering a $744 million noncash goodwill impairment, and we wrote down the entire goodwill associated with this portion of the business. Jamie will talk to this in more detail in a few minutes. 
Our adjusted Industrial free cash flow was a negative $1 billion, down $1.3 billion from the prior year. This was at the high end of our quarterly outlook, largely driven by improved execution at Power, fulfillment timing and better orders at Renewables as well as lower restructuring. 
Looking to the second half, we need to continue executing in Power and Renewables, especially on projects, delivery, cost and service. We are taking actions to delever. And at our upcoming strategy reviews, we will begin to roll out Hoshin Kanri, our policy deployment, the best method I know to bridge strategic intent with operating priorities deeply in a business. And of course, we are monitoring and managing a number of watch items, including trade and tariffs, the 737 MAX grounding, lower interest rates and our annual insurance premium deficiency and goodwill testing due for the third quarter. 
Let me cover our 2 strategic priorities for 2019 in a bit more detail. First, with respect to improving our financial position, we monetized part of our 25% ownership in Wabtec, which was oversubscribed, delivering $1.8 billion in cash proceeds. We still hold an approximate 12% stake that we will monetize over time. We were also making progress on the BioPharma sale, which will deliver about $20 billion of cash proceeds. 
At GE Capital, we continue to make the business smaller and simpler, completing approximately $2 billion of asset reduction year-to-date and moving $4 billion of aircraft lending receivables to held for sale. We ended the quarter in a solid liquidity position with just under $30 billion of cash at Industrial and Capital combined, excluding BHGE. 
Next, on strengthening the businesses, at Power, we're seeing early signs of stabilization as we've been focused on improving daily execution. At Gas Power, orders were up 28% organically, bringing our total gas turbine units orders to 35 in the first half, and we are rightsizing the business for market realities, reducing fixed costs by an additional 10% in the quarter. 
At Renewable Energy, orders and revenues were up double digits as we execute on our steep production ramp. In the first half, we delivered approximately 1,500 turbines and repower kits, and in the second half of the year, we expect to approximately double the number of deliveries. 
At Aviation, we announced record wins at the Paris Air Show, which contributed to sequential backlog growth of 9%. And as it relates to the 737 MAX, we are working closely with Boeing to actively manage production while the fleet remains grounded. 
In Healthcare, profit margins expanded 80 basis points organically. In our first collaboration with Roche, we released the NAVIFY Tumor Board 2.0, which integrates the Tumor Board with our medical image viewer, allowing radiologists and medical professionals from other cancer care disciplines to use the same dashboard for patient care. 
To support our businesses, we need the right combination of direction and leadership. We made a number of new hires, including a Digital CEO, a CFO at the Power portfolio and regional Healthcare CEOs in China and the U.S. and Canada. We also appointed Monish Patolawala, the current CFO of Healthcare, to lead GE's operational transformation, driving operating rigor and lean management across the company. Monish reports directly to me. 
Russell Stokes decided to jump in and lead the Power Conversion turnaround himself. In addition to looking after the Power portfolio, Russell is bringing a greater operational focus to a business in turnaround mode. And with Monish in his new capacity, we brought more than 100 GE leaders to Greenville for a week-long lean action workout in June. 
As I've mentioned, the reemergence of lean in all we do represents a major improvement opportunity in manufacturing and throughout the various functions at GE. What does this exactly mean? It's really about the way we are going to work, the most important being hyper-focused on the customer and seeing GE through the customers' eyes, especially regarding our quality and delivery performance. 
Let me give you a couple of lean examples. In Healthcare, we recently value streamed macro billing cycle, looking at the to and the from, seeing 5 days of cash cycle reduction opportunity. And that wouldn't be a permanent end state. With automation and better governance of our billing processes, we've already improved by a day and see an opportunity to take full advantage of the 5-day opportunity on the value stream map. 
At Power, as a direct result of our Greenville workout, we installed 1 single piece flow line for our HA turbine buckets, successfully connecting 15 machines and 6 independent processes. Due to this improvement, we've reduced the work-in-progress inventory from approximately 1,200 pieces to 65. 
Now I know these examples may seem small. They are, but I think they're indicative of the opportunities we see across the entire company. In summary, we're on our way, but these are 2 quarters in what will undoubtedly be a reset year. I'm encouraged cautiously by what we've accomplished, but there's much more to do. 
Before I hand it over to Jamie to go through the quarter in greater detail, I expect that most of you have seen today's announcement regarding Jamie and our initiation of a search for a new CFO. With the stabilization beginning to take hold, this is the right time for a change. I want to take this opportunity to thank Jamie for her many contributions to the company, both as CFO and previously as a GE business leader. Jamie has been instrumental in working with the Board and me to develop our portfolio strategy, furthering our efforts to make GE a more focused industrial company and spearheading our deleveraging plan during an incredibly challenging period. I'm grateful for her willingness to support us through this transition. 
Jamie, I'll now turn it over to you.

Jamie, thanks. Given the recent alignment, we thought it would be helpful to spend a few minutes on Renewable Energy. It's comprised of 4 different businesses: onshore, offshore, Grid Solutions equipment and services business and Hydro. Strategically and operationally, we think it makes sense to have these 4 under the same umbrella as there are substantial revenue and cost synergy opportunities. 
That said, they're each at different stages. In onshore, where we have the #1 position in the U.S., we've launched the Cypress, which has received its first launch orders. In offshore, we're in development mode as we build our global presence and prepare to launch the Haliade-X, the world's largest wind turbine. While Grid Solutions and Hydro are difficult books of business, we're working through complex projects and improving our daily execution. 
Now looking at our quarterly segment profit and margins. The 4 largest headwinds to margins were legacy Alstom projects, challenging onshore project execution in the Asia Pacific region, depreciation related largely to the onshore ramp and our NPIs, and higher R&D spend. As you can see, combined, these were an impact of approximately 1,400 basis points. We're working very hard to offset these with strong volume and cost productivity, but there is more we must do. 
In June, I spent a week with our Renewables leadership team. I left these meetings confident that we can grow this business profitably as legacy items run off. We're taking action to improve operations. We're running our commercial efforts differently with tighter pricing controls, led by the CFO. We're seeing traction as evidenced by positive pricing in the quarter, the first positive pricing we've seen in 10 quarters, and we believe pricing is stabilizing. We're also reducing cost and improving on-time delivery. 
In all, this can be and needs to be a better business than it is today. We have a large backlog of projects to deliver and a healthy new product pipeline with solid returns coming over the next 2 to 3 years in both onshore and offshore. As we shared in our outlook call, we believe there's upside as we look to 2020 and 2021. This expectation remains. 
So moving to Slide 10. Let me first emphasize the broader dynamics we discussed in our 2019 outlook. They remain largely unchanged. This is still a reset year. We're focused on execution at Power and returning the business to profitability. We see continued strength in our Aviation and Healthcare franchises. 
At Renewable Energy, we're focused on delivering through the cycle. Nonoperational items remain a cash headwind with more expected in the second half of the year. However, as we evaluate our performance year-to-date, updated for the reality of today and our expectations for the rest of the year, we are confident in the revised outlook. You'll find our updated targets on the left side of the page. We've already discussed the change in free cash flow, which you now see as a negative $1 billion to a positive $1 billion. 
On organic Industrial segment revenues, we're up 6% year-to-date with a big second half ramp ahead of us in onshore wind and Aviation. So now we're targeting mid-single-digit growth. On margins, our outlook is unchanged, up, up to 100 basis points. 
While we were down 190 basis points in the first half, we expect the primary driver of upside in the second half to be the non-repeat of some of the 2018 charges, particularly in Gas Power. On adjusted EPS, we are raising our guidance by $0.05 as we now have better line of sight to the total year profile, which includes some upside in interest. 
Lastly, on restructuring, our expected benefits remain unchanged. Both expense and cash this year will be lower. This is driven by timing related to certain projects. Attrition versus severance in some pockets has allowed us to reduce cost and executing on some projects at a lower cost than initially planned. We will continue to invest but only when the economics make sense. Looking to the second half, as we discussed earlier, we are continuing to monitor our watch list items. 
In summary, we made progress that we are encouraged about in the first half of the year, but it's early in a multiyear transformation. This is undoubtedly a game of inches. Across the organization, I see our team demonstrating candor, transparency and humility. They're engaged and focused on continuous operational improvement to achieve better results. The cultural shift is beginning to take hold as we are running GE differently. I saw this in our second quarter operating reviews, during our lean week in Greenville and most recently during the 2-week tour in Asia. 
Looking forward, I'm confident in GE's long-term strengths, the size, the strength and the nature of our installed base in vital markets where service and technology matter and our strong recurring revenue streams from parts and services. This allows us to get close and stay close to our customers and continuously create value for them. 
Before we take your questions, I'd like to take a minute and thank JoAnna Morris, who is retiring today after 42 years of faithful service. Many of you know Joanna well, and therefore you also know her countless contributions to both GE's IR efforts and the broader industrial sector since she joined the IR team in 1990. It goes without saying, JoAnna has seen it all. Her dedication to GE and our investment community over her tenure has been tireless. We wish her all the best of luck in her retirement.

With that, we'll open the line.

Jeff, I think what we would say with respect to Power is that we have seen the stabilization that we referenced, right, with respect to the order book, which has been encouraging, the improvements on both expense and cash performance. But we're going to include that potential for the year-on-year number to be flat, but it's still a flat to down range, right? There's still a lot of variability here. 
To the extent that we are improving the range by $1 billion for the year, I think it is appropriate to look at that and say that the bulk of that is coming out of the Power performance. There is some benefit from both the lower restructuring activity and the interest, of course, offset by MAX. But the reason we're maintaining that $2 billion range is because we're -- we still have work to do in Power, right? That's where we have the better part of the risk here. 
I'd say with respect to the other segments, clearly, as we've indicated, we're -- all eyes are on MAX, but broadly, we're really not offering up much by way of change in '19 for the rest of the segments. With respect to '20, it's probably too early to really comment on any change in trajectory. But what we've said -- what we set earlier in the year back in March, on balance, holds.

No. I think with respect to Healthcare, for purposes of today, Steve, no change in the Healthcare outlook from earlier in the year.

We can, Andrew. Go ahead, please.

Yes. Scott, I think that if Scott Strazik and his team were here, they would acknowledge fully that there's improvement potential throughout this business, right? And I just look at what I saw last week when we were in Atlanta for the operating review -- the July operating review. It was a stark contrast from a year ago. With respect to new units, it's a competitive space. We're in some challenging geographies. But just in terms of the way the team today is looking at what we call the strike zone in terms of the deals that we want to pursue versus those that we don't, right, we're laying in a global level of standard work. 
So we've got everybody looking at opportunities through the same lens. They were being sober about cost and contingencies. That's what sets up some of that project execution that you referred to a moment ago. And they're really driving in deeply to get to root cause, to understand where we've had some of these issues, be it around the selection of an EPC, in and around the scope or the scheduling that we commit to, the terms and conditions, of course. And I just think that while there is a good bit still to work through, we're writing a better book of business for the future. 
Hard to put a basis points contribution over time on that, but I think that's serious because that, in turn, is what sets up the project execution itself, right? Once we've won, we've got to see things through. And I've been really encouraged by the project review board the team's put in. We're getting in early in the life cycle of these commitments. It's a cross-functional effort, really looking at what can go wrong and how do we mitigate but also what can we improve for the customer or for you, the shareholder. It's been helpful in managing handoffs and just getting the better daily management on the ground around the world. 
Now we have a watch list of projects there, right? Probably -- I think it's about 35 in number of projects where we really have to be in the weeds on a daily basis to get after this. But I think that combination, to me, gives real encouragement that we can manage this business better with an eye toward margin expansion. Obviously, the real game though is in services, and there's just similar opportunities there, right? We're not great in terms of our on-time delivery of parts and service. We're probably somewhere in the 75%, 80% range. Get to root cause, we can fix that. Just the way that we're managing the selling function, opportunities there in terms of our responsiveness, the specificity around what we do when we get a bid opportunity from a customer. 
So I don't think we're ready to say this is worth 50 bps, this is worth 200. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a flavor of what we can do to manage the business in addition to the restructuring and the other cost-out efforts to drive margins and better cash over time.

Nigel, at this point, as I think we've all communicated, we're at a lower level of production than we thought we would be at this point in the year for obvious reasons. And all we're really trying to signal with the $400 million of cash pressure here in the back half -- $400 million per quarter is what is likely to happen if we do not see a return to service. So we just tried to simplify that without getting into trying to get ahead of Boeing or the FAA or other regulators with respect to when the plane is going to return to service, and again, really refraining from any commentary in terms of what could change in terms of our trajectory going into 2020. But clearly, we're doing all we can to support Boeing and our carrier customers to facilitate a safe return to service for the MAX.

Yes, Deane, I think as we went through the reviews here in July, right, looking back to the second quarter, looking ahead to the second half, there wasn't a lot of finger-pointing at short cycle pressure. We certainly saw bits of the business that didn't perform at the top line in the way that we would have liked. I think the Healthcare revenues were a little soft in the U.S. and in China. I think we touched briefly on the gas service business. But I think we really look at that more, frankly, as a function of our own execution as opposed to short cycle pressure that we can point to. I think we want to be vigilant, but clearly, going into the second half with the backlog and the visibility that we've referenced a few times here, I think we felt good enough to tick up the revenue guide to that mid-single-digit range. 
With respect to China, as I mentioned, I was there as part of a 2-week trip to Asia. I would say that the embrace of GE is strong at the customer level. At the government level, GE is seen as a key partner. We signed, as you may have seen, I think an important offshore wind commitment in Guangdong province while we were there. As you would expect, we had some key meetings with our Gas Power partner, Harbin. I do think having partners is going to be key going forward in China, and I'm glad we're partnered up with Harbin. But the trade tensions there are real. And you don't have to look past today's headlines to have that I think is a watch item. And how that plays out for our book of business in China, how it plays out more broadly for all of us is a bit unclear. I think we've tried to take in some of that pressure into account in the back half here, but we flagged it just given it's a variable a good bit outside of our control.

Well, I think the team is doing a better job certainly, but again, it's very early, right? Whether we're talking about the top line, the bottom line, the cash, I don't want to -- I don't want any of this to sound like we are claiming victory. I think Scott and the team are focused, again, on a high-quality book of business. The share numbers will be what they are, but I think over time, what we want to do is partner with the right customers in and around the opportunities that allow us to create value for them and, in turn, value for our shareholders over the life cycle of that commitment. 
Clearly, as you well know, the gas business is different region by region. But I would just share briefly. Whether it was in Japan, whether it was in Singapore, obviously in China, on this last trip, I visited a site under construction in Malaysia, there's a lot of keen interest in adding gas capacity as they work through not only their own underlying economic growth but the energy transition. So we're bullish on that part of the world with respect to the gas business. 
We need to be better in terms of the book of business. We need to be better at project execution, back to Scott's question, and then all of the details inherent in sustaining a good service business over the life cycle of those installations.

Sure, sure. Well, I would say you probably see it in a few areas, John. I think that clearly, as we see the transition from coal and nuclear to other sources -- cleaner, more efficient sources, gas is a beneficiary in that, right? So we're just, again, trying to make sure that we're plugged in country by country, customer by customer where we can be part of that. You're right, in certain places, gas will be used differently, and that will shape our product road map in terms of the types of upgrades that we offer as well as the new unit NPI journey over time. 
I'd also say that with respect to storage and other opportunities that we might have, tucked away ever so discreetly on the Renewables page in the prepared remarks is a reference to hybrids, where what we've done is we've put our solar inverter in our battery storage efforts. And these are small, they're nascent, but they really are our opportunities to play here in the renewables because we see opportunities in and around the wind business particularly to lever our technology installed base in a broader way. 
We don't talk a lot about that. We had a good session with the team last week looking at some of the second half investments that we're going to make there, and hopefully, over time, that will be more significant. But I would really say big picture, making sure we've got a best-in-class gas business during the energy transition while continuing to invest largely in our onshore and offshore wind businesses is the way we are positioning ourselves for the energy transition.

Thanks, everyone.