Steve, thanks, and good morning, everyone. It's hard to think of a tougher year than 2020. However, our team performed, and the fourth quarter marked a strong free cash flow finish to the year. 
Starting with our results snapshot on Slide 2. Industrial free cash flow came in at $4.4 billion in the quarter, $0.5 billion higher than last year. This was largely driven by better working capital and improved Renewables and Power orders.  
For the year, we generated positive free cash flow of $600 million or $300 million excluding BioPharma in the first quarter. Despite the weakness in Aviation, Healthcare drove our performance, delivering $2.9 billion of free cash, and Power and Renewables continued to improve.  
Orders were down 3% organically in the quarter. While down, this was a considerable improvement from the second and third quarters. In 3 of our 4 segments, orders were in fact up. Notably, equipment orders at Renewables and Power were up double digits. For the year, orders were down 17% with 95% of this pressure Aviation related.  
Despite this, our backlog remains a strength at $387 billion with approximately 80% geared towards services where we have higher margins.  
Industrial revenue was down 14% organically and 13% for the year. Services were down 22% this quarter driven by the aviation aftermarket despite some moderation, outages and upgrades in Power and power upgrades in Renewables. While Services may fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, especially as we've seen during the pandemic, they create a multiyear backlog of profitable business, and importantly, keep us close to our customers, and we expect to grow in '21.  
Industrial margin was 6.4% this quarter and 3.4% for the year. While this was an organic contraction on both measures, we saw sequential improvement through the year due to our more than $2 billion of cost actions. 
Adjusted EPS was $0.08 for the quarter and $0.01 for the year, which includes an impact for the restructuring recast of $0.02 for the quarter and $0.05 for the year. Carolina will expand on this momentarily.  
In all, momentum is growing across our businesses. 
As 2020 progressed, we significantly improved GE's profitability and cash performance despite a still difficult macro environment. We're encouraged by the significant free cash flow growth this quarter.  
We came into 2020 with a clear game plan at GE. We were expecting strong performance from Aviation and Healthcare while executing our turnarounds at Power and Renewables. We all know how the story goes. The COVID-19 pandemic hit and it hit us hard, but our battle-tested team embraced the new realities and moved on. This is best evidenced by the meaningful progress on our priorities.  
Looking at Slide 3. One, we strengthened our businesses. This started first with what matters most: protecting the safety of our employees and taking care of our customers and our communities. At the same time, we remained focused on what we can control. We continued to build our world-class team at all levels with new leaders joining our existing strong bench of GE talent, and these leaders are playing a critical role in GE's operational and cultural transformation.  
In support of our transformation and better results, we executed more than $3 billion of cash actions. This enabled strong free cash flow generation in the quarter, bringing us again into positive territory for the full year. Specifically, at Gas Power, we delivered positive cash flow 1 year ahead of our commitments due to our cost measures and operational improvements. And we saw traction across our other businesses. For example, all 3 Power Portfolio businesses generated profit growth this quarter, the first time in 2 years.  
Two, we continued to solidify our financial position. Despite the ongoing market uncertainty, our liquidity remained strong, bolstered by our free cash flow performance. We exited the quarter with $37 billion of cash. You'll recall that in early 2020, we completed the sale of our BioPharma business for $20 billion. This cash enabled us to accelerate our balance sheet deleveraging efforts, and since the beginning of 2019, we've reduced external debt by $30 billion.  
And three, we're building our foundation for long-term profitable growth. This starts with GE's purpose: rising to the challenge of building a world that works. We're leading in some of the world's most important markets: the energy transition, precision health and the future of flight. And we're passionate about delivering for our customers while tackling the world's biggest problems. We're seeing this as we help customers decarbonize through leading technology across wind, gas power generation and modernizing the power grid with digital and automation solutions. And this really came to life at health care this year where we were on the front lines responding to the exponential increases in demand in certain products due to COVID-19. 
And we're keeping our sights on the long term. Healthcare launched more than 40 new products, including the Mural Virtual Care Solution, which provides a complete view of patient status across a care area, hospital or system.  
And we announced that we acquired Prismatic Sensors, which has photon-counting technology, a huge leap forward in the quality of images that can be captured on a CT. So as we play more offense in 2021, our team is energized about making our purpose a reality every day. 
Now lean is how we will do this across GE and the real unfinished business. In the last 2 years, we've laid the groundwork, establishing our Kaizen Promotion Office and introducing lean fundamentals across the company. Now we're picking up the pace, scaling lean company-wide with an eye towards operational and financial impact through safety, quality, delivery, cost and cash improvements.  
In digital grid, for example, our team used problem-solving and daily management to reduce quality defects by 25%. This helped drive savings that enabled the business to grow operating profit by 60% in 2020. As this team shows, you can apply lean in any part of the business, not just in manufacturing.  
One of our key leadership behaviors is delivering with focus, which means ruthlessly prioritizing where we can add the greatest value. Two key opportunities for GE are aftermarket services and digital, often working in tandem to transform what we can do for our customers on a daily basis. For example, our Renewables and digital teams are working together to develop AI-enhanced wind turbine inspections to reduce blade failures. In turn, earlier detection will help improve safety as well as reduce repair time and cost. These advances are possible due to our ongoing commitment to investing in innovation. 
We also had some major product launches this year with the Haliade-X wind turbine and the GE9X engine receiving certifications. Both machines are leaders in their own rights offering incredible power output and efficiency.  
So 2020 is certainly a year none of us will ever forget for its challenges, but even more so for how the world rose to meet them. At GE, I'm proud of the way we persevered in the face of great uncertainty, and we're set up well for the year ahead.  
With that, Carolina will provide further details on our quarterly results.

Carolina, thank you. Turning to page to 2021. We're planning to provide a full outlook for the company, including detailed segment information during our March investor call. But today, we'll share an overview for the total company in 2021. 
Moving to Slide 9. We're expecting organic growth in the low single-digit range for Industrial revenue, organic expansion of 250-plus basis points for Industrial operating margin, $0.15 to $0.25 for adjusted EPS and a range of $2.5 billion to $4.5 billion for Industrial free cash flow. 
Of course, there are a number of key assumptions underpinning our plan for the year. First is the lost cash and earnings from dispositions, largely BioPharma, which, again, generated nearly $300 million in cash and $400 million in profit in the first quarter of '20 and the continued reduction of Baker Hughes dividends, which represented more than $250 million of cash flow in 2020. 
Second, on Aviation, where the impact of COVID has been most acutely felt and our level of uncertainty is still the greatest. Starting with the market, our plan assumes departures remain close to fourth quarter levels in the first quarter, and we begin to see the commercial aviation market recover in the second half. That said, we fully acknowledge the pace of the recovery remains dependent on containing the spread of the virus, effective inoculation programs and government's collaboration to encourage travel. 
At GE Aviation, we continue to expect the engine aftermarket recovery to lag departure trends across regions and fleets, particularly around quarantine requirements. And given that we generate a significant portion of our cash in Commercial Services, the recovery of the aftermarket remains critical. 
So our full year plan assumes Aviation revenue is flat to up year-over-year. And as a reminder, since the full effect of the virus was not felt until late in the first quarter of last year, we will be lapping a tough comp. 
Looking across our other segments. In Power, we anticipate continued progress at Gas Power with some offset in Power Portfolio as we exit new build coal. Overall, we expect equipment revenue will be down, driven by our narrower scope with less turnkey volume. We're also planning for growth in our higher-margin Services revenue. 
In Renewables, we're focused on improving operational execution and driving structural cost out. This will help us expand margins and improve cash. 
At Healthcare, we expect continued strength in Healthcare Systems as our new products and commercial efforts drive growth and PDx to recover. While we expect cash conversion to remain solid, it will be lower than 2020. 
And at Capital, we expect earnings to be better. 
At each business, we're further accelerating cash performance and cost management with restructuring remaining elevated. 
So in aggregate, we have a positive trajectory going into 2021 despite areas of volatility and the continued challenges in Aviation. We're focused on delivering on our commitments, and I'm confident that our continued efforts will build a stronger and more focused GE. 
Turning to Slide 10. As we all know, 2020 was a year like none other. I'm truly proud of the GE team and their remarkable resilience. I hope you can see that in the face of great uncertainty, we continue to strengthen our businesses and deliver for our customers. And as we move through the second half, our businesses had a strong free cash flow finish to what was a challenging year.  Momentum is growing across our businesses. We've continued to evolve our culture by embracing lean while preserving the strengths that have defined GE throughout its history. 
And I'm excited about the opportunities that lie ahead, how we will continue to lead the energy transition, help our customers deliver precision health and define the future of flight. 
As our multiyear transformation accelerates, we'll unlock upside potential with better cash generation, profit and growth. And ultimately, we expect that our Industrial businesses over time should generate high single-digit free cash flow margins while rising to the challenge of building a world that works. 
With that, Steve, let's go to questions.

And Nigel, I would just add that I think what you see coursing through both the cash earnings, and frankly, the working capital improvement are both the improvements that we're trying to drive commercially with respect to just better up-front opportunity identification, better underwriting, pricing terms and the like all the way through that up-front cycle, but also operationally, right? Be it in terms of cost, be it quality and delivery, that's helping us both in the income statement, but also, obviously, on the balance sheet. 
And I think when you look at the fourth quarter numbers, you see some encouraging evidence that while it's still early innings for us with respect to the lean transformation, we're seeing some nice results. And that will just feed on itself, that will build momentum and that is something that we're looking forward to contributing in that bridge into the '21 numbers.

Markus, let me take a swing at that. I think you have the basic architecture in hand. The segment will be flat, but it really masks 2 underlying dynamics, right? You're spot on with respect to the improvement at Gas Power, I don't think we could be more pleased with the progress the team is making there. Clearly, a competitive market, no question. 
But in terms of controlling what we can control, both, again, the better underwriting up-front with respect to equipment, the continued market acceptance of the HA, all of that, I think, is in our favor. 
Services has been a challenge. We've talked about that, I think, through the course of 2020. A little bit of light there relative to the order book in the fourth quarter. But I think we really know the onus is on us to continue to drive better performance in all aspects of the Service portfolio there, be it CSA's transaction and upgrades. Upgrades was particularly pressured for us in '20. We know CSA is a function of utilization a little bit better. 
So I think when you put all of that commercial and operational activity on top of the restructuring where we've taken $1 billion of cost out at Gas Power, you get the early arrival of that positive free cash performance in '20 as opposed to '21. And we really move from here with a team that I think has proven that we can control our controllable and deliver better results with this book of business. 
I think when you talk about Power portfolio, you put your finger on Steam, we're going to be restructuring as we exit coal -- new build coal. That is the significant undertaking. It is early in that effort, and that will be a cash pull on us in '21 and probably to a lesser degree in '22 as we execute on that. 
So when you put it all together, as you saw on the slide in the appendix, it will be roughly flat in '21. We'll be looking to drive Gas as best we can, but we need to see the new coal exit through and we'll do that as thoroughly and as thoughtfully as we can.

Andrew, you're exactly right. I mean the way we look at retirements in '20 just interestingly compared to '19, we actually saw fewer aircraft retire last year than we did the year before. But I think we're going to see that uptick in '21 in all likelihood here in the back half as volumes return and the deliveries at both of the major airframers pick up. 
So we're assuming that we will see that retirement transition, and at the same time, while there's been a little bit of a bid-ask spread with respect to departing out some of those planes, we're anticipating that we'll see a little bit more of that USM effect as we get into the second half at a time when we should see a return to volume activity. I think people need to appreciate that USM cuts both ways for us. We're -- we've been a major user of USM given the nature of our CSA obligations over time. 
So it will take a little while, I think, for that market to begin to really kick in. There is a lag, of course, from the time a plane is retired to the time that we would see it in the USM market. But I think as we look out over the next several years, again, not trying today to pin a particular time in which we see a return to normal volume activities, from our perspective, we anticipate deliveries to outpace retirements and that will be a net effect positive for us at Aviation. 
The other dynamic worth noting there, of course, is when we look at the dynamics for our fleet today, when we highlight the fact we've got a very young fleet, we're really -- what we really mean by that is we've got a little over half of the CFM56-5B and -7B fleet, they haven't seen their first shop visit, right? So they're still early in their life cycle, 3/4 of that same fleet have yet to see their second shop visit. So they'll typically see 3 during the course of a normal useful life. Our major economics happen in and around the first and second. 
So as these planes come back online, that green time is used. Demand puts additional pressures on the fleet that -- those are the catalysts that we're really watching for relative to the beginning of the recovery and the return to, let's just say, '19 levels in our commercial aftermarket business there in Aviation.

Yes. Well, there are a couple of things in place, Scott, and I'd rather talk about that internally before we talk about it externally. But in effect, what you've seen in the last couple of years really is not only the reduction of the core through absolute reductions, but also the movement of a number of the traditional corporate functions that had been at the center in some form out into the businesses. 
There is still a fair bit of activity. You're referencing there specifically the Global Research Center where we have a shared facility. That's really not part in a major way of that corporate net number that you see there, right? The businesses are paying their way by and large in that regard. 
Also, keep in mind, we've got a number of P&Ls in what we call corporate, principally the Digital business, our $1 billion software business. Some of those businesses are more independent than -- of the portfolio. Others are operationally linked. 
So we'll continue to work to improve those businesses. And if there are situations where they can work more closely or better with the businesses under a different roof, we'll do that. But I think we'll continue to look for opportunities, but they will be, on balance, more modest in scale and scope than what you've seen in the last couple of years.

Sure. Well, Deane, it's probably most helpful to just frame kind of what we did and where we are, right? We didn't bring that activity level down to 0. We tried to resize it in a way that embraced this harsh, unfortunate near-term reality, but gave us a little bit of room just because -- back to Andrew's question, a number of dynamics that are hard to know in the short term with absolute certainty, be it the retirement dynamic, how fleets are going to manage green time just even in the short term, how folks are going to flex around the COVID effects as we saw in July and August and then in the other direction here in the first quarter. 
So as an operational matter, I think what John, Russell and the team are prepared for is a number of scenarios where when we see that recovery, we'll leverage some of the, if you will, the excess cost that is still there because again, we didn't take it to the bone. But also, we have -- we've laid in place plans that will give us an opportunity to ramp back effectively from a safety, from a quality, from an on-time delivery perspective, but also to have the right cost structure along the way. But we will be dealing with limits, right, in terms of our shop visit capacity in a particular window. 
And then that's part of the conversation we're already having with customers as they begin to think about the second half of '21. They want to make sure that they have their fleet in tiptop ready-to-go condition. So a lot that we're working through there. 
Clearly, our supply chain has been through a roller coaster right there along with us. I mean it was a year ago -- I mean, literally, right now, when we're talking about not only continued volume ramps, but a new introduction clearly at Boeing with the MAX and then literally weeks later we're talking about slamming on the brakes. 
Part of what you saw in the fourth quarter is a little bit better inventory performance because the lead times and the cycle times in Aviation tend to be longer than they are in some of the other businesses. But we are working as closely as we can with the supply base to help them do what we're doing and that is work through the near term here where we have these volume pressures, but also be ready for, again, a number of scenarios by which we see a return toward more normal volumes.

Josh, I would say that if we -- Carolina walked you through kind of the walk to the midpoint as if GE was a business as a whole, the slide in the back of the earnings presentation where we look at cash flow by business, I think it's really meant to capture the fact that the bulk of the range is going to be made up by what happens at Aviation and that will largely be a function of what happens in the market, particularly the aftermarket. There's a bit of Renewables in the range there as well. 
But I think what we've seen through the course of 2020 is that, fortunately, when all was said and done, our Power businesses were able to work their way through the pressure and the uncertainty. We had a number of orders at Renewables that came in at the end of the year, and we didn't know they were going to be there until they were there, and fortunately, they were. But clearly, this will be a year of climate broadly and that will be a good thing for our Renewables business. 
And I think Healthcare, while we won't convert at the exceptionally high levels the team did and credit to them in the back half of last year, Healthcare, I think we've got good line of sight on. 
So when you look at that range, I think the bulk of it, again, is really a function of Aviation. I like the way we're executing, we can always do better. But that said, it will really be a function of what happens in the end of the market. And I think what we try to do here is provide a framework that isn't assuming some sort of out-of-consensus early spike recovery in Aviation. That would be, in a word, foolish.

I would say with respect to portfolio evolution and capital allocation, Joe, take your point relative to the market dynamics, they are remarkable. But that said, I don't think any of our businesses are close to optimizing their underlying performance. And again, clearly pressure and some uncertainty here in the very short term, particularly around Aviation. 
But I think what we want to do in '21 is build on the momentum that we think we clearly demonstrated last year, continue to pursue our strategic intent across the 3 major areas that we've talked about. And over time, we're going to be open to ways to deliver value, maximize value at GE. 
But we still have a lot to do, still a lot in front of us. And I think that's the way at the end of the day that we will do right by shareholders, customers and other stakeholders.

Yes. I would say that -- I think we talked a little earlier about the makeup, encouraged by what we saw in 2020 at Power Conversion. Losing less money is different than making good returns, but you've got to work your way through that. And the Power Conversion business is doing that. Our Nuclear business is smaller, sub-billion size, but fundamentally stable. 
The action, to your question, Julian, really centers on the Steam business. And again, exiting the new build coal business, which has largely a European base, is going to be a multiyear effort. We're in the very early stages of that. So that's really the primary cash pull on Power Portfolio and I would say in the segment in '21. And given the way that plan will inevitably play out, we'll be talking about this at least in the first part of '22 as well. 
But I think we've got our arms around that. Again, it will -- all of that will mask a lot of the momentum that Scott and the team have built. But we'll keep you posted. It is what it is. But when we get to the other side, I think that segment is going to be a much better contributor for us.