Thanks, Zac. And thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. Before we move into the details of our third quarter results, I'd like to momentarily step back and provide broader perspective on the unprecedented level of change we've seen around the world, both in business and in our daily lives, and why this is particularly relevant for Trane Technologies. 
At present, we appear to be seeing an acceleration of COVID-19 cases in most parts of the world, particularly in the Northern Hemisphere. As the weather turns colder and more activities and time is spent indoors, we are at a very critical phase in the course of this pandemic, and we can't let our guard down. Proper hygiene, distancing and the wearing of masks will all remain critical defensive actions in order to contain and eventually eliminate the spread of the virus. 
Overall, our best estimate is that there is 1.7 trillion square feet of residential and nonresidential building space in the world. Over 400 billion square feet of this represents nonresidential communal space. Importantly, in developed economies, people spend on average of 90% of the day indoors, which reinforces the need for healthy indoor environments. 
Building owners, tenants and every occupant of an indoor space are certainly looking at the overall health of the physical environment with a new sense of responsibility and concern, and there's no doubt, all will be contemplating and taking some action to renew or bring indoor spaces to better overall air quality standards. Systemic holistic actions to assess and improve the health and safety of indoor environments is paramount right now and requires an industry-wide response for support. 
Over the past quarter, we formed a Center for Healthy and Efficient Spaces, modeled after the Center for Energy Efficiency and Sustainability that we formed over a decade ago to convene internal and external experts to collaborate and deliver innovation, thought leadership, market education and communication and enhance the policies and standards required to meet the present and future challenges we're all facing. 
HVAC systems already drive 40% or more of a building's total electricity demand. However, we know that many indoor air quality strategies and enhancements can have a negative impact of further increasing building electrical demand by 15% to 40%. This represents a significant challenge for energy efficiency, energy costs for owners. So as we help raise the overall indoor air quality of spaces, it is critical that we find additional ways to mitigate the economic impact to our customers through the implementation of more efficient systems, controls and broad-based energy conservation measures that we can take on their behalf, which is critical to offsetting the unintended consequences of increasing overall carbon emissions through HVAC systems' energy demand. 
At Trane Technologies, we want to be part of creating a better new normal. We will challenge the status quo to create a new normal where communities thrive, where quality is foundational and where the environment is protected for future generations. We're putting a stake in the ground that Trane Technologies will lead by example by setting historic and ambitious commitments and taking action to change our company, our industry and the world. 
Our Gigaton Challenge commits to reducing our customers' carbon emissions by 1 giga ton, or 1 billion metric tons by the year 2030. To give you an idea of size and scale, that's equivalent to about 2% of the world's annual emissions. That's just our company alone. As other companies join us, we can bend the curve on global warming. 
We're also committed to creating opportunity for all with the goal to achieve gender parity and leadership by 2030 and racial and ethnic diversity that is reflective of our communities. 
Our transformation plan for Trane Technologies is another example of how we're creating a new, better normal for our team, customers and shareholders, executing against the new blueprint that culminated in May after approximately 1 year of analysis and planning. Setting needs and other bold plans in action, our talented team around the world has exhibited all the commitment and passion for change that has marked our last decade. 
Our goal is simple, to create a new normal where opportunity is accessible for all, where healthy food, water and medicines are moved to people who need them, where emissions turned down and blue sky's turned up. Our business sits right at the intersection of making those things happen. With our unique positioning as a focused climate innovator, transformed and fit-for-purpose, we can tackle these pressing and complex challenges and drive differentiated returns for shareholders. 
Moving to Slide 4. As everyone listening to this call today can attest, the global COVID-19 pandemic continues to present ongoing challenges to virtually every aspect of our daily lives. As much progress as we've made, the questions we are all contemplating months ago regarding the depth and duration of the downturn and the speed and shape of the recovery are still very much with us. While there are several promising vaccines in process, timing, availability and mass distribution capabilities that might radically change the trajectory of the pandemic remain open questions. 
Despite these ongoing challenges, our teams remain focused and agile, effectively navigating an evolving landscape to meet the needs of our customers in order to deliver strong financial results for our shareholders in the third quarter. We outperformed our end markets broadly, delivering strong bookings growth, positive revenue growth, robust margin expansion, strong EPS growth and exceptional free cash flow. 
Continued strong performance gives us confidence to once again raise our outlook for 2020 revenues and leverage, along with that, for raising our outlook for operating income and EBITDA as well. Not only do we expect our current outlook for 2020 revenues of down roughly 6% to significantly outperform our prior outlook of down 10% to 15%, but we also expect to see some improvement in the fourth quarter as well. Assuming the current course and speed of the global economic recovery, we now expect the fourth quarter revenues to be down just 5% despite tough comps for our North American HVAC business and continued weakness in global transport markets. 
Additionally, we have improved outlook for deleverage in quarter 4 and 2020 to better than gross margin levels based on expectations for continued strong execution. Our prior outlook was for gross margin deleverage in the low 30% range for 2020. 
We continue to take aggressive actions to emerge stronger and to thrive as business conditions improve and new opportunities develop. We maintained high levels of business reinvestment and innovation and growth programs throughout the third quarter, and we expect to further accelerate our investments in the fourth quarter. We have a strong slate, high ROI projects in our core business as well as opportunities to accelerate investments in new IAQ and cold chain storage solutions. 
We set a course to accelerate our stranded cost and other fixed cost reduction initiatives in the first half of the year in order to deliver more bottom line savings in both 2020 and 2021, and we are on track to deliver these savings. 
We remain at a very strong financial balance sheet and liquidity position and we're delivering strong free cash flow in 2020. You'll recall we paused elements of our balanced capital allocation strategy through the third quarter in favor of capital preservation and optionality. Exiting the third quarter, based on strong performance and the current course speed of the global economic recovery, we're well positioned to bring all elements of a balanced capital allocation strategy back into play at this time. 
Our core strategy remains unchanged. Secular mega trends of energy efficiency and sustainability are becoming more pressing every day. And these trends are now elevated with increasing need to ensure the health and safety of the environments we work and live in. 
We excel at addressing these megatrends and challenging what is possible for a sustainable world, redefining a higher standard for what the world considers normal. This passion powers us forward to deliver top-tier financial performance and differentiated returns for our shareholders. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to discuss our bookings and revenue performance in the quarter. Dave?

Please go to Slide 15. We've mentioned that we intend to hold an investor event in December, and we firmed up what that event will be. We're looking at the morning of December 14, and we hope all of you can join us. It should be a great event. 
While the pandemic continues to present unprecedented challenges to visibility and how the markets will evolve over the near to medium term, rather than conduct a traditional Investor Day with 3-year top line and bottom line targets, we believe it'll be more concrete and constructive to talk about the things we control, which are the transformational activities associated with the new Trane Technologies that we've been working on for the past year. 
We're going to take a couple of hours in the morning of the 14th to focus on the self-help story, as Trane Technologies supports continued margin expansion and growth across our business that is not dependent in our current end markets perform. We've touched on some of these we've been working on, and this will be a deeper dive in order to provide investors with continued confidence in our margin expansion and innovation story. This will be a virtual event given the current environment. We'll follow-up with additional details on the event, but please be sure to save the date. 
Please go to Slide 16. I believe it was Peter Drucker who said that culture eats strategy for breakfast, and we couldn't agree more with that idea. The topic of what happens or changes with an organization's culture has been top of mind for many these days and certainly for me. 
As we went through the very difficult work of the industrial separation and formation of the Reverse Morris Trust, we blueprinted the new Trane Technologies and worked through and weather the impact of the pandemic at this point, we've had plenty on our plate as a newly created Trane Technologies. I'm proud to say that through all of this, the pride, energy and optimism that is emblematic of our culture has only gotten stronger. 
We recently received feedback from 90% of our associates globally, nearly 35,000 people in this year's engagement survey with over 60,000 verbatim comments provided. The results were overwhelming. Our engagement index achieved top quartile again of all companies, and improved year-over-year, with the pride in our company, energy for what we do in the world and optimism about Trane Technologies' future at the core of the feedback received. I'm proud of our people, our entire team and our shared inspiration that one company can change an industry, and our industry can change the world. 
As I said at the outset of the call, energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger as time passes. And fundamentally we excel, with these global megatrends and sustainability intersect with our innovation and capabilities, which drives high demand for our products and services. 
The increased focus on the health and safety of spaces and our holistic approach to helping our customers navigate solutions to improve indoor air quality is another opportunity for Trane Technologies to make a difference in the world. We've been investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market positions to enable consistent, profitable growth and we intend to press our advantage during this downturn to leverage our strong financial and competitive positioning and to invest heavily in the future of Trane Technologies. 
Our message to our investors is unambiguous. We are stepping up to the challenges of today and tomorrow, and we'll never stand still, and we're certainly not going to slow down. Our results in the marketplace are the ultimate barometer. 
We're not only focused on relentless investments in innovation and growth, but investments in blueprinting and transforming into a leaner, fit-for-purpose, pure-play company through the elimination of our stranded costs and the execution of transformation initiatives that will fundamentally improve the margin profile of the company over the long term. 
Lastly, we remain committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital, and we have a strong track record of both delivering strong free cash flow and deploying excess cash to deliver top-tier shareholder returns over the years. 
And with that, Chris, Dave and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. Julian, it's probably a little bit too early to understand the trend line there. But remember that probably 15%, 20% of our business is really affected by Dodge data that put in place data that you read, and a lot more that is predicated on how we're doing with creating demand around retrofits and indoor air quality. So I do think you're correct. I do think we exit the year relatively flat in terms of our backlog. And based on everything that we've been through this past year, it's somewhat of an achievement to end with a flat backlog. 
So I think with the current course and speed going into '21, we've got enough strength, enough health in many of our markets to have a decent year in '21 around growth.

Well, it's a strange year because demand was really shoved around, pushed around. I think everyone went into a recession playbook. And a pandemic playbook is a bit different as people generally felt so good about the jobs and investing in indoor air quality at home. And so you saw a drive toward not only replacing systems, but even mix for us that went up versus down through that. So I don't think that, that continues indefinitely. I think it begins to normalize probably in quarter 4, certainly in quarter 1. 
The unique thing is we're moving in from what was really an extended peak season into really the build that we would normally do in the fourth quarter and beginning of the first quarter for the traditional peak season that we would see, the cooling season as well next year in '21. 
So I think the best way to look at that is to look at 2020 as a bit of an anomaly and then I think we move into a more normalized '21. Everything that we're seeing around the setup for '21 would be that we see a little bit of growth in '21. But again, it's all predicated on the current course and speed of the economy and certainly how people feel about employment and overall consumer confidence as we get further into the end of '20 and then the early '21. 
Of course, that business is really a book-and-turn business, and we were booking and turning everything we could build in the fourth quarter. Our teams did an outstanding job about being able to meet the demand that we didn't forecast and get that turned into revenue and nice margin expansion for the quarter. So I want to complement the execution there. But again, I think it normalizes.

Yes, I'd say building availability is still a headwind. IAQ is certainly a tailwind. The net of that, I think, is a positive setup for the Service business. And I would say that Service business was a great antidote to a recession. Of course, pandemic is different in that if access to buildings is denied, it's tough to grow a service business, but we're very busy on the IAQ front. And as buildings continue to open, there'll actually be some deferred service, deferred maintenance that I would expect we'd see there as well.

Jeff, that's why I think it's a long-term play because everyone needs to do something right now. And then ultimately, if the building wasn't designed to do what it needs to do or you're at system limitations of what those standards should be or the building may have changed use over some period of time and never was adapted, those are all necessary investments that need to be made. 
One of the things that -- I just offer this because people on the phone here, just some advice on this. The opposite of a holistic approach is sort of a point solution. And one of the point solutions that we're seeing that's a little bit problematic is a lot of people have gone and just moved to really dense filter medium. And what's happening there is you're not getting often enough airflow out of spaces. And if you do that, you're actually making the situation worse at the ends of duct lines and buildings. And so you're not getting the air changes per hour. 
And in fact, the systems and fans may not have the capacity to support that. Then we're going back in at that point and putting some math modeling around what's the maximum filter media you could change; how do we impact that by maybe maximizing air exchanges; how do we get humidity for an aerosol contaminant so it's a little bit heavier, falls faster; what can we use to kill it that wouldn't create environmental problems for occupants. And those are all the things that, holistically, we try to put together as well as the back-end energy conservation measures to mitigate the effect of all this.

Yes. For $1 spent in an applied system, it's a 30-year life cycle, we'd see a range of 8 to 12x that in terms of the service and retrofit potential around that. So that's probably what you're referring to there, Josh. And I think that's true. I think the urgency is probably on the front end to do something in terms of, Dave explained, plan. And that plan has to be consistent with someone's overall financial capacity to execute the plan. 
We've got to work with customers to be able to do that. So Dave said, day 1, what are the mitigating things we can do. Day 2 and beyond, what are the things that would need to have to happen in these systems to really put them at a standard or a best-in-class. 
But I think also, too, as people look at buildings, particularly tenants and landlords trying to lease buildings, there's going to be some tendency to be inquiring about this stuff, understanding to what degree have you made modifications or what visibility needs to do to perform at a standard that should be best and healthy for occupants. And so that's going to play into this as well. So I think we'll be busy doing some asset planning for customers. And longer term, I think that it probably accelerates some of the retrofits. 
It will also have the impact of things that are in design and things that are not yet in design but will be built in the future, probably built to a higher standard, not just the installed model standard, but the maintenance standards as well. Because it's really critical, as you know that energy can drop -- as an example, from model to actual, it can drop 30% in a matter of just a couple of years through customers overriding system points. 
This is analogous to that, right? You can do all this great work around filters and outdoor air exchanges and hampers and linkages. But if you're not maintaining that stuff, you fall back right to where you were. So maintenance will be improved going forward, I think. As well as the ability to monitor the stuff remotely because there's just so much out there to look at, you're going to have to do this digitally and look for anomalies in the systems.

Anyway, we have -- the portable solution, it's got the 60x capacity of the current market capability. It's still a mobile unit. When you pair that with our rental and logistics capability through our rental businesses, we've got the opportunity to move these around as they need it. 
I'm really proud of the work the team did here to take every pharma manufacturer and vaccine work, went around specifically around their requirements and exactly how the intensity these vaccines can be packed and distributed. But also understanding exactly what their supply chain looks like and where the break points could be in the cold chain so that we can map out the capacities for every pharma company going through every distribution model, all the way through a CVS or a Walmart, for example, here in the U.S., about how people would eventually be inoculated. 
So in doing that, it's allowed us to be able to look at constraints, look at capacities and make sure that we're selling product with people that actually need it as opposed to just selling product into capacities that may not be required. That would be a real mess if that happened. And we're being very conscientious about sort of observing that capacity to put into the best place.

That's right. And on to you, Steve.

I think it just comes down to first, looking at the behavioral science behind all of this and what we, as consumers and building occupants and building owners and tenants, think about space going forward. And so it's not going to require somebody to kind of convene that into one demand or code of standard. 
Although I think what will happen is initially, particularly in the developed economies, there'll be immediate look-back to looking at buildings and whether or not they're operating at standards and then what you do to mitigate that. I think it creates a step-up where codes don't exist or don't exist to the stringent level of a standard, where those become implemented much more quickly than perhaps would have happened.
But particularly for us, when you think about our nonresidential opportunity, which is the bulk of our global business. We're really only in the res business, if you will, in the U.S. and Canada. If you think about that, these are sophisticated building owners applied maybe more institutional critical systems, they got it. They get it immediately, and they know to open a factory, a hospital, a university, a research center. They're going to -- you have to be at least at whatever the best standard is. So I don't think anything actually has to happen. Of course, anything that could happen that would create more focus on driving codes and implementing them faster would be additive to that.

Yes. If you think about even just again our nonres business being in the tens of billions of square feet that we've got as an installed base, that's a great starting point. And in situations like this where you can't get to everybody immediately right away, that's why, honestly, it has to be an industry response to solving for 1.7 trillion square feet of space, you're going to go to the people that get it first and that want to do something about it. 
And so we're going to be selective about who we're talking to and how long we're talking to them before somebody does something, right? It's a function of making sure that you disqualify opportunity as readily you should qualify opportunities when you've got that much opportunity in front of you. 
So we're going to spend our time prioritizing with the people that want to act on it quickly and making sure that we're going to where the action will be taken, which of course, is going to drive outcomes for health, and it's going to drive revenues for us.

Yes. I guess I'd start with U.S. savings rates quadrupled. I think in quarter 2 and in the first part of quarter 3, we were sitting around 20% versus the 4%, 5% savings rate. People obviously aren't going out and taking vacations and doing the things they were doing. So I think there is actually more capacity. 
I also think that home values have increased and people feel that they're in pretty solid footing, at least, at this point, around home values. So I think between savings rate, home equity lines that may be open, that's the primary that we're seeing there. We're not hearing anything specifically about higher take rate around financing.

Yes. I mean it probably helps to think about this a little bit of a bell curve as it relates to people that are out of business or will be out of business and aren't coming back in business. And there's going to be some space, obviously, some retail space as an example that, restaurants, that's going to be the question. You've got people who are absolutely coming back and investing warehousing, data centers, other businesses that relate to that. 
But the folks in the middle that are going to come back, it's a matter of sort of time and maybe density for how they pack and organize occupants and buildings. They're going to use the opportunity preopening to mitigate as much as they can, right? I mean they have to mitigate the space in some way before people return to the office. 
And so we're sitting in North Carolina today, and we're communicating to our population, just as recently as last week about our intentions, and we don't see people coming back into the office here unless they need to, to do their work or they can and we've put these protocols in place. But we're not expecting people to come back in at least until the early part of next year. And even that's up for grabs as it relates to what the signs will tell us and case rates look like in the local community. 
But having said that, we've gone through and taken enormous investment to get our space up beyond a standard to have people feel comfortable coming back. And I think that you're seeing the bulk of the bell curve being companies and landlords and tenants that are requiring some mitigation to take place now. And so again, between not being able to get to some spaces and then the tailwind around providing some mitigating activity for people who are going to be opening as well as providing services for the people that are open, there's enough for us to do there, and I think, see some growth in services.

Yes. I just would add that it is absolutely heroic efforts by our residential team, our manufacturing and supply chain teams to make sure that we're able to respond to this demand because, again, this was not predicted. We didn't see these volumes coming in a typical recession playbook. And this is a different set of human behaviors happening here around how people think about indoor space at home. And the ability to respond to that was really a lot of hard work by some great people out in the organization, getting it done.

Yes. Inventory levels coming out of Q2 were about half of what they needed to have been, right? So if you think about 3 months, it's been kind of more typical. It might have been sitting at 6 weeks, and that drove an incredible demand, yet we saw in June, July and August and really continued. 
I would say, as an industry, it's been a bit hand to mouth. If you've got it, you probably could sell it. And that certainly was the case for us. And really, again, SEER wasn't important. People were taking what they could get and they were opting for higher SEER, if choices were available. 
So really, I think it hasn't changed much. And again, this is why I think that you run right in from an elongated cooling season in 2020, right into the normal build that we would have, basis what we think to be '21 demand. And that's not normal. Usually, there's quite a long reaction between August, September and, call it, December, January.

Yes. I wouldn't set that as an expectation, Andy. I think that we always like to tell people that the entitlement is probably 85 points shorter gross margin, giving us an opportunity to continue to really innovate and invest in the business and make sure that we're staying up front and, of course, incremental margins of 25% against margins that are 16%, 17%. It's all a good problem to have. And of course, we want to raise gross margins over time. So that's a good thing to have happened. 
Occasionally, it happens that we had great productivity in quarter 3 and excellent price versus material inflation in quarter 3, and you can drive outsized leverage in a particular quarter. But in the long run, it's best for investors to think about it the way that we're thinking about it, which is something close to gross margins, leaving room for investment and some breakage around ideas that don't pan out. And that's the way I would tell you to shape up '21 and beyond. 
We're not creating a lot of headwinds going into '21. All of the hourly increases that we would have given in terms of salary increases to hourly associates, happen like the one they would have in a normal schedule. And then the delays and salary increases that we pushed out into '21, we brought back into '20, right? So what you're seeing here is investment back in the salary increases. 
And so the only sort of headwind probably, or tailwind, is how much really travel and entertainment we would be doing in '21, as an example. And I think that, frankly, we're rethinking a lot of those things right now as many companies are, about how much business travel, how much entertainment do we need to be doing. And certainly, some will come back. But probably never at the levels or unlikely to get levels that they were historically. So we're not setting up a situation in the reverse, which is really tough leverage coming into '21. So I kind of ride in the middle and say 25 is a good number to think about.

Yes. Nothing has changed in my thinking or thought process around that. I mean COVID really didn't have an impact on that. I mean obviously it's going to dislocate earnings between companies, but doesn't really change long-term view towards that. It's likely something that could and should happen. 
Broader on the M&A question, I think as we think about some of the things that we're doing around the bolt-ons, you've got sellers that want to use 2019 EBITDAs. And of course, we, as a buyer, need to understand the structural changes going forward and the future value of the cash flows that come from that. Conversely, if we're looking at things that we're looking to acquire, that could be technologies that are helpful in a pandemic, you've got seller expectations of break out EBITDA margins. And again, you got to go back and structurally look at those for future cash flows. 
But -- and then due diligence is a little bit tougher because most of that is, of course, remote now. And that's not the best way to do due diligence. So other than that, it doesn't really change the long-term view toward M&A or transformational M&A.

Yes, John. I'll tell you, the first thing, if you talk about 1.7 trillion square feet of indoor space and 400 billion square feet of nonresidential space, the answer has got to be something in the Bs, right? So I don't think you're off. It's just a matter of how does that play out. And my notion on this is a holistic layered approach, mitigating and then offering solutions to improve going forward based on economic capacity of somebody to go undertake some of these initiatives is probably a very long-term tailwind and a different way to think about space going forward. 
So it's probably not the size of the market that would be the question, it would be the timing. In my view, it's going to be embedded in the growth rate for a very long time. How big is that growth, right? We still don't know. We need to get more experience here as we go through this with our customers.

I don't because it's a vaccine for this virus, right? I mean there's vaccine for any virus. And frankly, the reality around future pandemics, I think, is great and the fact that people do want to have the assured peace of mind around indoor air quality, I don't think it changes. 
I think it helps open the economy. And I think that, that has positive benefit. But I don't think it's going to really change how people think about preparation. Just like generally, we used to think about hurricanes, right, hitting Puerto Rico and the Gulf and how we've prepared for those things and are we prepared for the aftermath of those things, both from a business continuity perspective, both from a health and welfare of our people perspective. 
A pandemic, which is something that we had planned for overall health and wellness, we really, from a business continuity perspective, have learned a lot about dealing with the pandemic. So I have to mention, our playbooks are going to change for these pandemics. And those playbooks for all customers are going to relate to the health of their space. A restaurants that's able to stay open because they put in all these mitigating factors where transmission rates and kinds are lower because we've done that all factored into a healthier economy, when, in fact, we have the next crisis.