Thanks, Zac. Before we jump in, I wanted to take a moment to recognize Mike Lamach. Mike has reinvented this company a couple of times over. He built our high-performance culture and incredibly strong team.
I'm proud to have worked with Mike in his capacity as CEO, and I'm looking forward to continue to work with him in his role as Executive Chair until his retirement in the first half of 2022. And now I'd like to turn it over to Mike for a few words. Mike?

Thanks, Mike, and thanks to everyone for joining us on today's call. I've played an active role on these calls in the past several quarters, but this is my first official call as CEO. I'd also like to thank the long list of shareholders and analysts who I've had the pleasure of speaking with right after the announcement. As Mike and I highlighted on those calls, this transition in leadership is an evolution, not a revolution. We co-created the Trane Technologies strategy and have worked closely together for many years.  
Please turn to Slide 3. While the world has contended with unprecedented change over the past 18 months and continues to face significant challenges, our purpose-driven sustainability strategy remains steadfast. The long-term sustainability megatrends that underpin our strategy have only intensified, and our innovation leadership is transforming the climate industry as the world decarbonizes.
This is more critical every day as the clock is ticking on climate change. Our aggressive goals and bold actions can dramatically reduce carbon emissions and accelerate the world's progress. In addition, we are proactively addressing emerging trends as we see heightened focus on indoor air quality, energy efficiency, cold chain and the need to upgrade aging infrastructure in our schools.
We are committed to making a difference consistently, relentlessly and over the long term. This unyielding approach drives market outgrowth over the long term, which in turn, helps us drive strong margin and powerful free cash flow to deploy through our balanced capital allocation strategy. The end result is more value across the board for our customers, for our team, for our shareholders and for the planet.
Moving to Slide #4. After posting a very strong first quarter, we have significantly raised our 2021 guidance range to reflect top quartile EPS growth for full year 2021. The raise reflected both a positive demand outlook and expected acceleration in global vaccination rates. Through the first half of the year, demand is shaping up consistent with our high expectations. While the delta and other coronavirus variants continue to pose considerable risk, large portions of the global economy are rebounding and continue to gradually improve.
Our global teams delivered a strong second quarter, with robust organic bookings growth of 30%, driving backlog to a record high. Backlog is up 15% from record Q1 levels and up more than 50% from the end of 2020. It's also up more than 50% versus any quarter in 2019. Net, our backlog is extremely strong, not only in the context of a modestly down 2020, but also in the context of strong financial performance in 2019. Demand for our innovative products and services is high and our record bookings and backlog provide good visibility into 2021 and 2022.
Performance was strong throughout the P&L, with organic revenue up 18%. Adjusted EBITDA margins were up 180 basis points on 30% organic leverage and adjusted EPS growth was up more than 50%. In many ways, 2021 is shaping up largely as we anticipated on our Q1 earnings call. So I thought it would be constructive to take a few minutes and talk about what has changed and how that's affecting our approach to the second half of 2021.
There are 2 areas that are making operating environments substantially more challenging. The first is the speed and slope of material and other inflation that has risen dramatically. You'll recall that we saw unprecedented inflation and tariffs impact in the 2017 to 2018 time frame. However, if 2021 plays out as we currently expect, we'll far exceed the peak inflation and tariff numbers we faced during that time frame.
In 2021, not only are we seeing higher material cost inflation. Trane Technologies, and from what we're seeing in the market, the entire industry, are implementing price changes faster and with far less lag time than in 2017 to 2018. The net result for us is we are implementing about $150 million of incremental pricing in the second half of 2021 to offset about $150 million in incremental inflation. 
To be clear, this is $150 million above and beyond what was already baked into our guidance at the end of Q1 in both cost and price. Successfully executing the price action offsets otherwise negative EBITDA impacts, but also drives organic leverage on our incremental revenues lower in the second half of the year. However, our industry typically holds on to price. So long term, we expect these actions to be a solid tailwind for our business.
The second thing that has changed is the strong economic environment, combined with other factors such as strained logistics systems and tight labor markets, have further stressed already tight supply chains. This is resulting in higher cost and greater inefficiency throughout the value chain. 
We are fully leveraging our high-performance business operating system and transformation initiatives to manage and mitigate these impacts and meet the needs of our customers, but there is no silver bullet. We believe we can limit the impact of these inefficiencies to a few points of leverage in the back half of the year as we work to meet our customers' expectations and strong demands.
Our multiyear track record of delivering high-quality earnings and free cash flow fuels our balanced capital allocation strategy. Year-to-date, we've deployed about half the cash we expect to deploy in 2021. We have a solid pipeline of M&A prospects and continue to see value in our shares. Longer term, our purpose-driven sustainability strategy continues to be focused on secular megatrends that are powerful tailwinds for our business and support continued top-tier performance and differentiated returns for shareholders.
Please turn to Slide #5. We delivered robust organic bookings and revenue growth in the quarter, up 30% and 18%, respectively, with growth across all segments and business units. Our Americas commercial HVAC business delivered robust growth in the quarter. Unlike many other peers in industrials who entered the quarter with easy growth comps after being down significantly in 2020, Americas commercial HVAC organic bookings were up mid-20s, and revenues were up low teens in Q2 of 2021, building on mid-single-digit declines in the prior year. The residential HVAC markets continue to be extremely strong, and our residential HVAC team delivered high 30s bookings growth, with independent distributor sell-through up high 20s. We entered the second half of the year with record backlog, up significantly from record backlog at the end of the first quarter.
Our Americas transport refrigeration business continues to outperform the North American transport markets, delivering more than 30% revenue growth this quarter. Transport bookings were up low single digits, which may look like a misprint but actually, it's a positive story and simply reflects a natural pause in orders from substantial bookings growth in Q1 as industry trailer production has largely maxed out capacity for 2021 and the focus has turned to booking slots for 2022. We only recently opened up the order book for our first quarter of 2022, prudently keeping an eye on inflation looking several months out. It's also worth noting that this quarter's bookings build upon very strong prior year truck and trailers, where bookings were up nearly 50%.
Turning to EMEA, our teams delivered 53% bookings growth in the quarter, with strong growth in both commercial HVAC and transport refrigeration. Revenues were also strong, up 28%. We continue to see strong demand for our innovative products and services that helped reduce the energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions for our customers. Our Asia Pacific team delivered bookings growth of 12% and revenue growth of 2% in the quarter, with growth in both commercial HVAC and transport. The impacts of COVID-19 pandemic continue to be challenged in the region, with low vaccination rates and partial lockdowns in some countries.
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #8. Commercial HVAC Americas has significantly outperformed the broader markets over a number of years through strong focus, agility and execution, combined with relentless innovation for our customers. These defining characteristics power the business forward today. 
End markets are improving with continued strong data center and warehouse demand. Demand in the education and office end markets is also growing. We're benefiting from increased demand across our K-12 customers, with federal stimulus funds supporting both current and more importantly, future growth. We see this as a multiyear tailwind for our business, given our strong position in the education market and our direct sales force with deep relationships in this vertical.
Vaccination rates are improving, and end market indicators are generally strong, with ABI over 50 since February as one example. Demand remains high for comprehensive indoor air quality solutions, with particularly strong interest from education, government and office end markets. We continue to see indoor air quality as a long-term tailwind for our business. Though we remain prudent and cautiously optimistic given the emergence of new COVID variants and the unpredictable impacts they may have, we enter the second half of the year with very strong backlog and are encouraged by the healthy demand picture that is forming.
Turning to residential. We delivered record second quarter bookings and revenue and are entering the second half of the year with record backlog. Overall, we delivered a strong first half and expect a challenging second half against tough comps, given record bookings and revenue in the second half of 2020.
Turning to Americas transport. We're expecting continued strong growth for the balance of 2021, with weighted average transport market growth of approximately 24% for the year. Given strong demand for trucks, trailers and APU through the first half of the year, and supply constraints at OEMs limiting the market size for 2021, we have pretty good visibility at this point, but our transport business will continue to have a strong year and that 2022 has the potential to be even stronger. I'll talk more about transport outlook in our topics of interest section.
Turning to EMEA. Economic conditions are improving across the region. We expect continued improvement in the back half of the year with increased vaccination rates supporting the opening of an increased number and the ride of venues. Transport markets have been and remained strong. We are expecting 9% weighted average market growth. Our transport business is outperforming the broader markets and 2021 should be a very good year for us.
Turning to Asia. We expect growth in China in 2021, supported by increased vaccination rates and strength in data centers, electronics, pharmaceutical and health care. Outside of China, the picture is mixed. Vaccination rates generally remain low, with partial lockdowns in some countries.
Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #16. As we've done in the past couple of quarters, we want to provide an update on the transport markets. Our outlook for 2021 is largely unchanged, with modest adjustments to North America and EMEA numbers. As we discussed earlier, trailer production capacity is constrained in 2021, which is shifting volume to 2022. EMEA added 1 point of overall growth on truck and trailer strength.
Halfway through the year, we're seeing considerable strength in both of these markets across bookings, revenue and backlog, which supports the forecast from ACT and IHS, with an even higher degree of confidence than when we reported our first quarter results. The other point I'd like to highlight is that ACT's forecast for 2022 stands at 51,100 units, up 17% from 2021. This is another strong tailwind for us as we look towards 2022.
Please go to Slide #17. 2021 is shaping up to be a strong year for us overall. Our current guidance firmly places our EPS growth in top quartile of industrial companies supported by high-quality free cash flow. Energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger, and we are uniquely positioned to deliver leading innovation that addresses these trends and accelerates the world's progress.
And we're not only focused on investments in innovation and growth, but also on investments in our business transformation. We are on track to deliver $300 million in savings that will continue to improve the cost structure of the company. This will enable additional reinvestment to expand margins and further strengthen our ability to outgrow end markets.
When combined with the megatrends underpinning our strategy, strong demand in our end markets, our exceptional ability to generate free cash flow and our balanced capital deployment, we are well positioned to continue to drive differentiated shareholder returns. And now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes, Julian. This is Dave. Thanks for the question. Yes, as Chris said at the end, we're really seeing this across the globe. Supply chain constraints are real. They're not unique to Trane Technologies. I think the entire industry is seeing these and the material inflation.
I've never seen it like this before, and I've been in this industry for a long time. But it's really -- it's accelerating certainly in the -- at the end of the first quarter to the second quarter, and that's why we've taken out our third price increase of the year.

Yes, Jeff, this is Dave. I won't give you too much specifics there, but our pipeline is very robust, okay, with M&A. And by the way, we've had a great track record with the M&A that we've been able to deploy or actually acquired in the last several years, whether it be on the channel side or on the technology side. So our M&A pipeline is robust and we're hopeful we can execute on some of that.

Yes. I mean the good news, Jeff, is the order demand really across the globe has been extremely strong, not only in the second quarter but also in the first quarter. And we have stressed our supply chain. I don't think this is unique to Trane Technologies. I think the all industrials are facing this.
But yes, we have some challenges in the supply chain. Our team is doing a great job of managing it. They're helping our suppliers ramp up. But we anticipate that through the third quarter, this challenge will continue. We see it getting a little better in the fourth quarter as some of our key suppliers are able to ramp up. And by the way, in the industry, a lot of competitors use the same supplier. 
So this is not unique to Trane Technologies. But again, it is constraining us a bit. It's causing some inefficiencies. Team's doing a fantastic job of getting components to the factory. Unfortunately, they're just not showing up exactly when we need them. So we're constantly having to reschedule lines and rebalance output to meet our customers' demand and expectation. Again, it will be challenging through the third quarter. We'll see it get a little bit better in the fourth quarter.

Sure. I'll then give you a little more color around residential in total. First of all, we're seeing very, very strong demand in residential. Bookings in the quarter were up 37%. Year-to-date, our bookings are up over 40%. So really, really strong demand.
Sell-through through our independent wholesaler distributors was up in the high 20s, very close to 30%. So that's good news. That's really how they're serving their dealers. Sell-in to the channel was less. It was up in the mid- to high teens. Revenue in the second quarter for us was at record levels. So revenue was record levels. And backlog was also at record levels.
We typically measure backlog in this business in weeks. We're now talking about backlog close to 2 months. So again, very strong demand that we're seeing in this space. Everyone in the industry is seeing eye-popping numbers in residential. And it's kind of an odd time. I've been in this industry a long time, and everything you make right now is sold. So the more you make, the more you're going to sell. Demand is so strong that it has outpaced the capabilities of our supply chain as I mentioned earlier. So we're in the process of helping our suppliers ramp up. 
And again, we see challenges continued through the third quarter. We see the supply chain getting a lot stronger in the fourth quarter. So I think our incremental growth rates in the third quarter will be less than what we're going to see in the fourth quarter. And again, the supply chain constraint is not unique to Trane Technologies. And we believe that, hopefully, in the fourth quarter, this will start to work through.
The other point I would add is that in the resi space, we typically think about production like you know, peaks and peak times and you have trough times. We see peak time continuing for an extended period of time. And we see us running at peak rates at all of our factories for a continued period of time.
The other thing I would mention there is -- and I know there's probably some questions out there about share in residential. I would tell you that over the last 6 years, we've gained share in our residential business. I would -- you're going to have some disconnects at least in the short term here with how many order share or shipping share. But over time, when backlogs deplete themselves to get back to a normal level, we see that evening out and we see ourselves gaining share in the future.

Yes. I mean if you look at across the verticals in our commercial HVAC business in the Americas, I don't think there's a time that I've seen where every vertical had growth, and we play in all verticals. So the strength is widespread, which is a good thing. Obviously, on a macro level, you have ABI, which has been very strong since February. So that's going to be a strong tailwind. Look at that 6 months out.
But we're seeing strength everywhere. And indoor air quality is certain part of it. Office strength coming back, which is nice. A lot of strength in the education vertical right now, we're starting to see stimulus funds be used for upgrading the infrastructure of our schools. It's really a broad based. The more energy-efficient your product is and the greater your innovations are, you're really able to capture a lot of these opportunities.

Yes. First of all, the supply inconsistencies is really throughout our entire business on a global basis. I think it started, Nigel, really with the freak storm that hit the southeast and knocked out all the resin supply and the knock-on effects that, that continues to have through the supply chain, whether it be wire harnesses or you have and it certainly has an impact on electronics. And as our products have gotten smarter through the years, electronics is everywhere. And it's not just the controller for the unit. We're seeing it, fans, motors, compressors, they all are interconnected within the system. They all use electronics to connect.
So it's very broad-based. I mean, I think our team is doing just a fabulous job working 24/7 to mitigate this, but it's a little bit of a whack-a-mole, where you see one supplier fixed, the next one goes -- has a little bit of problems. And what we're doing though is we're working with our strategic suppliers as partners here, and we'll actually have teams help them with their ramp-up. And that's why I said we have some visibility. We know Q3 is going to be -- continue to be challenged. We see the fourth quarter, some of our ramp-up plans with our suppliers getting better. So we think the fourth quarter will be a bit better than the third quarter.

Yes. At the end of the day, I mean, our M&A pipeline is very robust right now. We're using the same model that we've always used, okay? So we're going to make sure that it clears our hurdles. We're not going to buy something for the sake of buying it. There are -- there is some value out there. We've certainly seen that in some of our channel acquisitions, and we certainly have seen it in some of our technology acquisitions. So stay tuned and our pipeline is robust.

Yes. I think there's a couple of things there. Obviously, our backlog is very large right now in our residential business. Again, we usually look at this as 1 to 2 weeks. Now we're close to 2 months. So obviously, as you burn the backlog, you'll get back to a normal rate.
Supply chain is certainly part of the constraint. I would also tell you that if you remember back in February, a freak storm went through the Southeast and hit our plant in Tyler, Texas, where we had a partial roof collapse of our building there. A relatively small portion of the building, but we did have to recover from that. I think our team did a great job of recovering that, even during peak season. I think -- first of all, nobody was hurt, which is a good thing. I think the plant was up and running, producing product within 5 days. And that ramp-up is going as scheduled. 
It is a ramp-up though. So it was a disruption that we've overcome. We're producing at rate now. And obviously, we're producing a lot of product because we had record revenue in the month of -- or in the second quarter. That said, supply chain is really our constraint right now, and we're managing through it, and we have line of sight to seeing the fourth quarter be a bit better than the third quarter.

Yes. We're seeing -- certainly saw strength in the second quarter in both education and health care. Very strong verticals for us, and we're seeing nice activity there. Our pipeline going forward remains very robust. Our pipeline is defined as orders that aren't yet closed that we're talking to customers about. So we have a great value proposition in both of those verticals. So we see strength there for -- into the future.

Yes. We do see it as a 1% to 2% tailwind for our business into the future. That said, this year we'll be closer to 2%. We are seeing day 2 activity in the education vertical as we provided road maps to our customers, how they could upgrade their infrastructure and obviously, now with stimulus funding becoming available, some of that is happening. So that's good news.
The other thing we're seeing is we're seeing a lot of demand in the office space for audits, is the indoor air quality audits as people are thinking about how they're going to get their employees back to the office. So that's upticked nicely. And we're going to go through the same exact process we did with the education vertical and the office vertical. So we see that coming back as well.
The other thing I would tell you, Andy, is it's getting more and more difficult to say what is indoor air quality worse versus what is just part of an applied system. So it's very similar to maybe like controls, where it's -- if you tell me the controls number, I'm not sure what you're referring to. It's getting to be that on the indoor air quality as these solutions to have better indoor air quality are being embedded in our applied systems.

Yes. I wouldn't be concerned at all about the low order intake in Q2. I mean if you go back to Q1, we had unbelievable bookings growth. So -- and it's really just customers placing orders for the full year. So we're not concerned about the order intake in our Thermo King business at all. That said, we are seeing some constraints on the trailer OEMs, okay? And every trailer that they don't manufacture, we see that volume pushing into 2022. Obviously, you're not going to sell a trailer reefer unit if you don't have a box to put it on. 
If you look at 2022, at least in the Americas, if you look at the ACT Report, they now have the trailer market at 51,100, which is 17% above what they have 2021 -- I'm sorry, for 2022, they have it at 51,100. So it's 17% above 2021. So it's going to be robust. If you go out to 2023, they're forecasting now at least the trailer market to be in the mid-40,000 range, which, by the way, is where the industry has been in North America for really 9 of the last 10 years if you exclude 2020. So we see -- certainly, 2022 will be a strong year. I think it's a little early to call the exact percentage there, but it will be a strong year for our Thermo King business.

The operating system that we have in place today, Steve, versus what we had in '16, '17, I mean, we're able to really hone in what we need to do in pricing real time almost. And remember, most applied jobs are -- there's not a price list for an applied job.

Yes. Our unitary business was up well over 30% on an incoming order rate basis. So we're very strong in unitary.

No, revenue had a little bit of back -- actually, it was pretty close in revenue, too, but a bit -- a little bit less than that.

Yes. We're not -- obviously, with the incoming order rates, we're seeing very strong demand, John. So we're not seeing delays there. But what we are seeing is we are seeing delays in job sites being ready to receive equipment. So we have seen that. It started to pick up in the second quarter. I think the construction industry is certainly struggling getting skilled labor. And we have seen several job sites push out, which is causing our backlog again to be very strong in our commercial space. Obviously, we're not going to ship a product to a job site if the customer is not ready to receive it. Not on the incoming side, but certainly on the outgoing side, we've seen some delays.

Sure, John. I mean, a little color on Europe, okay? Order rates up 53%. Revenue up close to 30%, I think it was up 28%. We saw substantial strength in both businesses, both our commercial HVAC and our Thermo King business, and it's really led by innovation. And if you look at our commercial HVAC business, we're seeing high demand for our variable water flow systems, which is really the electrification of heating. We're also seeing high demand for industrial process cooling as we've been able to expand the operating maps of our products so we can now work in the industrial cooling space. So again, it's really led by innovation.
If I go to our Thermo King business, I would tell you that the Advancer product that we introduced 1.5 years ago, I mean we're just -- it is exceeding customers' expectations. I had a customer that I talked into ordering some Advancer units early on. And I told them about the expectations they should have for this product. The customer literally emailed me about a week ago and said, "You were wrong in your expectations." And I was concerned, then I read out in the e-mail and have said, "You actually exceeded what you told me you were going to do from an energy efficiency standpoint for the Advancer product and I want to order more." So the Advancer is really just -- it's a step function change in the trailer reefers space in Europe, and we couldn't be happier for -- I couldn't be happier for that team and I'm so proud of that team, what they've been able to accomplish. So it's a great story for us in Europe, and we expect continued success in the future.

Yes. I think our Asia business continues to execute well. In the quarter, I think our incoming order rate was in the low teens, which is nice growth. We're continuing to see -- margin expansion is another great story. Chris talked about that earlier. We had, I think it's 270 basis points of margin. If you look at it on a 2-year stack, if you go back 4 years from when we made the significant investment we did in our sales force, it's up over 500 basis points. So we're very happy with our performance, what's happening right now in Asia.
If your question is really around China, we see what the government is doing there as a tailwind for our business. You think about what they're doing in the carbon trade market, I think they launched that in July. Again, that's -- we're all about decarbonizing the built environment, and we have the portfolio of products to do that. So -- and again, if you look out further with their goals to be carbon neutral by 2060, we have -- we're going to play a big part in helping the government there achieve those targets. So there's a big built environment there. There's a lot of product to replace and we have a great portfolio to help with the mission to decarbonize China specifically, but really the whole world.

Yes. And Chris brings up a good point there. The discipline around the order side as we get closer to the customer and we can explain our value proposition, it's a great story there, the whole build-out of the direct sales force becoming basis of design. We're very happy with our results in Asia right now.