Thanks, Zach and everyone, for joining us on today's call.  
Let's turn to Slide #3. I'd like to open with a few comments on our purpose-driven strategy, the engine that enables us to deliver differentiated shareholder returns over time. Our strategy is firmly rooted in our purpose to challenge what's possible for a sustainable world and aligned to the mega trends that are only getting stronger. We are seeing the impact of climate change on the world every day, including more extreme weather events and far-reaching effects on air quality, water quality, food production and human health. The science is clear. There is no time to wait. The world must take action now to limit global warming and mitigate the effects of climate change.  
That's where our purpose meets our strategy. Trane Technologies is already taking action to dramatically reduce emissions through innovative solutions that drive electrification, energy efficiency and emissions reductions for commercial buildings, homes and transport. We have set aggressive science-based emission reduction targets that continue to push our innovation further and faster. Customers continue to choose us as their partner in achieving their sustainability goals while improving performance and efficiency. Our relentless approach to innovate, strong customer focus and purpose-driven culture enable us to consistently outgrow our end markets. This in turn helps us drive strong margin and powerful free cash flow to deploy through our balanced capital allocation strategy. The end result is strong value creation across the board, for our customers, for our team, for our shareholders and for the planet.  
Moving to Slide #4. While we'll cover the details of the quarter and our outlook throughout our discussion today, the primary message I'd like investors to take away from today's call is that the company has never been in a stronger position to deliver highly differentiated financial performance and shareholder returns over the long term. Our end markets are strong. And our innovation leadership is at the apex of powerful secular megatrends of energy efficiency and decarbonization, which is enabling us to win customers at an unprecedented pace. 
Our business operating system remains at the core of everything we do and is delivering strong price realization to offset the impact of inflation, which is running at multiples of even the highest historical levels. And our balance sheet, liquidity position and ability to deliver strong free cash flow provides a solid financial foundation. We have exceptional firepower and optionality to not only navigate near-term macro challenges, but to flourish as they abate.  
Our strong performance in the first quarter is ahead of our initial guidance expectations on both incremental price to offset higher inflation and on volume growth. While it's still early in the year and the macro environments remain very dynamic, our performance in Q1 serves to increase our confidence that we're on pace to meet or exceed our full year guidance. Our booking levels remain extremely high, reflecting strong share gains in virtually every area of our business, with supply chain challenges impacting throughput in the near term. 
The absolute booking levels we've delivered over the past year have been extraordinary. There was a tendency to focus on bookings growth trends, but growth trends may be misleading when absolute numbers move step functions higher than any historical reference period. We encourage investors and analysts to consider both absolute bookings and bookings growth to get a fuller picture. 
Our first quarter provides a prime example. Organic sales were up 12%, while organic bookings were up about half that amount, up 6%. A fairly normal reaction to bookings growth being half the level of revenue growth might be to assume that the book-to-bill ratio would be negative and that backlog would be lower as a result. 
However, given our tremendous bookings growth in Q1 of 2021 of over 30%, absolute bookings in the first quarter of 2022 were still extremely high at $4.3 billion. Even with strong revenue growth of 12%, absolute revenues in the first quarter of 2022 were $3.4 billion. It may be counterintuitive, but bookings exceeded revenues by more than $800 million. Our book-to-bill was extremely strong at 129% and our backlog grew more than 50% year-over-year. Backlog also grew $800 million or 15% sequentially from Q4 to Q1. 
Given extremely high levels of bookings throughout 2021, we believe this is an important area to watch to gauge strength as we move forward. With $16.8 billion in bookings and $14.1 billion in revenues in fiscal 2021, the dynamic I referenced as an example from Q1 will be present throughout the year. As I look at our business, the strong secular trends, our leading innovation, unprecedented customer demand, and record backlogs and the financial health of our company, I'm very bullish about the future. We have all the fundamental ingredients to deliver differentiated financial performance and strong shareholder returns over the long term.  
Please turn to Slide #5. On Earth Day, we released our 2021 environmental, social and governance report. The report highlights our notable progress towards our science-based greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets, diversity and inclusion commitments and other sustainability goals. I am proud of the progress we made last year. We exceeded or met nearly all of our annual targets on our glide path towards our 2030 sustainability commitments. We reduced carbon emissions, energy use, waste and water. In addition, we increased the representation of women in leadership and workforce diversity reflective of our communities. I encourage you to read the full report. It's available on our website.  
Building on the momentum captured in our 2021 report, I'm happy to announce that we recently learned that our 2050 net 0 targets were validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. At this time, we are the first company in our industry and 1 of only 11 companies globally to have 2050 net 0 targets validated. This is another example of how we are leading and challenging what is possible for a sustainable world, and we encourage like-minded companies to join us. Looking forward, I am confident we will continue to innovate, take bold actions and transform the world for a better tomorrow today.  
Please turn to Slide #6. Customer demand for our climate-focused innovation continues to grow. We delivered another quarter of robust organic bookings, up 6% in the first quarter. Organic revenues were also strong, up 12%. Supply constraints are impacting each of our segments, with particular tight supply as we move up the food chain on product complexity. Generally speaking, the more intelligent and complex the product, the more chipsets they require and the more constrained the supply in the near term. Given extremely high levels of demand and backlog more than double historical norms, unconstrained revenues would be significantly higher in every segment.  
As mentioned previously, our bookings in the quarter totaled $4.3 billion, far exceeding our revenue of $3.4 billion, which were in part constrained by global supply chain and other macro challenges. With these robust bookings, our backlog grew to a record $6.2 billion.  
Our Americas commercial HVAC business continues to deliver extremely strong bookings. Over the past 4 quarters, bookings growth has averaged nearly 30%, and Q1 bookings were up approximately 35%. Strength was broad-based, with applied and unitary each up more than 50%. Service bookings were also strong, up mid-teens. Demand for our comprehensive solutions remained strong and contributed to our low-teens organic revenue growth in commercial HVAC Americas.  
The residential HVAC markets also remained strong. Our residential HVAC team delivered mid-single-digits bookings growth and low-teens revenue growth in the quarter. As expected, Transport Americas bookings were down in the quarter on tough prior year compare and because we intentionally constrained demand in order to manage inflationary risks. Unconstrained demand would be much stronger, but customers understand the dynamics and are working closely with us on slots. Bookings remained at healthy levels, with bookings in excess of revenues in the quarter and adding to backlog sequentially from Q4. Revenues were strong, up mid-teens. 
Turning to EMEA. We continue to see strong demand for our innovative products and services that help reduce energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions for our customers. EMEA commercial HVAC bookings were up low teens and revenues were up low single-digits. As expected, transport bookings were down on tough prior year compares. Similar to our America Transport business, we are intentionally constraining demand in order to manage inflationary risks. Absolute bookings remained at healthy levels, with bookings in excess of revenues and backlog up sequentially from Q4. Revenues were strong, up high single-digits.  
Our Asia Pacific team delivered strong bookings and revenue growth of 14%, supported  by broad-based growth in China and across the region.  
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris.  
Please turn to Slide #9. As we've discussed throughout the call, underlying demand for our innovative products and services have never been higher, with unprecedented levels of bookings and backlog across our businesses. Commercial HVAC Americas has significantly outperformed the broader markets over a number of years through relentless innovation for our customers. We're driving unprecedented demand, with orders up nearly 30% over the past 4 consecutive quarters, which is indicative of our clear market leadership. And we're exiting the first quarter with another quarter of record backlog, up more than 70% year-over-year and more than double historical norms. 
End markets remain strong, with a variety of economic indicators pointing to growth in 2022. Unemployment is low. And indicators like the Architectural Billing Index, which has been over 50 since February of 2021, remain favorable. Demand remains strong in data center, warehouse, education and health care. 
Every day, we see customers establishing their own sustainability targets. We're creating decarbonization road maps and helping them to achieve their targets with our customized system-based approach. We're helping our K-12 customers deploy federal stimulus funds to improve the indoor air quality of schools. We see both decarbonization and indoor air quality as multiyear tailwinds for our business, given our deep customer relationships and expertise. 
Demand for our residential products remains strong. We entered the second quarter with tailwinds from record backlog and expected strong price realization. We see headwinds from lapping tough growth compares from 2021.  
Turning to Americas Transport. ACT projects continued market growth through their forecast horizon of 2023. I'll talk more about transport outlook in our Topics of Interest section.  
Turning to EMEA. While we have muted expectations for market growth, with a volatile geopolitical backdrop continuing, demand for our sustainability-focused systems and services remain strong, and we continue to see good opportunities for market outgrowth.  
Turning to Asia. We are monitoring the COVID lockdowns in China and their broader impact on the region. Outside of Shanghai, we have a plant impacted by the lockdowns that provide equipment or components to support our customers in China and the rest of Asia. Our guidance assumes China reopens mid-May. And any revenue impact due to the China lockdowns during Q2 will be recouped in the second half of the year. For the year, we continue to see underlying strength in China's data center, electronics, pharmaceutical and health care markets. 
Outside of China, the picture is mixed, with COVID-related lockdowns still impacting market expansion in some countries. Our direct sales model is differentiated in the region and provides good opportunities for market outgrowth in both equipment and services.  
Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris to outline our guidance for Q2 and full year 2022. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. 
Please go to Slide #16. Global transport markets are expected to remain healthy through 2023. ACT has recently moderated their expectations for transport growth in North America for 2022, largely driven by expected OEM trailer supply chain constraints. European forecasts have moderated somewhat also, reflecting current OEM supply constraints and uncertainty related to the conflict in the Ukraine. Weighted average transport market growth in America is 8%, down about 4 points. EMEA market transport growth is forecasted to be flat, down about 3 points from our previous outlook. After clear share gains in truck, trailer and APU globally in 2021, we're expecting global outgrowth in 2022 as well. 
Please go to Slide #17. We've updated the transport growth outlook slide for North America in the slide deck for reference and additional transparency. ACT continues to call for a 9-year average for North America trailers, in the mid-40,000 unit range through 2023, with the pandemic in 2020 being the only significant outlier. 
Please go to Slide #18. Energy efficiency, decarbonization and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger. We are uniquely positioned to deliver leading innovation that addresses these trends and accelerates the world's progress, supported by our business transformation and our engaging uplifting culture. Despite a number of persistent macro challenges, Q1 was a record quarter for us, which provides a solid foundation as we move into the rest of the year. While it's still early in the year, our first quarter performance and our outlook for the second quarter have us well positioned to meet or exceed our full year guidance. We're seeing unprecedented levels of demand for our innovative products and services. And our backlog has never been stronger. We're executing our business operating system well and expect to continue to successfully navigate macro challenges with a customer-first mindset. 
We believe we have the fundamental ingredients to deliver strong performance across the board in 2022 and beyond and to continue to drive differentiated shareholder returns over the long term. 
And now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Absolutely. I mean we're seeing unprecedented demand right now as you saw in our results in the first quarter. And a lot of it has to do with our new innovations around products that are helping our customers decarbonize, which is just a massive opportunity in the future.

We're still seeing strong growth in Europe. I think you also have some regulation that's starting to come through there where fossil fuels are just not going to be permitted in certain countries. We see that continuing to grow with -- I think Germany was the latest country to adopt that type of legislation. So a lot of the products that we have, and I think we're now on our -- I was just over in Europe a couple of weeks ago. And we're on our fifth generation thermal management system, which is really the combination of a boiler and a chiller into a system which allows the customer to accelerate their decarbonization efforts by eliminating fossil fuel. So we're excited about the opportunity. It keeps growing. We keep innovating for it. And I would tell you, it's not just unique to Europe. We're seeing it really on a global basis.

Yes. I mean, let me just take a higher level first. I mean, we've had a manufacturing strategy for years of -- in region, for region. So the factory that were -- is in lockdown is in the Shanghai region. But understand that about 90% of our supply chain tends to follow our manufacturing strategy. So think of it as a manufacturing plant, you have about 90% of that located in that same region. We anticipate the factory will be back online in the quarter. The pause, as we said earlier, will result in approximately $80 million to $100 million in revenue moving out of the quarter. We plan on making it up in the back half of the year. We're starting to see some positive signs where we see some movement happening in the area again. So we'll stay tuned. But right now, our guide has us reopening in the second half of the month that we're in.

Yes. I'll start with being able to recoup. We have a lot of capacity in our facilities there. So we're pretty confident we'll be able to -- once we get turned back on, we'll be able to turn back on. We also have a smaller workforce in our facility today with obviously a proper permission for them to be there to making sure that all of our equipment is, in fact, being run. Some of these precision machines, you need to make sure they stay fine-tuned. So we're proactively doing that. So when the word is go, we're ready to go. So we'll be able to -- we're pretty confident we can recoup this in the back half of the year. 
Chris, do you want to talk about pricing?

Yes. I mean, I'd tell you, if you think about the Americas, our commercial HVAC business continues to see very healthy end markets. Very low unemployment, positive Architectural Billing Index for 14 months in a row now, which is just a great indicator for 6 to 9 months. Applied and unitary bookings were both up over 50% in the quarter, 50%. So we're seeing tremendous demand right now. And we believe that that's going to continue. We're seeing broad-based growth, too. So electronics, data centers, education, health care, office. I mean, as I looked across the verticals last week, I was -- I couldn't find a vertical that was down. So we're continuing to see very strong demand there. Decarbonization of the built environment continues to be a tailwind for us. Indoor air quality continues to be a tailwind. So a lot of strength in the commercial HVAC business in the America. 
If you go over to res, it's only about 20% of our business, but we saw a strong quarter. The team did well there. 6% order growth, and that comes against a very tough compare, where last year, we were up -- the exact number was north of 40%. So very strong growth there. And as far as share goes, it's hard for me to say in a constrained environment. You could look at order share and shipping share and get 2 totally different answers. Our product is obviously -- and our backlog is more weighted towards our applied complex products. And as we said in our opening remarks, think about that as where the constraint tends to be more. The more intelligent your product is, the more chipsets that are required, the more constrained in the short term. But long term, we're very, very bullish about our market share gains. And we're very bullish, too, about what we're seeing in the market and hitting the spots with our innovations.

Yes. It's a good question. It's not [ 30% ], but order rates remained strong in the first quarter, up 6%. And that was a bit of a surprise to us considering we were up 40% the prior year. So the demand continues to be strong. Our independent sell-through was strong. The inventory in the channel is about where we expect it to be. In the first quarter, we had growth in the new construction channel, although it's a smaller portion of our business. We'll watch interest rates there and see what happens. But to use your words, we don't see it falling off a cliff, the replacement cycle. Again, resi is about 20% of our business. So even if the replacement cycle did drop 10%, which we don't see it happening, it would be about a 2% drop for the enterprise. And the amount of opportunities that we are seeing in the decarbonization opportunities in both our commercial HVAC business and our Thermo King business on a global basis will far exceed that.

Yes. Really, our business operating system is really being leveraged across the enterprise right now. We see what's coming around the corner, and the teams are being very proactive. Andy, you also asked a question about mix. Yes, mix helped us a bit in the quarter. We are seeing mix up. And that really -- that's a good news story because that's where a lot of our innovation is.

Yes. Let me start, and then I'll ask Chris to comment a little bit on the pricing side. As far as the volume is concerned, what we saw in the first quarter, it's not -- it's a demand -- it's -- our demand is constrained by supply. Okay? So with our backlog, if we had unconstrained supply right now, we'd be shipping much more and we'd be invoicing much more. So in the first quarter, we opportunistically bought some, for lack of a better explanation, chipsets on the open market and spot buys, which we think is a good investment for retaining our customers. 
So we wanted to take care and we saw an opportunity, and we executed on it. And we saw more volume come through in the first quarter as a result of that. Now can that continue through the rest of the year? Supply chain, as we said in the fourth quarter, is going to be choppy through the first half of the year. We have more confidence in the back half of the year, working with our suppliers closely, understanding their constraints, understanding their commitments to us. Also, some help -- self-help redesigns that we have coming online in the third quarter, so that gives us confidence in the back half of the year. Chris, do you want to talk a little bit about pricing?

Yes. I don't have the direct split yet on the repair -- retrofit versus new. But I would tell you that it was strong across all verticals. Okay? Data centers, electronics. And it really just speaks volumes to the innovations that we've been able to put into the market. And we have customers that we're winning today because of the solutions that we're able to provide. 
And it's not just about the chiller. It's about the control system that goes with it. It's about the building controls. It's about being connected to the product. It's about being able to run AI algorithms against data that's in a data warehouse to improve the efficiency of buildings and data centers and hospitals. And it's all of that system of things that's just really -- we're in high gear here, and you could see it by the order rates that we're taking in. So we're -- the team is really excited. 
I've never -- I was out in one of our sales offices a couple of weeks ago, and I would tell you that the teams there have never been more pumped up about, #1, the innovation that we're providing them to go to talk to customers about and to win customers, but just the whole -- the strength that they're seeing within the marketplace. So it's an exciting time right now. We're hopeful that the -- and we believe it will, the back half of the year from a supply constraint will get better. And we'll take some of this massive backlog that we have right now, $6.2 billion of backlog. I never thought I would say that, $6.2 billion of backlog, which 90% of it is on our commercial HVAC business. We'll start shipping it, and we'll start taking care of customers.

No problem.

I thought -- Steve, I thought you were going to thank me for delivering such a strong first quarter.

Exactly. So services, think about services as 50-50, right? 50% of our business is services. Our services were up double digits, so low teens.

Yes. I mean, again, if you -- the comps get tough, right? Remember, last year, our order rates were up over 30% in virtually almost every quarter. So they get difficult. But I think you could be looking at -- if you look at a global basis, think about commercial HVAC as probably a bit positive. Think about Thermo King, again, where there's different dynamics going in, in that space, where we're actually constraining some of the incoming order rates purposely just to manage inflationary risks, that could be down a bit. So flattish, maybe plus or minus 1% or 2% on a global basis. Chris?

Yes. There's nothing like a big ESCO job that book. So these are -- this is just broad-based growth across many different verticals. And you think about what's happening with decarbonization, think about what's happening in the education vertical, think about what's happening with indoor air quality. In many verticals, it's nice tailwinds. We've been saying that for a while, and you're seeing it in our order books.

Yes. Longer than they normally will just because of our extended lead times, but nothing that I would say as extraordinary. It really is a supply constraint. If we had unlimited supply, we'd be shipping a lot of product right now.

Well, I'm not very paranoid as a person, so I won't use that term. But it really has to do with working with our suppliers. And it's just amazing open communication, understanding what their constraints are, understanding what our needs are. We have some of our, what we're calling self-help redesigns. We're simplifying some of our designs to help our suppliers have more throughput to us, whether it be with wire harnesses as a great example. And those are the kind of things that we've been executing on. A lot of those are going to come on in the back half of the year. So we've seen surprises before, but we're pretty confident that the back half is going to be better than what we've seen here, at least in the first half, which remains choppy. And our team is just doing an excellent job to managing this day to day. And if they have a problem, they triage it, they overcome it. We have incredible processes that we've set up now. And we're getting really, really sophisticated at executing when a problem does arise.

Yes. And Andrew, I would just add that even with interest rates, and I guess, we'll find out at 2:00 at least, East Coast time today, what the Fed decides to do. But they're still pretty low rates comparably to historical norms.

No problem. As far as the SEER transition, we don't see a big prebuy. I think it really has to do with the way this SEER change is being executed with the South. At least at the AC level, it's an installed base. So it's not a manufacturing date. The North has a manufacturing date. So think of it more as a phase in, phase out of inventory that we'll see in the South. We're actually really good at this with all of our innovation. We're constantly doing phase in, phase outs within our own plants. So we're taking those chapters out of our business operating system and helping our distributors manage their inventory in a proactive way. We don't see a big prebuy, and we're certainly more than ready for this transition to higher SEER products.

Yes. Specifically to Thermo King.

No. I think it's more about explaining to the customer that we're trying to ensure that, one, we can price it properly. But they're probably also getting constrained on another -- from another OEM as well, whether it be a trailer or a tractor. So we're trying to help them marry that demand up. So slotting in this industry is not new, and it's not only Thermal King. It's also trailers as well as tractors that are -- we're seeing some of that happen. So we're working with our customers. They know that these are -- we have some pretty loyal customers in our Thermo King business, as you can imagine, with the innovations that we have in our products. So we haven't seen customers move away from that. They understand the reason why, and they're working with us as that dynamic continues to persist.