Thanks, Zac, and everyone, for joining us on today's call. Let's turn to Slide #3. As we do each quarter, I'd like to spend a few minutes upfront on our focused sustainability strategy, the engine that enables us to deliver differentiated shareholder returns over time.  
Long-term sustainability megatrends continue to intensify, and our innovation leadership is transforming the climate industry as the world decarbonizes. Our aggressive goals and bold actions can dramatically reduce carbon emissions and accelerate the world's progress. This is more critical every day as the clock is ticking on climate change.  
That's why we are calling for businesses and governments to take stronger action at COP26 and why we continue to set aggressive science-based emission reduction targets to push our innovation further and faster. That innovation also extends to emerging trends as we see heightened focus on indoor air quality and strong momentum in aging infrastructure in our schools.  
We continue to make a difference consistently, relentlessly and over the long term. This unyielding approach drives market outgrowth over the long term, which in turn helps us drive strong margins and powerful free cash flow to deploy through our balanced capital allocation strategy. The end result is more value across the board for our customers, for our team, for our shareholders and for the planet.  
Moving to Slide #4. Our global team delivered solid execution in the third quarter, and we continue to target top quartile EPS growth for 2021. Bookings were once again exceptional in Q3, building on strong growth in both Q1 and Q2 and bringing our year-to-date organic bookings growth to over 25% for the enterprise. Underlying demand for our innovative products and services have never been stronger, and our Q3 ending backlog reflects this strength.  
In fact, Q3 ending backlog for the enterprise is up more than 70% or approximately $2 billion from year-end 2020 with all 3 of our business segments at record levels. Americas and EMEA have backlog that are up over 90% and 65%, respectively, from year-end 2020. We're well positioned to close out 2021 on a strong note and to enter 2022 with unprecedented levels of backlog as well.  
As we highlighted on our second quarter earnings call and in subsequent forums, global supply chains, logistics systems and labor markets remain tight, and inflation is persistent. Our global teams are focused on meeting the unique needs of our wide-ranging customer base and helping them solve complex challenges on a daily basis as we navigate a challenging yet positive demand and supply environment. Temporary supply chain delays on key materials impacted portions of our product portfolio, shifting the timing of approximately $150 million or 4% of our revenue out of the third quarter and into future periods.  
Working closely with our key suppliers and with our customers, we anticipate that between $50 million and $75 million or roughly 2% of the Q3 impact will shift into the fourth quarter, leaving our 2021 revenue guidance unchanged. We expect the remaining balance to shift into 2022.  
We also highlighted on our second quarter earnings call that persistent inflation would require us to execute an incremental $150 million in pricing actions in the second half of the year in order to neutralize the impact. Strong execution of our business operating system has enabled us to keep pace with the inflationary curve. In the third quarter, we realized approximately $150 million or 4.3% incremental price, offsetting approximately $150 million of inflation. Leverage was negligible as you would expect on flat volume. While adjusted operating income was modestly higher in the quarter, primarily reflecting nominal pull-through on M&A and FX growth, consistent with our expectations and our guidance.  
We continue to execute the business transformation projects we discussed in detail at our Investor Day in December and are on track to deliver approximately $90 million of incremental savings in 2021. These savings support leading innovation across our end markets through relentless high levels of business reinvestment. They also enable us to stay on track to deliver incremental margins of approximately 30% organic for fiscal 2021 despite persistent inflation, tight logistics systems and supply chain challenges.  
We're also on track to deliver powerful free cash flow of equal to or greater than 100% of net earnings. This provides us with strong optionality to deploy significant cash to opportunities now and in the future, including M&A and share repurchases. Lastly, we never lose sight of our long-term, purpose-driven strategy and the tremendous leadership role we can play in bending the curve on climate change. By changing the industry, we can change the world.  
Executing our purpose-driven strategy is how we will continue to deliver top-tier financial performance for our shareholders.  
Please turn to Slide #5. While we're still in the midst of our planning process for 2022 and anticipate providing guidance in conjunction with our fourth quarter earnings call, we thought it might be constructive to spend a few minutes discussing our initial thoughts on 2022 and some of the key dynamics we believe will be in play. While this is not a comprehensive list, it will highlight some of the key reasons why we're so excited about what the future holds for Trane Technologies as well as some of the key challenges we see on the road ahead.  
First, we expect to have strong fundamentals entering the year. Exiting Q3, backlog in our Americas and EMEA segments are both at unprecedented levels, up over 90% and up over 65% versus December of 2020, respectively. Asia also has record backlog, up nearly 20%. If we very conservatively plot out bookings through the balance of 2021, we anticipate entering 2022 with at least 70% more backlog in the Americas and EMEA than we entered 2020. I've been in this business a long time, and I've never entered any year with a stronger backlog position, which bodes well for us in 2022.  
Another fundamental strength entering 2022 is the foundation of our business operating system. Strong execution of our business operating system has enabled us to stay ahead of the persistent inflation through 2021 and position us well to manage additional inflationary pressures and deliver strong price realization again in 2022. And we'll continue to drive transformation savings in 2022 that will support high levels of business reinvestment and continued innovation. These savings will also support healthy incremental margins in what we expect to be another year of tight conditions for supply chain, labor markets and logistics systems.  
Looking out to 2022, we also expect to see continued acceleration of the strong secular sustainability megatrends that are so tightly aligned with our purpose-driven business strategy. Decarbonization of the built environment is accelerating. U.S. education stimulus dollars are being put to good use, upgrading our aging infrastructure. And momentum around indoor air quality upgrades, retrofits and new projects continues. Additionally, the global economy is expected to continue to recover in 2022 with solid underlying GDP and other economic indicators driving broader expansion in the nonresidential markets.  
Lastly, we're excited about the future of transport refrigeration markets where ACT and IHS are plotting a steady growth path forward in both 2022 and 2023. All in, we're exceptionally well positioned for strong performance in 2022 and beyond.  
Please turn to Slide #6. Customer demand for our innovative climate control products and services continues to grow. We delivered another quarter of robust organic bookings growth, up 20% with growth across all segments and business units. Customer demand has been high all year, with organic bookings up over 25% year-to-date, driving record backlog in each segment. Organic revenues were also up 4%, driven by continued strong price execution.  
Our Americas commercial HVAC business delivered robust bookings growth in the quarter with orders up over 30%. Strength was broad-based with applied and unitary bookings both up more than 50% and service bookings up high teens. Demand for system-focused indoor air quality solutions remain strong and contributed to our mid-single-digit revenue growth in commercial HVAC Americas.  
The residential HVAC markets continue to be strong, and our residential team delivered low single-digit bookings growth, building on nearly 40% growth in the third quarter of 2020. Revenues were flat in the quarter as demand outpaced supply. And we entered the fourth quarter with record backlog, up more than 150% year-over-year and up from prior record backlog at the end of the second quarter.  
With year-to-date organic bookings up over 80% and year-to-date organic revenue up over 30%, our Americas transport refrigeration business is significantly outperforming the North America transport markets. During the third quarter, with most of 2021 orders already in the backlog, we opened up our 2022 order book solely for the first quarter of 2022, which drove bookings growth of more than 20%. We are methodically managing our 2022 order book in order to mitigate inflationary risks. Organic revenues were also strong, up low to mid-teens.  
Turning to EMEA. We continue to see strong demand for our innovative products and services that help reduce energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions for our customers. Our EMEA teams delivered 25% organic bookings growth in the quarter with strong growth in both commercial HVAC and transport refrigeration. Revenues were also strong, up 8%, led by high-teens organic revenue growth in transport refrigeration.  
Our Asia Pacific team delivered bookings growth of 11%. Revenue grew 1% in the quarter. Though we saw growth in China during the quarter, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic continue to be challenging in the region with low vaccination rates in some countries.  
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #9. Commercial HVAC Americas has significantly outperformed the broader markets over a number of years through strong focus, agility and execution combined with relentless innovation for our customers. These defining characteristics compounded by the strength in the underlying market conditions power the business forward today, yielding bookings growth of over 30% in the quarter, an exceptional backlog entering Q4. Bookings strength was universal across nearly every vertical market and major product category. End markets continue to improve. Vaccination rates are improving. And end market indicators are generally strong, with ABI over 50 since February and a healthy GDP.  
Data centers and warehouse demand remain strong. Education and health care end market demand is also growing. We're benefiting from increased demand across our K-12 customers with federal stimulus funds supporting both current and more importantly, future growth. We see this as a multiyear tailwind for our business given our strong position in the education market and our direct sales force with deep relationships in this vertical.  
Our residential end markets remain strong. As I mentioned previously, we delivered low single-digit bookings growth in the quarter, compounding on nearly 40% growth in the prior year. And we are entering the fourth quarter with unprecedented backlog. I'm proud of our residential team that has continued to meet customer demand while ramping capacity after our February weather event in our Texas facility. The team delivered historically high revenues in Q3 and is on track for capacity expansion in advance of next year's cooling season.  
Turning to Americas transport. We're significantly outgrowing strong end markets in 2021. ACT market forecasts are projecting strong growth in 2022 and 2023 as well. I'll talk more about the transport outlook in our topics of interest section.  
Turning to EMEA. Economic conditions are improving across the region. We expect continued improvement for the remainder of the year with increased vaccination rates supporting the opening of an increased number and variety of venues. Transport markets have been strengthening throughout the year, and we're on track to outperform end markets in 2021 as evidenced by our year-to-date performance.  
Turning to Asia. We expect growth in China in 2021, supported by increased vaccination rates and strength in data centers, electronics, pharmaceutical and health care. Outside of China, the picture is mixed, with vaccination and economic recovery rates still low in some countries.  
Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #15. I wanted to spend a couple of minutes providing an update on the transport refrigeration markets for 2021 as we've seen the forecast shift a fair amount since our second quarter earnings call.  
I think the primary takeaway this quarter is that ACT is projecting an extended and more gradual upturn in the North America transport refrigeration markets than initially projected. North America trailers is probably the clearest example and one of the most watched by investors and analysts as a proxy for the overall transport refrigeration health. ACT started out the year projecting an almost immediate snapback in the North America trailer production in 2021, up 39%, off the lows of the pandemic in 2020.  
As trailer OEMs have had a challenging year producing enough trailers to meet the forecast, ACT has gradually pulled the forecast down and is now projecting a strong but more gradual improvement in 2021, up 18%, and continued improvement in production rates in both 2022 and 2023, up another 18% and 14%, respectively. If you look at the all-in weighted average market forecast for North America transport refrigeration, 2021 is now expected to be up about 14% versus 24% projected in July. Year-to-date, our Thermo King Americas transport refrigeration business is up more than 30%, clearly outperforming the markets, and we expect to outperform the markets for the full year as well.  
Looking at IHS and other key indicators for EMEA markets, the outlook has improved about 3 points with the weighted average market growth now expected to be about 12% for 2021. Year-to-date, our Thermo King EMEA business is up more than 20%, clearly outperforming the markets, and we expect outperformance for the full year 2021 as well.  
Please go to Slide #16. We added a second transport refrigeration slide to the deck this quarter to add more color around the North America trailer market from both backward- and forward-looking perspectives. One of the things we've talked about over the past several quarters is the North America trailer market has not been particularly volatile over the past several years, and it's not projected to be particularly volatile over the ACT forecast horizon either.  
On the left side of the page, you can see the visual depiction of what we've been describing. We chart ACT's reported actual trailer units built going back to 2015 and ACT's forecast for trailer builds through their forecast horizon of 2023. The 9-year average is in the mid-40,000 unit range with the pandemic in 2020 being the only significant outlier. We also see that good growth is projected in both 2022 and 2023.  
It's important to note that our global transport refrigeration business is highly diversified. Trailer is an important part of the global mix at about 25% of the total. However, we're focused on strong execution across the transport refrigeration portfolio, which we believe will further help reduce variability of this business over time.  
Please go to Slide #17. 2021 is shaping up to be a strong year for us overall despite a number of macro challenges that we expect to continue over the near term. We're seeing unprecedented levels of demand for our products and services across the board, and our backlog has never been stronger. We're executing our business operating system well and staying ahead of persistent inflation with strong price realization. And we expect to deliver top quartile EPS growth for the full year.  
Energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger. We are uniquely positioned to deliver leading innovation that addresses these trends and accelerates the world's progress, supported by a business transformation and our engaging uplifting culture. We are proud to have been recognized by Forbes as one of the best employers for diversity and best employers for women and by Fortune as one of the best workplaces in manufacturing. It's our people that power our innovation and bring our purpose to life every day. We have many reasons to be excited about our prospects for strong performance as we look to 2022 and beyond. When combined with our exceptional ability to generate free cash flow and our balanced capital deployment, we are well positioned to continue to drive differentiated shareholder returns over the long term.  
And now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. Sure, Joe. Great question. Tight supply chain really globally. We talked about it during our second quarter earnings call. It caused us to push about $150 million of revenue out of the quarter as we said. We think we'll get about $50 million to $75 million of that back in the fourth quarter. 
Our team is doing a great job of managing the supply chain constraints. We chose not to include a slide in our deck telling you the 50 things that we're doing to manage our suppliers or help our suppliers. But I could assure you that supply chain resiliency has been part of our business operating system for a long time. And I can assure you that Trane Technologies employees around the globe are working hand-in-hand with our suppliers ensuring that we could take literally pages out of our operating system and help them implement it. 
We think it's going to be choppy for a while in the supply chain, at least for the foreseeable future. It's a little bit -- I think I mentioned in the second quarter call, it's a little bit like when you were a kid, you played that game whack-a-mole where we fix one problem and another problem pops up. But if you're looking for overarching kind of like where we're seeing constraints, I don't think we're -- I know we're not any different than what you probably already heard from the rest of the industrials that have reported. Electronics, resins, semiconductors, wire harnesses, these are all areas that, certainly at an overarching level, we're seeing supply chain constraints. 
That said, just a couple of points I want to make. One is we're working very closely with our customers. It's very important that in some cases, our customers are having supply chain constraints on the job sites, which is causing them to push out jobs. So we're working with them to make sure that we could deliver a product when they need it. If you look at our Thermo King business, we're really aligning with our customers there around build slots that they're getting from the trailer OEMs, tractor suppliers. So this hand-in-hand relationship with the customer, it's pretty dynamic right now. 
And then the last point I'd like to make, Joe, is that I know we talked a lot about supply chain constraints. We also have to be fair to our suppliers. I know many of them are probably listening to the call or will read the transcript. We are putting tremendous pressure on our suppliers with the amount of demand that we're seeing in the marketplace right now. If you look at our commercial HVAC business in the Americas, I mean, unitary and applied both are up over 50% incoming order rates in the third quarter. So with that kind of -- you can imagine, we're pushing that right out to our suppliers and putting orders on them. So they're seeing some pretty big spikes that they're having to manage through. 
Your question on is there a particular business, it's pretty widespread, more acute maybe in our Thermo King business. We had a couple of suppliers there that we've worked through some of the issues with. So we're pretty confident that we'll be able to rebound there in the fourth quarter. We're also seeing -- we're seeing it across the globe. But the other business I would call out is probably our commercial HVAC business. Certainly there, the resin impact and kind of the knock-on effect that we've been seeing now for several quarters.

Yes. The only thing I would add to that, Joe, is that price is never easy to get despite what people may think. But when you have an innovative portfolio of products, it becomes that much easier. As you're selling additional value to your customer, being able to get pricing, it becomes a little bit easier.

Sure. Yes. It's a good question. As far as the demand goes, we had said early on that we thought it would be 1% to 2% tailwind. We're seeing 2% this year. Pipeline is strong. What started out to be strong in really just health care and education, we're now seeing it in office and other verticals. So that's the good news. 
And the other thing I would tell you that if you remember, we had an approach where we were doing indoor air quality audits where we would do a day one activity where we do the audit to make the environment as safe as possible today with existing assets. And then we kind of give a road map as to how you would do day 2 activity. Those day 2 activities are really starting to come through for us, especially in the education with some stimulus funds flowing there. So that's a good news story. 
As far as -- we see indoor air quality as a megatrend that's not going to go away. It's top of mind. I mean Trane Technologies has always had a robust focus on indoor air quality. It was always big in the health care vertical. It's now top-of-mind in all verticals. But we don't see this stopping. We see people constantly asking about indoor air quality. I would tell you that we're building it into our systems, which is kind of your second point, your second question there is. This is now integrated into a system, and we're seeing nice traction there in all verticals.

Yes. Just to add there, Scott, we're really seeing a lot of traction, especially with our dry hydrogen peroxide solutions. And this is predominantly in the education vertical as we're building this into the systems. And the dry hydrogen peroxide solution, the unique innovation there is that these molecules last longer. So if you think about a school room where you have students that are moving around to different classrooms on different desks, these molecules actually settle on the desk so they clean the air as well as the surface. And we're getting a lot of traction around that.

The other thing I would add to that is, obviously, we've got pricing built in, we've got mechanisms in place. We also think that our backlog is very firm, okay? We're not seeing cancellations of our backlog, and we don't anticipate any cancellations for our backlog in the future.

Yes. I mean we look at our resi business at a very high level as a GDP-plus business. So if you could tell us what GDP is, you could tell us what consumer confidence is, we could dial in with our residential business and how it's going to perform. That said, obviously, we have detailed models that we go through, and it's really just to validate our high-level approach. So GDP is projected to be positive next year, and we do not see the resi business falling off a cliff in 2022. We see a GDP-plus business.

Julian, the only thing I would add to that is that the operating system, I don't want to -- don't underestimate the amount of work we've put in to building our operating system to stay ahead of these inflationary curves. I mean as Chris said, it was -- the last time we had this type of inflation, it took us several quarters to overcome it. And now we're in the quarter being able to offset it. So we're very proud of what we've been able to do there.

Yes. Julian, I think you're in the ballpark for Q4. We left the full year guide intentionally intact given we can see the pushout of some revenues into the fourth quarter, the $50 million to $75 million. Really, from my perspective, our perspective, the backlog and the demand is very firm. It really comes down to supply chain, and that's why we got to squiggle $6.05 on the full year from an EPS -- adjusted EPS perspective. So could it be a little better? Could it be a little worse? I think we're right around that $6.05 based on how we see the supply chains today, but it's really going to be dependent on that. But yes, you're in the ballpark for fourth quarter. We'll see how leverage kind of plays out for next year. I think we're certainly expecting an inflationary environment next year. With pricing actions, we'll need to continue to moderate that. But we'll have more insight on that as we get into January.

Good question. Yes, we do. Any kind of a long-term contract price escalation is built into it. So that's taking into consideration we have our service agreements.

Yes. I mean if you look at it, it's really phenomenal what's happening right now. I mean we had 30% order growth in the first quarter. We had 30% order growth in the second quarter. And here we are in the third quarter talking about 20%. And in some of our businesses, I call our commercial HVAC, I mean the equipment is up 50% there. So I don't anticipate that bookings will continue at the 30% growth rates. But I would tell you that we're seeing a lot of demand right now for our innovations in the marketplace, whether it be in the Thermo King business or in the commercial HVAC business. That's really driving a lot of this demand for us. And we also have these tailwinds behind us around sustainability and the decarbonization of the built environment that is only gaining momentum. So we like what we see here going into 2022. We're going to have record backlogs. And we'll see what 2022 is from an incoming order rates. But right now, we really like the position we have going in.

Yes. I mean innovation, you kind of hit on it, Andy. That's what's really driving us in EMEA. And it's just such a great place to be. I mean the Advancer product in our Thermo King business, it's exceeding our expectations. If you look at what we've been able to do with the electrification of heating in the HVAC business, again, it's in tremendous demand, tremendous demand. So I don't want to get into specifics as to how big we are and how large our market is there. But I would tell you that it is propelling our growth. And we're excited about what the pipeline looks like in the future. But -- and rest assured, the innovations are continuing there. As we continue to look to expand the -- what we call the operating maps of how our HVAC product works, we're going for higher temperatures on the heating side and lower temperatures on the cooling side, which are only going to expand our market further.

Yes. I mean Asia Pacific is about 10% of Trane Technologies. It's an important region for us. We'll talk about it in 2 different pieces, talk about China first. Obviously, GDP is pretty well documented. It has slowed a bit in the third quarter, at least versus expectations. I think it was 4.9%, and expectations were over 6%. So it is slowing a bit in China. I would tell you though, where it continues to grow, think about electronics, pharmaceutical, data centers, health care, are also verticals that we're very strong in. So we're seeing nice growth in China and we expect that to continue in the future. You get outside of China, it really becomes country specific. And unfortunately, we're still having some countries that are going into different phases of lockdowns based on where the pandemic is. But it's going to be a little bit mixed outside of China at least into the fourth quarter.

First half would have been positive but on much smaller numbers, Steve, right, just given the price has grown considerably from Q1 now to Q3. We're expecting Q4 to be flattish price cost. In the full year, I think we're probably around the flattish range, maybe it can be slightly positive. Our goal here is to keep driving the innovation and then driving the pricing to reflect what we think the inflation is going to be. So really happy where we are year-to-date on the price realization. Like I said before, it's going to grow a bit in the fourth quarter. At the same time, we're seeing inflation grow into the fourth quarter. And we're really just trying to stay ahead of it. So I'm being flattish or slightly positive on the full year.

I don't know if we've actually probably given that number. It would have probably been less than the $150 million would be my guess. But I'd have to go look at that.

Yes. To be fair, Steve, it was more than 50%. And both our unitary and applied were both over 50%. So the light being part of that number was very strong, as you would imagine. So we have seen unbelievable amounts of growth in our commercial HVAC equipment business. And it's actually, and I said it earlier, but it's actually, to be fair to our suppliers, we're putting that demand right on them. So it's causing them to have to spike forward as well.

Yes. On the IWD side, which again is about 50% of our business, sell-through was mid-single digits. Sell-in was flat. So obviously, their inventory adjusted as you would expect in a shoulder season. The next follow-on question there, Steve, would be what's inventory level look like in the IWD space. It's about what you would expect, maybe a bit lower than we would like at this time of the year, but it's nothing to call out.

Yes. I would say in the first half, it was positive. Again, it was less than $150 million, but positive in the first half. Slightly positive in Q3, and we're expecting about flattish for Q4.

Yes. As we said earlier, we're still working through the 2022. But just talking about the backlog, I mean, you really need to -- as far as when it burns, you really need to go through it by business. So if you think about our commercial HVAC business with applied orders, that backlog, when an order comes in, it could be a 6- to 9-month burn rate on those type orders before the actual ship. In the TK, it's a little bit different this year than I've seen in other years. We had a lot of customers place orders in the first quarter and kind of lay them in through the rest of the year. 
And the other complication with TK we're seeing right now is, obviously, we're working with our customers on their slots for trailers and tractors. So normally, the burn rate in TK would be 2 to 3 months. That's been extended a little bit just because of the constraints associated with the actual building of a trailer. 
On the resi space, I mean, our backlog turns. I mean it's turning on a regular basis. And overall, I mean, we have a very large backlog. We have order demand that is some of the best I've ever seen in my career. But understand, our backlog is not stale. It continues to churn, and we're shipping out. We're just getting order rates that we haven't seen a very long time in this business that are continuing to build this backlog.

Yes. I mean as far as labor constraints in our own 4 walls, it's really -- we have seen some early in Q3. It subsided a bit as we moved through the quarter. We're planning for it. It's just a matter of how your training mechanism and hiring of new people. So that's happening. 
On a job site basis, we have seen jobs push out, to your point, because of job site labor constraints. It's not anything that I would spike out and say it's super alarming, but it's certainly there. And it's not just in North America. It's really on a global basis.

Yes. I mean we had some acute supplier problems in our Thermo King business, and we've been able to overcome those. So we have line of sight to what we're guiding to right now. That said, supply chain is very volatile right now, okay? It is the whack-a-mole game. So we fix one problem and then another one comes up. But it's really about staying on top of where you are, working with your customers, working with your suppliers, and it's a lot about communication. And I would tell you that our operating system allows us to be working hand-in-hand with our suppliers to make sure they can meet the expectations that we're seeing, which, again, is extremely robust right now.

Yes. We're seeing funds flow, which is a good thing. 2024 is the date when it has to be spent. That may -- that's the date right now. That may get pushed out, obviously. You got to think about -- any work you're going to do on a school, you're going to do when students aren't there. So it tends to become a "season" to do school work. But funds are flowing. The Elementary and Secondary School Relief -- Emergency Relief or ESSER as they have it, it's flowing from the states down to the local levels. And we're seeing really, really good traction where we did a Phase 1 indoor air quality audit. We gave our customer a road map for the future. They're now executing to many of those road maps with upgrades in their facility.

Well, hopefully, the consumer doesn't get tired. But I'm not sure the historical models on the cycles are -- have played out in the -- certainly in the past. Again, we look at it as a GDP-plus business. We have models that will go through replacement cycles and use of units, et cetera. And we have a lot of data under that. But at the end of the day, if you think about it as a GDP-plus business, you think about consumer confidence, that's what drives that market. And we're very happy with the performance that we had this year and GDP will be positive in 2022.

Yes. We have several upgrades that we're doing. It's really continuous as we continue to upgrade our lines. We've seen some push out, but nothing that we can't manage. And I'd add that we're still tracking, again, that 1% to 2%, probably closer to 2% this year spend on capital as a percent of revenue. But with enough advanced notice and ordering within lead times, we've been able to try to mitigate some of that supply chain pressure.

The answer to partial assemblies is yes. We could have you come work for us in operations because that's obvious as we're waiting for some components. In some cases, you could do a partial. In some cases, you cannot. But as far as the revenue recognition of the cost, Chris, I don't know if you want to handle it, but the answer is no, but...

Yes. It is an excellent question. And obviously, we pride ourselves in being a lean company. And maybe that's why we were out talking about supply chain choppiness in the second quarter ahead of many others because we saw it in our planning horizons. That said, I mean, we have capacity for sure. But the inventory investment is something that we're working with internally. And inventory, you don't think of it necessarily as finished goods, maybe you would in the res business. But in our commercial business, it's really at the raw level where you're able to convert it more easily into WIP and then finished goods.

Yes. It's been -- I don't know, it's been 150 days. It feels like forever. But this is just such a great company, Trane Technologies. And we have -- and we're a part of such a great industry. So I mean I couldn't be prouder to be the CEO of Trane Technologies. We're talking -- I'm talking next week at COP26, talking about waiting for the next great invention to start decarbonizing the world. These inventions already exist today. So I'm excited to do that. And then the only thing I would add is we just completed our employee engagement survey. And here we are. I don't even know how many years it is, but top decile performance for engagement is our culture that differentiates us. And I'm not sure that's going to differentiate between me and Mike, but it is really our culture and how much pride we take into building a strong culture. So Trane Technologies is in a great place today, and it's -- we're headed in an even better place in the future. But thanks for the question.