Thanks, Zac, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. I'm proud of our team's performance in the second quarter. Once again, we delivered strong revenue growth, margin expansion and EPS growth. We welcomed our new Precision Flow Systems team into Ingersoll Rand, and we're well underway towards a separation into 2 stand-alone businesses and our proposed strategic combination with our Industrial segment in Gardner Denver.
With that backdrop, let's get started. Please go to Slide 3. I'd like to start with a brief overview of the global business strategy that we're executing to deliver consistently strong financial results for our shareholders. Fundamentally, our strategy is at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact, which are strong secular tailwinds for our business. The world is continuing to urbanize while becoming warmer and more resource-constrained as time passes. We excel at reducing the energy intensity of buildings, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, reducing waste of food and other perishable goods, and we excel in our ability to generate productivity for our customers, all enabled by technology. 
Unless you think the world is getting cooler, less populated, less resource-constrained as time passes, these strong secular tailwinds will continue to provide opportunity for shareholders and purpose for our vision.
As we continue separation, integration planning and business transformation activities related to our strategy in combination of our Industrial segment with Gardner Denver, a move towards creating a premier pure-play Climate business in 2020, our aggressive pursuit of excellence in delivering solutions to mitigate the impact of these secular trends only intensifies. Our Climate business squarely focuses 100% of our portfolio at the nexus of sustainability and global environmental impact where our products and services can reduce the impact of these mega trends and create a platform for the company to grow above-average global economic conditions.
Moving to Slide 4. I'll spend a few minutes discussing how 2019 has progressed through the first half of the fiscal year and what we're expecting to see through the balance of 2019. The key takeaway is that we remain bullish on our strategy, our end markets broadly and our ability to execute using our business operating systems to deliver against our organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS guidance ranges for fiscal 2019. In fact, today, we're raising EPS guidance by $0.05 to approximately $6.40. We expect to deliver top-tier financial performance again in 2019. 
Commercial HVAC globally, and particularly in North America and Europe, has continued to be very strong for us, and our backlog, incoming order rates and sales pipeline give us confidence that this business will continue to deliver strong results in the second half of 2019.
Our residential HVAC business had strong mid-single-digit growth in the second quarter, and we expect this business to continue to deliver strong performance for the full year, supported by a solid residential replacement market. 
In our Industrial segment, we saw healthy order growth in long-cycle projects in our Compression Technologies business in the second quarter, and we have a favorable outlook for continued long-cycle growth in the second half of the year. Conversely, the short-cycle market softened in the second quarter, primarily impacting revenue growth in our core Compression Technologies and Tools businesses, which were both down low single digits. We expect short-cycle markets to continue to be challenging throughout 2019. The positive impact of healthy long-cycle markets presents a positive setup as we move into 2020 when these orders convert into revenue and operating income, given the long lead times associated with these projects.
Price realization has been outstanding across our businesses, and we're effectively managing all inflation and tariff-related costs with an 80-basis point spread in the second quarter. As we've highlighted before, we have been effective in managing inflation, and we expect to continue to maintain a positive spread at our target range of 20 to 30 basis points in the second half of the year, when we begin to lap the strong price realization in the third and fourth quarters of 2018 and when we begin to see the full impact of the increase in List 3 tariffs on Chinese imports moving from 10% to 25%.
Lastly, we continue to expect strong free cash flows in 2019 of equal to or greater than 100% of net income, which will further strengthen our balance sheet and enable us to maintain good optionality. We've deployed significant capital on dividends, acquisitions and share repurchases over the years, and again, in the first half of the year. We'll continue to follow our dynamic and balanced capital allocation priorities and expect to deploy 100% of excess cash over time.
Please go to Slide 5. We delivered solid bookings and revenue growth in virtually all businesses and regions in the second quarter. On the bookings side, our largest HVAC businesses continue to lead the way and delivered strong growth, with North America and Europe HVAC up high single digits in the second quarter. China was also healthy with low single-digit growth against the very tough comp of low 20s growth in the second quarter of 2018. We also drove strong bookings growth of 8% in our Industrial segment versus a tough comp of 8% in the prior year, led by our Compression Technologies and Small Electric Vehicles. Compression Technologies' growth was driven by strong growth in long cycle, partially offset by softness in the short-cycle markets. Small electric vehicles' growth was driven by successful execution of our consumer vehicles strategy.
Transport refrigeration had a significant decline in bookings against very tough comps in 2018 for reasons we've discussed in detail in prior calls. However, as we've said before, these declines don't impact or negate the strong growth in our other Transport businesses or impact their ability to grow revenues in 2019 and '20. 
The transport refrigeration business had extremely strong bookings in 2018 and is returning to historically normal levels of bookings in 2019, but with backlog that is more than 2x historical levels. With the strong backlog and solid bookings we're seeing in 2019, we expect this business to deliver solid revenue growth in 2019, and the prospects heading into 2020 continue to look promising.
On the revenue side, our largest HVAC businesses continued to deliver very strong growth with North America, Europe and residential all up mid- to high single digits in quarter 2. Transport refrigeration also delivered strong revenue growth.
Bringing all the pieces together, we're pleased with our organic bookings and revenue growth performance through the first half. We expect organic revenue growth rates to increase heading into the second half based on healthy backlog, deliveries and incoming order rates, and remain confident in our 5% to 6% organic enterprise revenue growth target for the full year.
Please turn to Slide 6. We've outlined a number of takeaways for each major business on the next 2 slides. Commercial HVAC continues to be very strong, particularly in North America and Europe. Our backlog, incoming order rates and pipeline of projects are driving confidence that we'll continue to see solid growth in the second half of the year. Residential HVAC had solid mid-single-digit growth in quarter 2, and we head into the second half of the year expecting 2019 will shape up to be another good year, led by a healthy replacement market.
I talked at length about transport refrigeration, which continues to be led by North America trailer, truck, APUs and aftermarket. Based on our record backlog and healthy incoming order rates, we remain confident that our Transport business will deliver another solid year in 2019.
Please turn to Slide 7. At our Compression Technologies business, we're seeing healthy growth in long-cycle markets and softness in short-cycle markets. The long-cycle business strength positions us well for good growth in late 2019 and in 2020 as these orders convert into revenue. Small electric vehicles is having a great year, driven by successful execution of our consumer vehicles strategy.
And now I'd like to turn it over to Sue to provide more details on the quarter. Sue?

Thanks, Sue. Please go to Slide 19. In summary, we're pleased with our first half performance and we expect to deliver strong revenue and EPS growth and free cash flow in 2019. Looking forward, we continue to believe the company is extremely well positioned to deliver strong shareholder returns over the next several years. 
Fundamentally, our strategy remains at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact. Today, 15% of the world's carbon emissions come from heating and cooling buildings, and transport refrigeration creates another 80 million metric tons of CO2 emissions annually, which can be eliminated through electrification over time. We are bending the global warming curve by changing the way the world heats and cools buildings and moves refrigerated cargo. New technology we've developed can reduce up to 99% of the emissions that come from heating and cooling a commercial building. And this doesn't include the substantial environmental benefit of increasing system energy efficiency to reduce both power generation at the source and storage requirements.
We're continually working to innovate in this way to electrify heating, electrify diesel engines used to cool the trucks and trailers that transport perishable goods and to reduce the energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions in residential and commercial buildings.
We recently announced our 2030 ESG commitments to meet the challenge of climate change while increasing the access to air conditioning, perishable foods and medicines and improving the quality of life for people and communities where we operate and serve. We are committing to reduce our customer carbon footprint by 1 gigaton of CO2 through our HVAC and transport refrigerant products and services. We believe this is the largest customer climate commitment made by any B2B company, and our math shows that this reduction could equate to 2% of the world's emissions. The size and scale, that's equivalent to the annual emissions of Italy, France and the U.K. combined.
We continue to transform our supply chain and operations to have restorative impact on the environment, including achieving carbon-neutral operations and giving back more water than we use in water-stressed areas. 
We are committed to increasing opportunity for all, strengthening economic mobility and bolstering the quality of life of our people. This includes gender parity in leadership roles, a workforce reflective of our community populations, maintaining livable, market-competitive wages and broadening community access to cooling, comfort and healthful foods.
We've been investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market position to enable consistent profitable growth. We have an experienced management team and a high-performing culture that instills operational excellence into everything we do. We remain committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital, and we have a strong track record of deploying excess cash to deliver top-tier shareholder returns over the years.
Lastly, we're extremely excited about the proposed transaction and the strategic combination of our Industrial segment with Gardner Denver. Combining 2 of the premier complementary industrial companies offers the opportunity to drive significant innovation and growth with meaningful revenue and cost synergies, supported by secular growth trends and diverse end-market exposure.
We're also very excited about creating the premier pure-play HVAC and transport refrigeration company with our existing Climate segment businesses. We have a tremendous opportunity to leverage a simplified business model and structure and sharpen our sustainability focus with our investments. 
Our Climate businesses have clearly differentiated performance, and we see significant opportunity as a pure-play to build on this performance for our employees, customers and shareholders.
And with that, Sue and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Resi was strong in the quarter, bookings and revenue. While we think it continues for the balance of the year. We think the market might be low single digit, mid-single-digit, Steve. We think we'll be mid-single digit for the year there, so that's progressing. 
Again, as you know well, it's 80% replacement. We're heavily indexed there. And anything we do incrementally with new construction is actually an add. It's growth for us, so we feel like we're in a great position. 
With regard to Commercial North America, we're seeing strength in unitary. We're seeing strength in applied services. We are seeing, particularly verticals, like K-12 labs and the data centers that are growing nicely. So no let-up there. 
And then just to anticipate some questions I think that people may ask, if you think about our backlog today across the globe from HVAC perspective, we're up 21% year-over-year and even up sequentially from quarter 1 to quarter 2. So that is, I think, indicative of just continued strong markets and a solid pipeline going forward.

Well, in the markets that we get really good data, third party was just the easiest to look at. Absolutely, that's a fact, yes.

Well, I don't see any changes, really, in HVAC globally. I think we've got a pretty good read on the global landscape. Most markets are strong, and there's pockets where there's weakness, but surprises where markets are strong. 
Example of that would be Mexico has gone through a couple of quarters of negative GDP. It's a pretty big market for us. So that's the newer information. But we're relatively strong in an equivalent market in the Southern Cone, Latin America. So it's that sort of thing on the edges that we're looking at. But the markets remain strong. 
There's a lot of focus on Thermo King. I think we've done a decent job explaining the constraints that exist in 2018 at Class 8 tractors and how customers wind up in advance really to pull on that supply capability. It translated down through trailers and, of course, that all translated to those customers ordering either APUs or our refrigerated trailers. 
The actual takt time of how the heartbeat of a plant runs and we match trailers and units to actual tractors or trailers. It's very smooth. And that backlog generates just mid-single-digit revenue growth that's been pretty consistent. 
So noise is around the TK bookings. But again, I think you just have to separate that from the 28 constraints with our customers and think more about HVAC market being strong and Transport just generating solid revenue growth and good backlog and generally healthy markets. 
And we're still seeing good order intake rate at Transport. So it's not as if things are drying up even on the order input side there. Just tough comps.

Yes. I think we've got our eyes wide open in the short cycle, and we've accounted that in our forecast. We had strengthened longer cycles, some of which we expect to shift in the fourth quarter. A lot will shift into 2020. 
We have excellent growth in our consumer strategy related to Small Electric Vehicles. So -- and Julian, we've just finished the 5 plus 7 forecast not even a month ago. We had an opportunity to update that last month, risks and opportunities. I think that we feel pretty good about that forecast. 
When I look back at the beginning of the year relative to guidance, I would say that Climate markets are trending toward maybe the upper end of that, and Industrial markets maybe would be trending to the lower side of that. But net-net, we feel like we're right where we need to be in terms of the guidance that we gave.

Yes, Julian, I mean, when you look at leverage, first of all, in the quarter, we actually had really good leverage. We had leverage above gross margins there, north of 30%. We were able to be right about 30% for the first half of the year. So the question probably relates to what you're thinking to be a step-down in the revenue. 
But again here, when you look at 21% year-over-year backlog and sequentially improving backlog from quarter 1 to quarter 2, knowing deliveries and the service business being about half of the business, the amount of book in turn we need to do is actually as small as I can remember it. 
So again, we feel pretty good about the revenue number, and I think that, that segment, in general, leverages pretty close on the full year at the 25% rate we guided to originally. So I'm not seeing a lot of weakness there.

We've got, over the years, a wonderful operating system that in terms of the metrics and early warning indicators that we would get, Scott, we feel good about seeing that. Of course, we're seeing none of it today. 
But the more important thing we're doing, though, is organizing ourselves in a way that we can compartmentalize what needs to happen and then think about interdependencies between things. So as an example, our #1 priority is to run the business and run it well every day and execute on the commitments we made. 
The second priority is the separation itself. Of course, there's no integration without the separation. So there's a separate team focused on separation that does not involve the integration team, which is the third priority. 
The third priority around integration is, to the extent we can under the rules of engagement, is to support GDI's lead in that effort. So that continues. 
And the fourth thing that we're doing is using the opportunity, the value stream map, much of the company and core process to customers and use the opportunity to think about those core processes in a way that we can make sure that the maximum value added to customers is being delivered and how we might structure from that output. And with that, what might it mean, and of course, the cost structure to maybe speed to market in some cases. It's pretty exciting. But we've tried to make sure that the teams are different people, to the extent we can. Of course, a group like Takt's is going to be related to all 4 of those activities. But we're doing a pretty good job of compartmentalizing that and running it and using the metrics that we've always used to run the business.

We've really designed, really, our technology and go-to-market strategy around sustainability and around eliminating both the emissions and reducing inefficiencies. So this passion around having the most energy-efficient commercial systems out there in the world today; using the most responsible refrigerants that we can put into these systems, leveraging the analytics, the data, the controls around that to put more sophisticated service offerings together; the belief that on the commercial side, we need to be doing that ourselves, not through independent distribution because of the complexity of what it takes to model, sell, service, deliver against those plans. That's been our strategy and we've been consistent about that and just executing hard against that. I think from a goal deployment perspective, another core part of the operating system, there's no mystery in the company as to what our goals are, what's expected, what we're measuring. So that -- it's just coming together in a way that has worked, Scott, over a long period of time.

Yes. Both are progressing well there, John. Always surprised at the degree of service penetration in China, how quickly that's maturing. So there's really no surprises there. And from a service perspective, we continue to do well there. So not much more to say there. 
Obviously, the U.S. and Europe are the gold standard around penetration and linkage. And then China is quickly, over the years, coming to that point. And over the next 5 years, I think it will be at the same level as our North American and European penetration.

Yes, Nigel, I would call it, Asia, in your first question, probably, to be -- we're seeing the long-cycle bookings. And here, you're seeing chemicals, manufacturing, energy.

Air separation would be another, for sure. So that will be what I'd point out there. 
With North America, with the U.S. in particular, there was a slowdown, it seemed, after there was a flurry in the USMCA discussions between Mexico and the U.S. on the possibility of U.S. imposing additional tariffs if Mexico wouldn't secure the borders from the Mexican side. Roughly after that, we saw a slowdown. I think it was certainly an end-user demand, and that obviously affects the sell-through of distribution of short-cycle products there. And it's bounced around a little bit but off kind of that lower level. So hopefully, all that, I guess, cleaned up permanently and I think that will have a restorative impact on the short cycle when it does. I think it will be a nice bounce up when there's certainty around that.

No. Nigel, it was exceptionally strong for us. So no. I would say it would be the highlight of the quarter as opposed to a weakness. I can't tell you why we'd be different, but I can tell you it was a standout in the quarter.

No. It was a little bit last year of some prebuy. I think it got pulled in, in the second quarter. That's really the only kind of -- it wasn't a big number, but it was a little bit of a compare -- a difference there. I think a number of companies said that happened. So no not really, Jeff, to answer your question. 
I think it's just fundamentals remained strong. I think that consumer generally still feels good, pretty healthy, and we're not seeing any changes to that.

Yes. The starting point, just to be clear, is something that we're all very proud of over 10-plus years. And so transformation does not mean, if there's something bad, it's something good. It means there's an opportunity here to really go think -- obviously, from a name and a brand, all the way through the simplification of legal entities, the way that we might look at the way that support services have performed across the company, we will apply the same value stream mapping that we would do in a manufacturing process to the way record to report, or procure to pay, or any kind of order the cash process would work. We'll look through our field organization and understand how that would pan out in terms of incentives and some of the metrics that are out in the field. And just make sure that those are where we want them to be. 
There's likely different structures that will evolve when you answer those questions. And I think with the goal toward customer focus, a goal toward simplification, being tighter on some of the investment focus on our core sustainability themes. All those things I think are exciting to people inside the company because we're building off a piece of -- a strong foundation.

Yes, I can't really contrast it to anybody else, but I can tell you, we're about 50-50 direct and indirect. We really didn't see any difference in order rates there at all. I guess in 45 or so earnings calls -- I can't remember, I don't think I've ever used weather as a strategy or as an excuse. 
So I can tell you weather normalizes very quickly often within a year, with a bias toward a warming planet. There's more degree days in the future, not fewer. So it's a great place to be, and we like the footprint that we've got. 
Our focus is on market share and margin expansion as it is for every product growth theme we have inside the company. So those are 2 clear goals that we have, and that doesn't change.

Yes. It's too early on that. I mean we'd like to see the update that's coming out around Class A. We'd like to see the updates coming out around refrigerated trailers to know that. My sense is there's no way to burn off all of the backlog we've got in '19. I know we're into '20, as it stands. Order rate is still healthy. 
So just a really early view, which was the same view we gave last time, is when you normalize the '18 bookings over a '19 and '20 revenue cycle, I think you get kind of the steady takt coming out of the business of mid-single-digit growth rates. So I would have no reason to deviate from that at this point. 
In fact, Gautam, I hope, depending on how sort of Brexit really unfolds and unwinds, that next year, we're sort of getting through this low point in Europe. And potentially, we're seeing strength in Europe, which has been markedly slower than North America as a result of just what's happening with the broader European economy.

Yes. I think you're largely thinking about what consumers might think. But if you think about any institutional building, any data center, any industrial building in Europe, they've got the same requirements that you've got all over the world. And I would say the booking rates there, for us, for multiple years have been extraordinary. We've said, I think in '16, that we would double the business by 2020, and we're going to definitely do that. 
So I look at economy there, that even though it's modeling around kind of flattish, we've had bookings growth and revenue growth that's been in that high teens, low-20s range now for multiple years. 
But we're not focused on the consumer there per se. Although there is an extraordinary opportunity, I think going forward around the electrification of heat in Europe, as you'll see more of that application as opposed to the problems of boilers in Europe over time. When that happens, I do think we've got a business and a product portfolio that will benefit from that regulatory conversion in Europe to electrification of heat.

Are you meaning uncertainty in the economy? Uncertainty where?

Yes. When we think about our CapEx, there's been little difference to how we think about it because we want to make things where we sell things, and that's generally what we've always done. And I would say there's even a stronger concentration of that than it was 5 years ago. That's been our strategy. 
As it relates to the supply chain, it depends. Where there is an easy answer, yes, we'll look for an opportunity there if we can, and we've made some movement there. So the answer to your question is, from our own footprint perspective, we're continuing to do what we do from a supply chain perspective. Around the edges, there's things that we do to move supply where we can.

Andrew, just a bit on your question. I'm just going to follow up, I know you're off the line here. But it's interesting a, lot of the Chinese customers that we have that we're looking to move production away from China to maybe avoid some of the U.S.-China tariffs were thinking about Mexico as well. I think that some of what they've done and decided has changed over time, and I think we're seeing more in areas like Vietnam, as an example, as opposed to Mexico. So there are changes with our customers in terms of how they're working their footprint for sure.

So Joe, I've got 32%. Were you expecting more than that in the quarter?

Okay. I'm just taking $40 million of operating income on $124 million revenue rise, and that's what I'm looking at.

I would say, in both Climate and Industrial, from March forward, bookings have steadily improved in China, specifically. And -- but the markets have shifted. As an example, electronics would be down, say, 15% as a market, but you're going to find other markets that have been compensating for that in some of the heavier industries that would have compensated. And steel would be an example there, something that's -- or power generation, where there's a market both for Industrial and for process cooling in those markets. So that's been good. 
Yes, we're stacking quarter 1 and quarter 2 '19 against plus 20s kinds of comps in quarter 1, 2 of '18, so the stack in that is sort of still mid -- kind of low to mid-teens growth over the 2-year period. So we're happy with kind of what's going on in terms of the strategy there that we had around the direct sales force that we've put in place. And then we're happy with the linkage, the service there. 
China is slower than it was historically, but still a pretty good market. And there's a focus not quite as strong as Europe around sustainability, but certainly, as I've talked in the past, much more of focus in China around clean air and clean water. That's having a positive impact on what we do.

Yes. Let me start by saying, first of all, from a cultural fit and a performance mentality, from our goal deployment process, from -- I feel like these guys have been here for years, which is fantastic. It's a great fit inside the company. 
And in terms of achievement of their management plan, they're on track with that. So the mix has changed a little bit, and you see that in some of the shorter cycle, but like the rest of Ingersoll-Rand, they've got kind of measures for how they're dealing with changes. So frankly, it's been positive. 
Sue, do you have any comment on that?

And Andy maybe some -- just to give you one point of specificity here, positive bookings growth in the quarter against if you think about sort of all the food management peers that are out there, that I think are booking negative. We're very proud of that.