Thanks, Zac, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Our global business strategy is at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact. The world is continuing to urbanize while becoming warmer and more resource constrained as time passes. We excel at reducing the energy intensity in buildings, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, reducing waste of food and other perishable goods and we excel in our ability to generate productivity for our customers all enabled by technology.
Our business portfolio creates a platform for the company to consistently grow above-average global economic conditions aided by the strong secular tailwinds that I've outlined.
This morning we announced the transaction to separate our Industrial businesses by way of a spinoff to Ingersoll Rand's shareholders. And then combining it with Gardner Denver to create a leading global industrial company and to maintain our climate control assets to create a premier pure-play climate business. Our pure-play climate business squarely focuses 100% of our portfolio at the nexus of sustainability and impact where our products and services can have the most significant impact on the global challenges I outlined earlier. The press release and presentation outlining the transaction in detail is on the Ingersoll Rand website under the Investor Relations section. We also held a joint call with Gardner Denver management this morning at 8:00 a.m. and a replay of the webcast will be available on our website. So I'm not going to spend any time discussing the transaction further on this earnings call. We will, however, be taking Q&A related to both our Q1 earnings and this morning's announcement during our Q&A session following our prepared remarks.
Moving to Slide 4. We're off to a strong start in 2019. Focused and consistent execution of our business strategy enabled us to deliver top tier revenue growth, margin expansion and EPS growth in the first quarter. We saw strong leverage from both top to bottom on the P&L with 8% organic revenue growth levering up to 27% EPS growth in the quarter.
We delivered another quarter of robust revenue growth led by our climate segment despite tough growth comps from the prior year quarter. Climate's 10% organic revenue growth in the quarter was as high as any quarter in the past 2 years and was compounded on 8% growth in the prior year. Industrial's organic revenue growth was up 3% offsetting good growth against the tough 9% growth comp in the prior year.
Headline bookings growth for the enterprise and for Climate of negative low single digits is driven by a significant year-over-year decline of bookings isolated to our Transport business, which I'll lay out in more detail in a minute. In order to more fully understand the health of the portfolio, we believe it is constructive to look at the underlying bookings growth trends in each of our key business units. For example, our commercial HVAC North America, commercial HVAC Europe, residential HVAC and Compression Technologies North America business reach up in the mid- to high-single-digit range in the quarter. China had flattish bookings in the quarter but still healthy when you consider the growth comp in the prior year quarter was in the mid-20s growth range. As we expected, Transport bookings were significantly lower in Quarter 1 after the extraordinary bookings growth we saw in every quarter of 2018.
As an example, in 2018, we booked 1.5 years of North America trailer backlog and 2 years of auxiliary power unit backlog resulting in record Transport backlog at the beginning of 2019. With the record backlog and continued underlying market demand, our revenue outlook for Transport looks healthy into 2020 with the key constraint being trailer manufacturers capacity. As you've seen, the ACT data is consistent with this view showing very high levels of demand through the forecast horizon, which goes out to 2020.
As I mentioned earlier, margin expansion was strong in the quarter with adjusted enterprise margins expanding 90 basis points. We're very successfully mitigating tariff and inflation impacts through price with the price versus material inflation spread of 70 basis points. Operating leverage was healthy at 26% and slightly ahead of our guidance for 2019 of 25%.
Overall, our end markets are healthy and performing largely as expected. As we discussed last quarter, we continue to monitor geopolitical uncertainties related to Brexit in Europe and tariffs and trade in China.
In Quarter 1, we also continued to execute our balanced capital deployment strategy. After investing in the business, we deployed approximately $380 million between dividends and share repurchases. Lastly, while still early in the year and with the cooling season on deck, we haven't seen anything through the first quarter that diminishes our confidence in our full year guidance. We're bullish on the effectiveness of our strategy, bullish on our end markets and bullish on our ability to execute in 2019. As a result, we're raising our annual guidance to the top end of our prior adjusted EPS range of $6.15 to $6.35 to approximately $6.35.
Please go to Slide 5. As we discussed in the previous slide, we delivered robust revenue growth led by our Climate segment with organic growth across all business units. We also delivered strong bookings growth in virtually all of our key businesses with commercial HVAC North America, commercial HVAC Europe, residential HVAC and Compression Technologies all up mid to high single digits. These results reflect continued strong execution of our strategy, capitalizing on healthy end markets.
Please turn to Slide 6. We've outlined a number of takeaways for each major business in the next 2 slides and you can read through those for some additional color. The most important thing I'd like you to take away from these slides, however, is that our outlook by key business is largely unchanged from when we gave guidance in January and we haven't seen anything that will cause us to change our outlook for the year at this time.
Turning to Slide 7. Again, we've added some comments to provide additional color on the slides and you can read through those. The key takeaway remains that we didn't see anything significant in Quarter 1 that would change our outlook for the year at this juncture. 
And now, I'll turn it over to Sue to provide more details on the quarter. Sue?

Thanks, Sue. Please go to Slide 18. In summary, we're pleased with how 2019 is shaping up. We expect to deliver strong revenue, EPS and free cash flow in 2019. Looking forward, we believe the company is extremely well positioned to deliver strong shareholder returns over the next several years. Our global business strategy is at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact. The world continues to urbanize. We're becoming warmer and more resource constrained as time passes. We excel at reducing the energy intensity in buildings, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, reducing waste of food and other perishable goods and we excel in our ability to generate productivity for our customers all enabled by technology.
We have been investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market positions to enable consistent profitable growth. We have an experienced management team and high-performing culture that breathes operational excellence into everything we do. And lastly, we're committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital, and we have a strong track record of deploying excess cash to deliver strong shareholder returns over the years.
And with that, Sue and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes, Jeff, first, to you and all the folks on the call today, thanks, we're occupying a lot your time today so thanks for the coverage and for following us. The answer to your question really the strategic comparatives don't change for Climate. The strategic focus around being able to really pinpoint the strategy, the investments and really create the most agile structure that we can come up with from a customer perspective is critical. And then, we'll continue to invest like we have in innovation and into the channel. So nothing changes. It's just a sharper focus on running faster and being successful.

Nigel, I would say that once we get closer to the actual effect of the spend and ClimateCo giving some guidance, clearly, that quarterly working capital will change a bit because of the seasonality of the business but other than that, Sue's exactly right on point with 100% or better conversion, which is the goal.

We've seen a good market so far this year and even with the weather being less supportive, it was still a good quarter for us. So good revenue growth in the quarter, good bookings, good margin expansion. New regulations I'm sure helping with that and also surprising opportunities on  new furnished regs. In terms of share, really if you look at any rolling 12 month period, pretty much any quarter over the last 4 years, we've gained share and we would have gained share again over the last rolling 12 quarters. So I think it will be for the fifth year in a row that we'll see pretty significant share gain again.

Yes. I think that when you look at the company today, the dyssynergies that we see are about $150 million in terms of how we integrated the company from manufacturing and sourcing to engineering to shared services. And so spinning off a company without something of scale to merge with and develop synergies is a pure headwind. So when you find a situation like this, you got a $250 million synergy opportunity not including the growth side of this but $250 million on the cost side of this thing, it's really fully offsetting any headwind we have on the dyssynergies also avoiding that public company duplicate startup cost around that and then allowing us to really streamline the way we go to market in the Climate space, Steve. So it takes some timing, some valuations that work, the math has to work and it takes a willing and a good partner. It takes confidence on both sides that the management team going forward can execute on the strategies so that is our confidence in Vicente and the go forward Industrial company team as well as our confidence in the management team at ClimateCo being able to execute that. So all things point to the right valuations, right timing and the right partner to be able to effect a net positive versus a dissynergy number in the math.

Well, nothing's changed in our view that we've been talking about for 2 or 3 years around this in terms of the market and consolidation and what could happen between willing partners that want to do that. But I will tell you that strategically, it's the same place we were and we don't need to do something, we could if it made sense for shareholders. I think, we've got great optionality either way it goes. But it does create a much sharper focus and ability for us to think about being just faster in everything that we do from a customer, and from an innovation perspective. And -- I mean to me, it's really exciting to think about what's possible going forward as a -- is a sharper focus to a Climate company.

Yes, Steve, thanks for the question. That's why we try to give a bit more color this quarter around the other pieces of this because when you think about the North American business both res and commercial, it was really an excellent quarter again mid- to high-single-digit growth rates. North America unitary particularly strong. We saw strength in office. We saw a strength in Industrial and a subset of that is really data centers driving that component. We see the manufacturing warehouses, labs as well. Applied, no surprise there that continues to be running incredibly well with great backlog and great order rates. Even China sequentially, and this would apply both to the Industrial businesses and the HVAC businesses showed sequential progress in the quarter where we came out of March with strong bookings and some healthy optimism around that. Europe was a little bit weaker but there's a lot going on and weaker -- I mean, Europe, and I think that from an HVAC perspective in Europe, we'll continue to capitalize on the mega trends that are driving growth outside sort of the general economy. But it has impacted things around Transport and some of the Industrial economy in Europe as well. The Industrial markets seem to be doing okay, as well. There again is some moderation in China, which we felt was positive. U.S. Industrial productivity remained strong. Capacity utilization's at record levels in the U.S. CapEx projections in the U.S. are low single digits so it supports our forecast there. In the EU, the PMI didn't decelerate further so that's I guess a bit of a win that had sort of plateaued, flattened. In China, PMI, it's still down again but it was up sequentially so things are looking better I think in China.

Yes, Julian, too, I guess, last thing I'd say is if there is place probably in the guidance where there could be opportunity, it's certainly in price cost, which we continue to surprise ourselves with what we're able to affect there and still continue to gain share in the process. So we're careful about that but that's going very well.

Yes, Julian, I think one way to think about it is, it's a little bit like the Applied business. Right now, you're booking this -- in this backlog. You've got great visibility into it, when you take out the noise of the compares on the bookings because of Transport, you end up with this mid-single-digit revenue stream, which looks pretty solid through 2020.

Yes, I mean, starting with China, its demand strengthened throughout the quarter and it's a maybe testament to what's been happening with the direct sales strategy to drive those above market rates. In China, generally, we saw acceleration in even auto and pharma. So that was a positive. And it was less concern both in HVAC and in the compressor business around exporter activity. So it's certainly a more positive constructive environment there. The rest of Asia with the exception of Taiwan is pretty good for HVAC. So India, Indonesia, Vietnam, all -- Thailand, all positive. Just Korea is a bit weak for us there. Europe continued to outperform the market. It's not really so much connected to GDP as it is connected to the regulations and around some of the transformation there. We're doing very well in Latin America but it's difficult because if you think about the currency translation there, you get hurt in a lot of places but it's a healthy business in Latin America from an organic perspective. And the U.S, continues to be strong and I think will stay strong for the balance of the year in all aspects of the HVAC business.

Again, first, it's hard, Andrew. We don't really forecast sort of that way around orders, it's really around the pipeline. So Sue, I don't know if you've done the math on that.

Yes, Andrew, I think to that point, add color, we'll just need to provide more color, so I don't think the story is going to be in the headline bookings, it's going to be understanding the health of the components and HVAC in a totally different trajectory and globally, on a different by region trajectory than it would be for Transport North America. We've just gone through heck of a boom here in the '18 and early '19 timeframe. So we'll give more color to help you understand that.

Well, it's been a great success, the JV itself. So it's been something that I'm glad we did. In fact, I'm heading to Japan next week and look forward to sitting down with the CEO and going through the performance at this point but we couldn't be any happier with what has transpired at this point in time. But really in our view #1 in the market particularly where we participate together, we're #1. And the dynamics are the same where you're seeing good ductless growth in the U.S, slightly above the ducted revenues and you're seeing ducted revenues outside the U.S. and typically ducted markets growing faster than ductless revenue. So it goes to the theory that at the end of the day, it's going to be companies and channels that can sell a full suite of products and services that are going to win. So I'm very happy with that joint venture and I would say it's exceeding expectations.

Well, we do a lot of -- by ourself today. I guess that probably helps to put some color on that. For really sort of the premium end of the market, Trane Mitsubishi is what we're going with. For the entry-level point in the market, we've got everything from making it ourselves, doing both variable refrigerant and variable waterflow systems along with ducted offerings in Europe, that we produce ourselves all the way through to some source product we use in various applications around the world. But when we think about the premium offering, that's going to be a Trane Mitsubishi offering for us. If there's a lot of segmentation here, which I appreciate the question because that is an important factor is understanding the segmentation of the market and make sure we've got a product and a solution for every part of the world and every price point that we need to plan.

No, we killed that in Quarter 1. So no, we're good to go. I wouldn't put anything in the model that's not -- that's -- if that one's complete. Run the ground.

Well, I mean, this has been a factor, I think, competitively and I think we've been able to win by being able to have the capacity or at least change the playbook and have the playbook with different tack times to be able to hit different customer demand patterns. And so this was played out well and I'm really proud of what our whole team has been able to accomplish there. And it's been tremendous growth and we've wrecked the wall through that. With that being said, sure, I mean, you've got suppliers that are stressed and some situations where we're needing to pay extra -- needing to pay extra close attention and in some situations where we're needing where we can to be able to carry more inventory.

Yes, services and controls are actually -- continue in both the CTS business and in the HVAC business globally exceed equipment growth rates. And the strategies there are working. And our controls growth rate continues to be kind of that the double-digit growth rate. And its not unusual, I mean, everything you're seeing in terms of products and systems today going as a system controls in our view is really part and parcel to a system that we sell.

Yes, I think Tim, you're saying for res, commercial, and TK, do we expect margins to increase? And we do across all 3 of the sub portfolios in Climate. To your second question, I think we're looking for an answer on that.

Well, it's potentially, yes. If you ask the presidents running the businesses, they will tell you it's really outsized but from our point of view, they're all doing what they need to be doing and they're doing a great job. So no, there's nobody -- there's 3 gold medals, that's what we're going to hand out at the end of the year.

Yes, well, I'd say cycles are not telling the story anymore, I mean, you've got to look at the regulations and what's happening in various parts of the world. You've got to think about 1 billion more people coming into the middle class and needing air conditioning and the demands on power in the grid and sustainability of all that. You've got to think that 15-plus percent of greenhouse gas emissions are happening through HVAC systems. And if you fast-forward and we do nothing about it, 25% would be through air conditioning in homes and buildings by 2030 on that larger population urbanizing. So the way to solve that I mean, is to do what we're doing. I mean we alone with the technology we have today that can cut out 2% of the world's greenhouse gas emissions just by doing what we're doing today by 2030. And you can imagine if 50 other companies join that, you wouldn't have a problem or at least the problem would be totally recast. So I think this is totally different. And then if I take it down to sort of ground-level today, I mean, this is why the services businesses are so critically important and wants to help counter these mini-cycles around what happens with office building or institutional in one part of the world or some geopolitical disruption in the part of the world. We're left to deal with those but long term, whatever those sort of mini-cycles are, the trend is up into the right about what needs to happen in the world between now and say, 2050 for that matter.

Yes, I mean, it is normal for us. If anything you might have seen, well, it depends on what competitor is launching the furnace platform when and when their pricing increases go into effect and you can get some disruptions from quarter-to-quarter. But the right way to look at that is not quarter-to-quarter, it's over a long period of time, a rolling 4 quarters makes a lot more sense on that. With all that being said, I continue to like our strategy. We've continued to penetrate the market with brands at various price points, with staying in front of regulations, with fully utilized very efficient plant and supply chain structures. So we're going to keep on doing what we're doing and competitors are going to do what they do but frankly, through the first quarter, everything looked great. I mean sort of price realization, cost position, bookings, revenue, there was nothing but positive news there from our point of view.

Yes, the easiest way to think about that is those larger projects really have the kitchen sink costed into them. So on a contribution basis, we're making sure it's accretive with the margins that we're trying to post from an op income standpoint. So the gross margins may be lower but you're really -- talking about all-in costs stand to execute. So I don't think you see any dip on operating margins.

Well, there's a lot of the year left. When you're talking about something less than 15% in the quarter, I think there's a natural hesitation to go out on a limb. I think it's given us the confidence to raise the top end of our guidance but I think we'd really need to see something more than the second quarter. You're really looking to see July and August to dramatically change that, Nicole. But I think the first leg of this is a lot of confidence in the first quarter to go to high-end of the range. That's not something we typically do.

It's all in. It's assuming that PFS with our Industrial portfolio is merged into Gardner Denver and the total of all of the combinations is $250 million.

No. It wouldn't have anything to do with the RMT structure. I mean, the way that 2 important issues that would be looked at, it had to be looked at independent. So when you think about PFS being something that for a long time, we thought was a great fit with our Fluid business. We had to be prepared in that process, in that process' timing and to be successful. And then concurrently and somewhat in parallel as we are having discussions with GDI around the RMT structure, you're thinking about, well, look, if I'm successful one way or the other depending on timing, does it make sense in combination, if you will, the 3 businesses, GDI's business, PFS's business and our Industrial segment and the answer is, yes. So we felt like, look, we need to get after that asset because there's no guarantee that we come into an agreement with GDI and if that's the case, we're going to still build a bigger Fluid Management organization and go forward. And if we did, then it's going to be even more productive in terms of putting that combination together, particularly with their Medical segment, which is a lot in common. So we figured we couldn't really loose in that so we had to work within the processes we're working in.

Yes, it's a -- the answer to your question is no, there's no restrictions to us but it is complex and nuanced and to have a full sort of discussion on this would depend on the situation itself. And it's probably best left toward the end of the transaction or maybe in some disclosures. But to answer your question broadly, no, there is no encumbrances or restrictions about how we run the company going forward.

And Deane, maybe to piggyback on the segment question, I mean the way that we think about this is an opportunity to create an organization that is how we want to manage the organization, I mean how we want to lead the organization in an as efficient and agile a way as we possibly can. From that, some segmentation will pop-out of that but you've really got to go through the hard work of looking at all the designs going forward. Frankly, that's the exciting part of what we're doing. We really can take a clean sheet of paper and think pretty boldly about that and then however the segmentations spills out of that would be the way we run the business.