Thanks, Zach, and everyone, for joining us on today's call.  
Let's turn to Slide #3. Before I dive into our quarterly results, I'd like to spend a few minutes on our purpose-driven strategy, which is the engine behind our differentiated financial performance and shareholder returns. Our strategy is aligned to powerful megatrends, like climate change and the crucial need for climate action. Last week, the United Nations released its emission GAAP report 2022, calling for urgent transformation to avoid climate disaster. The report cites critical actions needed, including efforts to scale zero emission heating and cooling technologies and to decarbonize the food supply chain. 
That's where Trane Technologies has a unique position to make a difference. We have the technology today to transform tomorrow. We are proud to be leading our industry with aggressive, science-based sustainability commitments, actions and results. Together with our customers, we are dramatically reducing emissions and creating sustainable homes, buildings and cities.  
Our purpose-driven strategy, relentless innovation and strong customer focus enables us to deliver a superior growth profile through cycles. This, in turn, helps us drive strong margin and powerful free cash flow to deploy through our dynamic capital allocation strategy. The end result is strong value creation across the board for our team, our customers, our shareholders and for the planet.  
Moving to Slide #4. Q3 was another strong quarter for us across the board. Our innovation leadership continues to win customers at an unprecedented pace, and our bookings level remained extremely high, reflecting strong share gains in virtually every area of our businesses. Organic revenues were very strong, up nearly 20% and our book-to-bill remained over 100% with organic bookings up 8%. Absolute demand continues to be extremely robust. For perspective, year-to-date organic bookings are 95% of our total revenues for 2021, and we still have the fourth quarter to go.  
Bookings continue to be particularly strong in commercial HVAC businesses globally. Our global commercial HVAC business is up more than 40% on a 2-year stack. Our Americas commercial HVAC business is even stronger, up more than 50% on a 2-year stack. Strong broad-based bookings growth over the past 7 quarters have driven our backlog to unprecedented levels with backlog of $6.4 billion at the end of the third quarter. We expect backlog to remain at elevated levels well into 2023. 
Strong execution of our business operating system has enabled us to stay ahead of persistent inflation and deliver over 10 points of incremental price and positive price [ versus ] inflation again in the third quarter. Pricing execution is a core competency for us and increasingly important given higher cost to serve customers across the value chain.  
On our second quarter earnings call, we discussed 2 temporary plant closures that delayed $120 million in revenue from the second quarter into the second half of 2022, with the majority of the revenues expected to be recovered in the fourth quarter. I'm proud of the way our teams rose to the challenge to accelerate that recovery in the third quarter to meet or exceed our customers' needs. As a result, we successfully recovered $100 million of the $120 million in the third quarter, which is approximately $70 million ahead of our expectations, and we're on pace to deliver the additional $20 million in the fourth quarter.
Our performance through the third quarter has been strong. Booking levels have remained robust. Backlog remains at unprecedented levels. Inflation has been persistent but our pricing execution has more than kept pace. Supply chain remains tight, but are slowly improving. All in, we're confident in raising both our organic revenue and adjusted EPS guidance above the high end of our previous ranges.  
When you consider that our guidance includes an additional $0.07 of headwind from FX, we're effectively raising our operational guidance for the year by about $0.15 at the midpoint. The secular megatrends underpinning our strategy are only growing stronger. Execution of our high-performance business operating system and our unwavering focus on putting customers first remain at the core of everything we do. Our balance sheet, liquidity position and ability to deliver strong free cash flow provides a robust financial foundation and good optionality for capital deployment. We are well positioned to not only navigate near-term macro challenges, but to thrive as conditions improve.  
Please turn to Slide #5. As I discussed on the prior slide, both bookings and revenue growth were strong and broad-based in the quarter. America's commercial HVAC was again a standout with organic bookings on a 2-year stack up more than 50%. Continued strong bookings have driven our Americas commercial HVAC backlog to new heights, up more than 70% year-over-year and more than 200% of historical norms. Commercial HVAC revenues were also strong with low teens growth in both equipment and services.  
In residential HVAC, revenues were robust, up 16% in the quarter. Bookings were down 8%, consistent with our expectations as bookings continue to normalize towards a GDP plus profile that we see for our long-term outlook. Still, our book-to-bill was 92% in the quarter and backlog remains at historically high levels.  
We just opened the first half of 2023 order book for our transport refrigeration Americas business in September, and bookings were strong out of the gate, up high single digits for the quarter. Growth is consistent with our expectations as we've been working with customers on slotting throughout the year. Transport refrigeration revenues were very strong, up nearly 60%. Our team has done a terrific job of ramping up operations at the plant that was impacted by extreme weather in the second quarter and accelerating the recovery of delayed Q2 revenues into the third quarter.  
When we held our Q2 call, we expected the team to recover about $10 million of the $60 million in revenues in Q3 with the balance in Q4. The team delivered the entire $60 million in the quarter, effectively accelerating the recovery of $50 million in revenues into the third quarter and enabling us to meet or exceed our customers' expectations. If we exclude the shift in revenues from the fourth quarter into the third quarter, third quarter revenues were still extremely strong, up more than 40%. We're on pace for significant share gains in 2022, adding to strong share gains the team delivered in 2021.  
Turning to EMEA. We continue to see strong demand for our innovative products and services that help reduce energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions for our customers despite the challenging macro backdrop. EMEA commercial HVAC orders were up low teens, and revenues were up in the mid-20s, reflecting strong demand across the portfolio, particularly for our thermal management systems, which are 3 to 4x more efficient than conventional heating and cooling.  
EMEA transport refrigeration orders declined consistent with our expectations, mainly due to tough comps in the quarter. Additionally, we've been carefully managing our order book to mitigate inflationary impacts and therefore, just opened our order book in September for the first half of 2023. Revenues were up high single digits, significantly outpacing end markets. Overall, backlog for the region remains strong, approximately 40% higher than historical norms.  
In Asia Pacific, commercial HVAC bookings growth continued to be strong, up low teens. The team has delivered organic bookings growth between low teens and low 20s in each of the past 6 quarters. Asia Pacific revenues were strong, up 28%. Similar to transport refrigeration Americas, our team has done a terrific job accelerating the recovery of delayed revenues due to a temporary plant closure from COVID-19-related lockdowns in China in the second quarter.  
When we held our Q2 call, we expected the team to recover about $20 million of the $60 million in delayed revenues in Q3 with the balance in Q4. The team rallied and delivered $40 million in the quarter, effectively accelerating the timing of recovery of $20 million in revenues into Q3. If we exclude the shift in revenues from the fourth quarter into the third quarter, third quarter revenues were still strong, up mid-teens. Overall, backlog for the region remains strong, approximately 50% higher than historical norms.  
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #8. We discussed throughout the call underlying demand for our innovative products and services has never been higher with unprecedented levels of bookings and backlog across our businesses. Relentless innovation, strong brands with leading market positions, customer focus and operational excellence are hallmarks of our market outgrowth over a long period of time. 
In the Americas, our commercial HVAC business is driving strong demand and share gains, as demonstrated by our order growth of approximately 50% on a 2-year stack, and we're exiting the third quarter with another quarter of record backlog, up more than 70% year-over-year and more than 200% of historical norms. End markets remain strong with a variety of economic indicators pointing to growth in 2022. Unemployment is low, and indicators like the Architectural Billing Index remained favorable with a reading of over 50 since February of 2021. Demand remains strong in data centers, education, health care and high-tech industrial verticals, where we have strong customer relationships and market positions.  
Our commercial HVAC business is underpinned by long-term secular tailwinds of energy efficiency, decarbonization and indoor environmental quality. We also see tailwinds from new and ongoing regulatory and policy-related drivers, such as Inflation Reduction Act and Education stimulus. Our commercial HVAC business has a lot of runway, and we believe we have the premier franchise to capitalize on significant opportunities that lie ahead. 
Demand for our residential products remained healthy with a book-to-bill of 92% combined with 16% revenue growth in the third quarter. We expect bookings and revenue to normalize over time and for regulatory and policy-related tailwinds, such as the upcoming SEER change and the Inflation Reduction Act to help buffer potential market declines. Longer term, we continue to see residential HVAC as a GDP-plus business, which makes up about 20% of our portfolio.  
Turning to Americas transport refrigeration. ACT continues to project solid growth in 2022, followed by a relatively flat 2023, where the market is expected to remain at a high level. We have a diversified portfolio of solutions across a number of vertical markets, which provide opportunities and continued growth prospects through further market penetration and share gains. Longer term, we continue to see transport refrigeration as a [ GDP-plus-plus ] business for us. We'll talk more about the transport refrigeration outlook in our topics of interest section.  
Turning to EMEA commercial HVAC. While we have muted expectations for overall market growth, given the volatile geopolitical backdrop, demand for our leading sustainability-focused solutions remains strong. We continue to see good opportunities for market outgrowth and share gains across the region, and we're seeing great traction and growth across our Thermal Management Systems portfolio. Looking at EMEA transport refrigeration, the market is expected to be down roughly mid-single digits in 2022, primarily reflecting the removal of Russia from the market sizing.  
Looking out to 2023, we expect the market to be down modestly, reflecting economic uncertainty in the region. We're continuing to work closely with our customers as the market evolves.  
Turning to Asia. We continue to see strength in data center, electronics, pharmaceutical and health care verticals. Outside of China, the picture is mixed, with varying dynamics country to country.  
Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #14. Overall, global transport refrigeration markets are expected to remain healthy in 2022. Forecast for 2022 are largely unchanged versus the last quarter, with strong growth in North America and a mid-single-digit decline in EMEA, largely driven by the removal of Russia from the market sizing.  
For 2023, forecast have softened a bit versus the prior quarter. ACT is now projecting roughly flat growth from 2022 to 2023 with the overall market remaining at a high level. In EMEA, while IHS has yet to publish an official outlook for 2023, we expect the market to be down modestly based on a softening European economic backdrop. After clear share gains in truck, trailer and APU in both the Americas and EMEA in 2021, we're expecting continued share gains in 2022. For 2023, we have strong and diversified portfolios in both North America and EMEA and see opportunities for growth and share gains across our portfolio.  
Please go to Slide #15. In summary, we are positioned to outperform consistently. Energy efficiency, decarbonization and sustainability megatrends continue to intensify and create record levels of demand for our innovative products and services. We are uniquely positioned to deliver leading innovation that addresses these trends and accelerates the world's progress, supported by our business transformation and our engaging uplifting culture. The strength of our business operating system, the power of our global team and our broad-based market demand gives us confidence in raising our full year revenue and EPS guide.  
We believe we have the right strategy, the best team and a solid foundation in place to deliver strong performance in 2022 and differentiated long-term shareholder returns. And now we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. Well, we haven't seen any pull back, Andy. Good question. But we're seeing broad-based demand, electronics, data centers, education, health care, high-tech industrial, think of electronics, EV plants, battery plants. So we're seeing some nice demand. I mean our order rates were up around 20% in the Americas, and it's really across many verticals. So a lot of strength there.

Yes. Our resi business had a very strong third quarter with strong mid-teens organic revenue growth. Book-to-bill in the quarter was 92%. Channel inventory in our independent wholesale distributor channel was a bit higher than normal, but nothing alarming. Sell-through in the independent channel was mid-teens. So it was strong. Order rates will be under pressure here in the short term as we think about this backlog that we're still measuring in months as it starts to normalize. 
And Andy, if you remember in 2021, our order rates for our resi business on a full year basis were up around 30%. And our revenue was up like 14%. So we built this really large backlog that we'll need to process through. And you really need to look at -- when you think about residential, we really look at 3 different elements. One is what's your order rate. Two is, what's your backlog and then obviously, the revenue. And those 3 will start to neutralize themselves over time. But longer term, we see our residential business as a GDP-plus business, and they had a very strong third quarter for us.

Andy, we do not see resi falling off a cliff. There's going to be some positive tailwinds too next year. You have the SEER change that will happen, which will drive some price. You also have IRA, which we're still working through. There's some elements there that still need to be defined. But that will be a tailwind. Hopefully, that starts towards the beginning of the second quarter. So there is some positive too in residential.

Thanks, John. Appreciate it.

Yes. I mean I think with the backlog of $6.4 billion, it gives us a lot of visibility. If you think about a normal fiscal year, John, we typically go in with about 20% of our revenue in the backlog. Obviously, we're going to go into 2023 with a much larger number, which really is going to help us, too, with our forecasting capability with our suppliers. The supply base is still constrained. It's improving. The third quarter was certainly better than the second quarter. The fourth quarter will be better than the third quarter. But it is going to be constrained for a period of time. But having that visibility really helps us, helps our suppliers, helps us with our forecasting capability.

Yes. I think it will be a little bit more muted. I think that there's obviously the SEER change, which we are in the process, obviously, of shipping the new products as we speak. So that's going to add some price. It's also going to push up the higher end of the SEER market. I also think that IRA will be a tailwind. Again, we're working through some of the details on that, it still needs to be defined. But that will certainly push the market more to the heat pump side of things and the higher SEERs on the heat pumps.

Good question. We don't have totally the crystal balls there, but I would tell you that it is moving to electrification, okay? You're seeing it in the smaller vehicles now. And we have a complete portfolio of products there that are able to capture that market. On the long-haul carriers, think about the reefer units, that will be a slower transition but we're ready for it. We actually have products that are out now. We're testing in the field with customers that are fully electric. It will take an approach very similar probably to what you've seen with cars where you'll start with hybrid and then it will move to an all-electric version.

Yes. I would say that our Thermo King business, I'll start in the Americas. It's performed very well for a number of quarters consecutively. Very strong quarter, obviously, in the third quarter, as we saw the revenue that we missed in Q2. The team was able to pick that up in Q3, just a great effort there by that team. 
As far as share gains, we're very happy with our share gains in our Thermo King business. Outlook for 2023, we like the innovation that we've been able to drive in that business in really both regions -- both EMEA and in the Americas. And it's really helping us with those share -- our share position. So 2023 in the Americas, ACT has got a relatively flat to 2022, but understand that's at a very, very high level. I mean they're forecasting the trailer market to be -- the last number I saw was like [ 45,000 ], which is a very, very robust market. And in Europe, we haven't seen an official forecast from IHS. We're estimating that it's going to be down modestly, but don't assume that, that means that our business will be down, okay? We have some great innovations there, and we continue to get traction with some of the innovations that we've had in our EMEA business.

And Julian, if I could just follow up on just a quick story here to talk a little bit about our culture here at Trane Technologies. That team in the Americas overcame a massive obstacle that happened in the early May time period when a tornado hit our facility in Puerto Rico and really removed the roof from one of our major assembly operations there. And I can remember meeting with that leadership team and it was early May, and the President of that business, she walked into the room, and she looked at the team, and she had 3 questions for the team. And she said, number one, are all our employees safe? And the answer was, yes, because the storm hit on a Sunday afternoon and the plant was unoccupied. 
The second was, do any of our team members need help? And the answer was no because as tornadoes are, they tend to be very targeted, and it wasn't a large impact to the community. And the third question was, how do we get this facility back up and running so we could take care of our customers? And here we are talking about this in the late third quarter, early fourth quarter, and we were able to recover all of the missed revenue that happened in the second quarter and the third quarter. That team performed exceptionally well. And just it speaks volumes to the character of not only that team but to Trane Technologies.

Yes, John, the other thing I would add is I'm very confident long term with our outlook in Europe. That region continues to grow share and it is one of our leading regions with innovation. So just a really creative management team there that's been able to execute well. And long term, I feel good about Europe.

Well, I think the simple answer there is everything was up mid-teens. So that makes it easy to answer. Yes, I mean, for the enterprise, we had over 10 points of price, and resi continues to be one of our leading businesses with price. So it's north of 10. But we won't go any further than that for competitive reasons, but it's a strong business, had a good strong third quarter.

Yes, I'll start. I'll let Chris talk about the profit next year, but we're not seeing any cancellations, okay? That's not happening. If I look at the inventory in the channel, as I said earlier, it's a bit higher than we would normally see, but nothing alarming, and we haven't seen any cancellations. I do believe that we will see our order rates on a unit basis continue to come down because we have to process through this backlog that is -- it's just -- we're still measuring it in months. And it's going to take several quarters before we're able to process that down.

And I've said this before, but we don't see the residential business falling off a cliff next year. And we don't see margin contraction or large revenue falloffs.

Yes, I don't -- I know that -- it's a good question, Steve. I don't have that in front of me. I would tell you that I know that our mix of heat pumps is stronger than the industry. So that would -- and obviously, you don't have a furnace with a heat pump, but I don't have the specifics on heat pumps when we're selling split systems.

Yes. As far as lead times go, Steve, we have extended lead times across our portfolio as does the broader industry as do most industrials right now as we're still working through the supply chain challenges that are improving. As far as on the unitary side, actually, that's -- we're doing pretty well there. So I don't see that -- that's not an area that we have -- I would imagine that we're very competitive in the marketplace there.

Orders, I'm sorry, in unitary?

I know our revenue was up in the 20s. I don't know what the order rate was. I can -- we'll get back to you on that after the call.

Yes. I think if you look longer term at our service business, and let's look over a 5-year period here on a global basis, our service business is up on a compound annual growth rate, high single digits. So that's a business that's very resilient that's performed very well for us. In fact, in 2020, the pandemic year, we were flat to 2019 despite having lockdowns and having difficulty accessing some buildings. So service business is a great business. We have a great operating system around our service business. And today, it represents close to 1/3 of Trane Technologies. So we're very happy with our service business. 
On the unitary side, we had strong growth in the -- throughout our commercial HVAC business. So it was broad-based in unitary and in applied. So really broad-based in many verticals across the globe.

Yes, I'd say supply chain performed as expected during the third quarter. We anticipate a gradual improvement through the rest of the year and for several quarters into 2023. The team is -- our team is doing just a great job of managing that. I think this large backlog gives us more visibility as we talked about earlier, which, again, being able to tell our suppliers what we need, okay, is very important and being accurate with that. And our team has just done a fantastic job there. So supply chain is improving slowly. Slower than any of us want, and we'll continue to see improvement in the fourth quarter here.

Yes. I think one of the knock-on effects of the supply chain that's inconsistent is productivity, right? So if you think about you're running a factory, and you don't have the right components, you're stopping lines, you're partially building product, you're putting it out in the yard, you're bringing it back on the line when you get the components to retest the product because, obviously, you want to test everything before it gets shipped out to a customer. So it's been disruptive. It's improving, but it's going to improve slowly as the supply chain improves. 
As far as quantifying it, it's difficult to do right now. I would just tell you that it's going to be slowly improving, and we'll continue to make progress. It's certainly a focus of our teams as to how do we get back to being able to have the productivity we've seen in the past. But the supply chain, the knock-on effect associated with it, it has had an impact in our operations for sure.

Yes. I think that we're obviously getting with extended lead times, okay? I think the first thing you're going to see as the supply chain improves, you'll see those lead times start to contract back to more of a normal level. But right now, we're obviously, especially on applied jobs, those are specific to a job site. So -- and they're giving us enough [ leeway ]. So we're able to hit their expectations. 
So it's very difficult to accelerate that on the applied side unless the job site suddenly gets pulled forward, which happens, but I wouldn't say it's -- we're not seeing that as the norm right now.

Yes. I mean it is -- I think when you start talking averages and you start getting share to a company level, it's not meaningful. But I would tell you that if you look around the different regions, we like the growth rates we're seeing. We like the innovations we've been able to drive, and we certainly like the order rates that we're seeing and you could see that with our order rates versus maybe some other companies, but we're very happy with the performance. We're very happy with our product management teams being able to really understand customers' insights and being able to have innovations that exceed their expectations. 
So I expect that to continue in the future. One of the things that we pride ourselves in is the fact that we don't let up on innovation. We don't let up on the dollars that we invest in innovation, and we're going to -- you're going to continue to see that from Trane Technologies well into the future.

Yes. Go ahead, Chris.

Yes. One of the areas just talk a little bit about is in the education vertical. And I know the funding there with ESSER, our education vertical in North America, order rates are up year-to-date over 40%, over 40%. So you could see the traction that we're having there.