Thanks, Zac, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. 
I'd like to start out today's call with a brief overview of our global business strategy that's enabling us to consistently deliver strong financial results for our shareholders. Fundamentally, our strategy is at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact, which has strong secular tailwinds for our business. 
The world is continuing to urbanize while becoming warmer and more resource-constrained as time passes. At our core, we are focused on and excel at reducing the energy intensity in buildings, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, reducing waste of food and other perishable goods, and we excel in our ability to generate productivity for our customers, all enabled by technology. And lest you think the world is getting cooler, less populated and less resource-constrained as time passes, these strong secular tailwinds will continue to provide opportunity for shareholders and purpose for our vision. 
As we continue separation and integration planning activities related to the combination of our Industrial segment with Gardner Denver and transformation activities related to our move towards creating the premier pure-play Climate business in 2020, our aggressive pursuit of excellence and driving solutions to mitigate the impact of these secular trends only intensifies. Our Climate businesses squarely focus 100% of our portfolio at the nexus of sustainability and global environmental impact, where our products and services can reduce the impact of these mega trends and further advance the platform for the company to grow above average global economic conditions.
Moving to Slide 4. We continue to deliver strong financial results by effectively managing through an evolving global landscape. In the third quarter, we delivered 6% organic revenue growth and 14% adjusted EPS growth, compounding on tough comps of 10% organic revenue growth and 22% adjusted EPS growth in the third quarter of 2018. We remain bullish on our strategy, the opportunities that lie ahead in our end markets broadly and particularly on our team's resilience and their ability to execute using our business operating system to deliver against the top-tier organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS guidance targets we provided for fiscal 2019. 
We continued to deliver strong and differentiated performance in Q3 in our Climate segment globally. Climate segment organic revenues were up 8% against a tough comp in 2018. Our global HVAC business performance was particularly strong with approximately 10% organic bookings growth and approximately 10% organic revenue growth. Our performance was also broad-based with North America commercial HVAC, European commercial HVAC and residential HVAC all significantly contributing to the growth.
Our backlog, pipeline and order rates continue to be solid and support healthy growth through the fourth quarter. This is reflected in a revised full year Climate segment organic growth guidance of 7% to 7.5% revenue growth, which is a full point above the top of the prior guidance range. 
Delivering strong Climate performance has enabled us to effectively offset persistent softness in global short-cycle industrial spending, which drove organic revenue declines in our short-cycle industrial businesses mainly in Compression Technologies and tools. 
In 2019, long-cycle larger compressor orders have shown more resiliency than small- to midsized short-cycle compressors, and we're building a solid backlog for these products year-over-year. However, the majority of these units won't ship or deliver meaningful revenues until 2020 and 2021. Despite revenue declines in our high gross margin Compression Technologies business, the steps we've taken to restructure and fundamentally improve our operations and service mix over the past several years enabled us to manage the deleverage of the business within our gross margin target rate, demonstrating what we believe is a more resilient business, better able to weather economic downturns.
In Transport, we delivered low single-digit revenue growth in the quarter against a tough comps in 2018. We also expect revenues to moderate some in the second half versus the first half, again comparing with tough comps in the second half of 2018. Further softening of the European economy, combined with ongoing Brexit uncertainty, has softened our European trailer outlook for the back half of the year for the region, but we expect this to be largely offset by strong North American revenues for 2019. 
Our outlook for mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in 2019 for our overall Transport business remains unchanged. We continue to effectively manage tariff and inflationary headwinds and deliver a positive price versus material cost spread. Volume and productivity are also strong, enabling us to drive solid margin expansion. As always, delivering strong free cash flow and directing capital deployment towards high-ROI projects remains core priorities. 
Lastly, we're excited about the pending Reverse Morris Trust transaction with Gardner Denver, creating a premier industrial company while simultaneously creating a leading pure-play climate technologies company focused on HVAC and transport refrigeration. We believe both businesses have potential to unlock value for shareholders.
Please go to Slide 5. This slide provides a visual depiction of organic bookings and revenue growth in the third quarter. As I discussed on the prior slide, we delivered strong broad-based bookings revenue growth in virtually all businesses and regions in our Climate segment in the third quarter, and the business was up approximately 10% in organic bookings excluding Transport and up 8% overall in organic revenues. 
Asia continues to see the impacts of trade tensions and broader economic uncertainty but remains a stable market. Commercial HVAC Asia organic bookings were up mid-single digits in the third quarter. Climate Asia organic revenues were down mid-single digits against the tough low-teens revenue comp in China in the third quarter of 2018. 
As I outlined in the prior slide, our Compression Technologies and Industrial Products businesses continued to be impacted by slowing industrial short-cycle spending. Our small electric vehicle business has continued to deliver strong growth, driven largely by our consumer vehicles strategy. All in, Industrial organic bookings and revenues were essentially flat in the quarter.
Please turn to Slide 6. We've encapsulated a number of takeaways from major end markets in this slide for your reference. I've covered much of this content already, so I'll just add a few brief comments before passing the call along to Sue. First, focused execution of our business strategy is enabling us to continue to deliver a very strong global HVAC performance, particularly in North America, Europe and in the residential business. Our end markets are largely healthy, and we believe we are outperforming the underlying growth rates in these markets. 
The Transport markets have softened a bit versus our view when we exited the second quarter, primarily driven by a softening of the European market, which continues to be impacted by weakening economic fundamentals and uncertainties surrounding Brexit. Overall, we believe focused execution of our strategy is enabling us to outperform global transport market conditions, and we are on track to deliver mid-single-digit growth in Transport for 2019.
Lastly, I've talked at length about slowing industrial short-cycle spending impacting our quicker book-and-ship small and midsized air compressors and Industrial Products businesses. We expect the softness to continue through the fourth quarter, consistent with our updated 2019 guidance. And we expect to offset the softness with the strength we're seeing in global HVAC.
And now I'd like to turn the call over to Sue to provide more details on the quarter. Sue?

Thanks, Sue. Please go to Slide 17. In summary, we're effectively managing the global landscape as it evolves to deliver our 2019 guidance for top-tier revenue growth, EPS growth and free cash flow in 2019. Looking forward, we believe the company is extremely well positioned to deliver strong shareholder returns over the next several years.
Fundamentally, our strategy remains at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact. Today, 15% of the world's carbon emissions come from heating and cooling buildings, and by 2030, it's estimated that 25% will derive from these sources. Transport refrigeration creates another 80 million metric tons of CO2 emissions annually, which can be eliminated through electrification over time. 
Earlier this year, we announced our 2030 ESG commitments, which included a commitment to reduce our customer carbon footprint by 1 gigaton of CO2 through our HVAC and transport refrigeration products and services. We believe this is the largest customer climate commitment made by any B2B company, and our math shows that this reduction could equate to 2% of the world's total emissions. The size and scale is equivalent to the annual emissions of Italy, France and the U.K. combined. At the Climate Summit last month, we also introduced the same challenge to like-minded companies. 
We are bending the global warming curve by changing the way the world heats and cools buildings and moves refrigerated cargo. New technology we've developed can reduce up to 99% of the emissions that come from heating and cooling a commercial building. This doesn't include the substantial environmental benefit of increasing system energy efficiency through optimized system designs, advanced controls and data analytics, ongoing system monitoring and service and maintenance. These comprehensive solutions can also dramatically reduce power generation at the source and energy storage requirements. We're continually working to innovate in this way to electrify heating, electrify diesel engines used to cool trucks and trailers to transport perishable goods and to reduce the energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions in residential and commercial buildings. 
Our 2030 ESG commitments also include addressing a host of other important issues. We continue to transform our supply chain and operations to have a restorative effect on the environment, including achieving carbon-neutral operations and giving back more water than we use in water-stressed areas. We are committed to increasing opportunity for all, strengthening economic mobility and bolstering the quality of life of our people. Additionally, we're committed to gender parity in leadership roles, a workforce reflective of our community populations, maintaining livable market competitive wages and broadening community access to cooling, comfort and healthy foods. 
We've been investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market positions to enable consistent profitable growth. We have an experienced management team and a high-performing culture that instills operational excellence into everything we do. We remain committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital, and we have a strong track record of deploying excess cash to deliver top-tier shareholder returns over the years.
Lastly, we're extremely excited about the proposed transaction and the strategic combination of our Industrial segment with Gardner Denver. Combining 2 of the premier complementary industrial companies offers the opportunity to drive significant innovation and growth with meaningful revenue and cost synergies supported by secular growth trends and diverse end-market exposure. We're also excited about creating the premier pure-play HVAC and transport refrigeration company with our existing Climate segment businesses. We have a tremendous opportunity to leverage a simplified business model and design and sharpen our sustainability focus and our investments. Our Climate businesses have clearly differentiated performance, and we see significant opportunity as a pure-play to build on this performance for our employees, customers and shareholders. 
And with that, Sue and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. Resi was strong, Steve. I agree with what you said. We typically don't think about residential bookings because residential bookings turn so quickly, but we did end the quarter with a low-teens booking number. So to the extent you can read a little forward into the fourth quarter, I feel it's going to be fairly strong again.

Yes. Steve, I would just say we're just executing our own strategy here. So this is building great stuff, having great distribution, working through all the technical and digital work that we've been working on now for a couple of years. So this is just really us executing against our own strategy more than it is anything else.

I'll let Sue comment here in a second, Steve. But one thing I'd say would be on the corporate side, we've worked really hard at reducing corporate costs and have thought about this over the past 1.5 years, 2 years now and putting the same lean tools towards benchmarking and executing against cost reductions there. So I'm happy to see that that's actually flowing through. And Sue, do you have any other comments?

Yes. Jeff, we've done a lot of work on the blueprinting to this point about where we think the opportunity is for all of ClimateCo, across all the Climate -- sorry, all the cost structure, whether that be at corporate or what's in the segments; also, rethinking what should be in corporate and what should be in the segments. But with that being said, there's probably 10 specific ideas we have kind of going forward into 2020 that we're beginning to execute on as it relates to the entire cost structure. And so yes, you can think about this as getting a running start on 2020.

Yes. Pipelines look very strong coming in, backlogs look still very strong, Jeff. I have to go back and look at the 21%, you're talking about Q2 versus Q1. I'd have to go back and give you a number Q2 to Q3, but my guess is we didn't deplete much of the backlog there. That was a strong bookings quarter again for us. So that all feels good. 
Even in the industrial compressor business, we've had backlog build on engineered-to-order compressors, backlog build on oil-free rotary, backlog on services. So there is goodness built up, I think in the backlog going forward. The only place we saw a reduction in backlog would have been in Thermo King. And it's fundamentally just a weakening Europe from the last view we had in quarter 2 and then also just some summer cancellations that occurred. But backlog there is still above where it was this year last time, it's just a little bit less than it was last time we spoke at the end of last quarter.

Yes. I think the context to put it in, Jeff, would to say that on a pro forma basis, ClimateCo would have about 5% or less than 5% of its revenues associated with North American trailer, which is really what we're talking about here. And if you took the ACT numbers at face value, it would reflect something on the order of an 18% decline between the 49.9 units this year and next year's units in the 41-and-change range. So if you think about that less than 5% revenue and 18 percentage drop, you end up with something less than 1 point of revenue headwind to the company. 
And I think that not only TK has significant levers to pull with a lot of new launches and product innovation coming through in 2020, but I feel good about the HVAC businesses at large and the backlog that we're building there in what I still think is kind of early to mid in the North American institutional cycle as well. So I feel like without giving specific 2020 guidance, we've sized that we think we've got plenty of levers to pull to have a good year in 2020.

Well, I think you can think about it as a funnel really, you think about the enormity of the HVAC and transport refrigeration markets and businesses first. That's obviously what the go-forward company is very good at. And then you look at that in the context of any innovation or idea that we'd have that would make sense from reducing energy intensity or reducing greenhouse gas emissions point of view, it's going to be additive to that. So I think you look at those in combination as opposed to independently.

Scott, just to be really clear because I want to be clear on this. We've got plenty to do in our core space. And so we're not opening the lens here to think about a third leg of the stool from a sustainability perspective. We're building the company on its HVAC and refrigeration roots. And to the extent we find things that lower energy intensity and lower greenhouse gas emissions within that, that's sort of a double check for us.

Yes. The mix really wouldn't be size of projects. The mixes that come into play here are going to be things like applied systems versus unitary systems, which applied carry a lower initial gross margin but over the long haul, we're pretty agnostic to the margins because service margins really accrue to the applied business. And then as we're growing the HVAC business faster than the Transport business, of course, the Transport margins are higher than the HVAC business. 
So those are the general issues that we see. But as we look at the business regionally, the EBITDAs of the 3 businesses regionally are fairly close. And so we're somewhat agnostic to where in the world the growth is, but certainly, the actual product or systems or services can change the mix for us.

Yes. Julian, we took up Climate really based on just universal strength across the globe in pipeline bookings and backlog in general. So it would have been commercial and residential across the board. The point you made about residential going up, I think it might have been related to, last quarter, I think we had a bit of a typo in the deck. We might have said low single digit to mid-single digit. We didn't mean to do that. It was always mid-single digit. Zac, is that about right?

Yes. Okay. So we don't really feel different about res all year long, it's playing out the way that we thought it would. 
And then really to comment on the cycle, we've got, over the years, pretty good sources of data and analytics that are proprietary to what we use. And because our business is so dependent on replacement, it's well north of 80% replacement for us, we're watching it very carefully. But really don't see anything here in the near future that would change our view toward a strong 2020 in the residential business for us.

Yes. I think that we're still seeing Asia in general and China specifically, to your question, as being a good market over the long run. You're seeing a change within China around end markets themselves. And so if you think about the 3 largest markets in Asia, the retail, leisure and office, all 3 of those markets are down significantly. Retail is down -- I'm talking about the market, down about 15%; leisure down about 11%; office, about 6.5%. Those are big markets that are down. 
Interestingly, industrial markets are up. That's good for us. And things like education and transportation are up double digit. Even though they're smaller markets, but those are the markets that we wanted to focus on from an applied perspective as being longer cycle, but core to the economy, core to the 5-year plan in China. So we will continue to, I think, see good markets there and continue to see benefits of the direct strategy that we put in place in China.

Productivity was about equal between both segments. There's nothing remarkable that we're seeing really there. Inflation would have been higher on the Climate side, so the net would have been a little bit stronger toward Industrial net productivity. If you think about total productivity over nonmaterial productivity, Industrial would have been a little bit stronger. And there, there's been really good progress over the years. Just congratulate all our leaders in the industrial space. Todd's done a very nice job specifically in the Compression Technologies business around looking at some of this footprint there. And we've essentially gone from a number of larger compressor plants down to a smaller number and have executed that without missing a hitch, and so there's very strong market work there. 
I would tell you within the Club Car business, they're doing an outstanding job and have grown this consumer vehicle into a meaningful part of the business. And every time we sell a consumer vehicle versus a golf fleet vehicle, we mix up in terms of the margin. Pleased with what's happening in our tool and Material Handling business, and even Material Handling in particular has moved back to the black after pretty strong declines over the years in oil and gas. And then our Fluid Management and PFS business really had a record Q3 for them, and so we're proud of what's happening there. Coming out of private equity, it's always a challenge to improve margins, but the team managed to improve margins in Q3. 
So just across the board, good performance. And to us, it's a test of the resilience that we talk about in stress testing our business to make sure that when we do see negative revenue growth, that the deleverage can be maintained inside of our gross margins. And we get that question a lot from investors, and so it's important to point out that when we see this and we have leverage inside that sort of 30% margin number, it's indicative of the fact that I think we're executing well against the plans.

Yes. It's almost normal now for us to see large projects in the pipeline. It's difficult to predict when they close and what they look like when they're complete. We've got a number in the backlog. I would say not as large as that, but maybe collectively, some of the larger projects would total that. So we are seeing more of that. It is more of a sort of base business for us at this point in time in terms of our ability to execute against that. And we're set up to do that. So we've invested heavily in that business, and we do have a pipeline of larger projects sitting in that backlog.

Yes. I mean Service for both has been a strategy for both, I mean so there's nothing new in terms of our focus on the services business there at all. Service has, for us, been something that's grown kind of in the high single-digit range, particularly in the Climate business, over the last decade or so. That continues to clip along at about that level consistently as we're going forward. And then as you've seen in the Industrial segment from the reports we did here, that we continue to see good service growth there, differentiated service growth there to the mix. So maybe a little bit less than what we've seen in Climate over time, but again, it's been a healthy mid- to higher single-digit growth in Industrial services over time. 
And really, when we're talking about industrial services, it's really in our compressor technology business. And that's generally going to be based off our larger centrifugal and engineered-to-order or our larger oil-free compressors as opposed to some of the book-and-turn smaller compressors, which don't have the same sort of service opportunity.

Well, I appreciate you actually raising that. We've done about 18 or so of those in the last few years. A lot of them are sort of that size, maybe a little bit smaller. But typically, it's going to be a technology that we think is novel, it's innovative, it's not part of the portfolio today. It may come with a channel, it may not. But generally speaking, if we can take an innovative product and then move it through the dedicated Trane commercial channel, it's a home run for us. 
In other cases, there's also a strategy to maintain a second channel through independent routes, and that's an important element where we might go to market Trane for some of the portfolio and, in this case, Arctic Chiller for another part of the portfolio. So that multi-channel strategy can work for some of this as well. This is just a novel idea around a modular, smaller chiller design for modular small applications, and it just adds to our portfolio in that regard.

Yes. And Andrew, on that, I mean I'm looking and I'm seeing volume kind of flowing through pretty much at the 25% level for Climate. It was the mix that kind of pulled that back a little bit from there. Then if I go to the deleverage, the organic side of the deleverage in Industrial, it delevered at about the gross margins of the business, hurt a little bit on mix. But again, this is where the productivity and managing that productivity equation and price helped that quite a bit.

Well, thank you, Andrew. What I always say is when you look at put-in-place you really only get about half of the visible market, and the other half of the visible market is the market that you go out and create demand with by putting offers to customers that would reduce their energy intensity or improve operations in their buildings. And so notwithstanding what you said, what I would tell you that in quarter 3, from a vertical market perspective, the strength we saw was in higher education and in health care. We saw that and continue to see that going into the fourth quarter and in 2020 just by virtue of the pipeline that we're chasing. 
Commercial and Industrial, we saw strength there in energy, food, beverage and interestingly, even in retail, which gets to be national accounts and some of the brick-and-mortar out there. So that was, again, really strong for us as well. But we're seeing a very good pipeline going forward in these markets, and that put-in-place data really tells only about half the story, not always indicative of what we're seeing in the marketplace.

Yes. They -- well, they do. They give -- that's a very long leading indicator towards visibility in the marketplace. Generally speaking, when we know that a school district is going to vote or applying for bonds, we know generally then what they're trying to do or construct with those bonds. And so we're doing some preliminary work with schools as they're going out for bonds to get estimates for what things might cost and sort of what it might take from an operational basis to maintain those facilities. But of course, it's predicated on that bond actually passing. And then once that bond passes, it can go through a fairly traditional cycle of detailed models and designs all the way through procurement. So again, it's a very early indicator on a bond. But generally speaking, if we know a school district or hospital's going for a bond vote, we're going to be working with that customer to understand what the scope of the project might look like.

Nicole, just to be clear -- it's Nicole on the line, right?

Yes? Okay. Good. I wasn't sure at first. So are you talking about quarter 4 Climate leverage specifically?

Sue, what's your view on that?

Nicole, if you look at total leverage though for quarter 4, Sue is exactly right on the volume piece of it. What I would tell you is that the mix will hurt us a little bit more there. We think about more applied, less Transport. We would expect less price than we would have in Q3 sequentially just because we're kind of lapping price there again. So I would think that we'll manage the full year for the enterprise to the same 25% we've talked about. But I would expect that quarter 4 will look a lot like quarter 3 for Climate, probably not any better.

And Nicole, I'd say that there's been so much, as you know, volatility around news and announcements coming out around tariffs that, unfortunately, we've gotten pretty good at being able to react to it. It takes us about 2 days to get from an announcement or a change to having that flow through and understand from a gross perspective what the impact is. And it takes us maybe a week from that point in time to understand what we think we can do from a net perspective around mitigating some of that. And therefore then, we know at that point in time, probably a week or so later what we need to do from a pricing perspective. It's so volatile that I think we're comfortable with our ability to react and change, understand and push certain pricing through and mitigate what we can that, at this point in time, we're not trying to guess where things go in 2020 there.

Yes. I think 2 things have happened. I mean one is that obviously, the world is looking at regulations differently around greenhouse gas emissions, understanding the impact of refrigeration systems on the environment. That's one. Two, as these systems become greener, if you don't do anything to the fundamental underlying system, the refrigerants tend to be less energy efficient so you end up using more power to generate the same level of cooling or heating in the system. And so from a system level, it's really making sure that you can reduce the energy intensity while using next-generation refrigerants. And so there's a lot of innovation that goes into that. 
It also feeds right into how we think about the need to have a direct, very high-quality sales force out there, typically engineers or professional engineers selling to professional engineers and our customers in the commercial space. And that model exists for us all over the world because these are complex trade-offs. And then as you think about 30-year lives on many of these systems, any innovation you have, any advantage you have and what the cost of maintaining those systems will be can be a very meaningful sort of a kicker to total cost of ownership. 
And so it's just the way we go to market. It's our model. And when we think about creating demand -- it was the earlier question about put-in-place, and I said about half of it is put-in-place and half of it is going out and creating demand. The half that we go out and create demand with are looking for those kinds of customers that understand this technically and are wanting to do something about it and may have systems of an age or variety where there's a particular opportunity to go have a high return on invested capital. And so it's just a more sophisticated sale and way to market. And that's what we train people to do. I mean we train them technically and then we train them financially around how to go make the case.

Well, it's really -- over time, it's you try to move away from responding to quotes to creating specifications, creating opportunities and creating your own demand. And that is the controllable element of what we do even in a downturn, right. As opposed to sitting back and waiting for something to be built and asking -- somebody asking you for a price, there's plenty to do in the world today to go out and create an opportunity for return on investment for somebody. The other thing too is in a downturn, and I've said this very often, we fully expect both our Service business and our performance contracting business to increase because you have to maintain or extend asset life. And if you can no longer extend the asset life, we've got a way of paying for these assets through the energy savings that we're willing to guarantee as part of the asset swap.