Thanks, Zac, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on today's call. I'd like to start today's call with some prospective on the unprecedented level of change we've seen around the world, both in business and in our personal lives over a time period of just a matter of months and why and how this is particularly relevant for Trane Technologies. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted long-lived paradigms on what was considered normal. It has exposed obvious truths about the many ways the old normal wasn't good enough. Normal has meant rapidly rising emissions and temperatures, creating a global climate crisis, and pollution and poor health in many of our world's biggest cities where COVID-19  has had a disproportionately damaging impact in communities where the demographics are most socioeconomically challenged. Normal has meant hunger, even though 1/3 of the global food supply is lost or wasted each year. And normal has meant inherent systemic racism, injustice and inequality. 
At Trane Technologies, we want to be part of creating a better, new normal. We will challenge the status quo to create a new normal where communities thrive, where equality is foundational and where the environment is protected for future generations. We're putting a stake in the ground that Trane Technologies will lead by example by setting historic and ambitious commitments and taking action to change our company, our industry and the world.
Our Gigaton challenge commits to reducing our customers' carbon emissions by 1 gigaton or 1 billion metric tons by the year 2030. To give you an idea of the size and scale, that's equivalent to about 2% of the world's annual emissions, and that's just our company alone. As other companies join in, we can bend the curve on global warming. 
We're also committed to creating opportunity for all, with the goal to achieve gender parity and leadership by 2030, and racial and ethnic diversity that is reflective of our communities. As chair of the National Association of Manufacturers, I introduced a pledge for action, which the Executive Committee unanimously adopted on behalf of its 12,000 members, focused on advancing opportunity for black people and other people of color through advocacy, education, training and workforce development initiatives. We're having important dialogue within our own organization and in our communities on how we can accelerate our efforts to combat racism and better support communities in need. This includes programs to eliminate hunger, sport education and economic mobility, and to increase affordable housing. 
Our transformation plan for Trane Technologies is another example of how we're creating a new, better normal for our team, customers and shareholder, executing against the new blueprint that culminated in May after 10 months of analysis and planning. Setting these and other bold plans in motion, our talented team around the world has exhibited all the commitment and passion for change that has marked our last decade. 
Our goal is simple: To create a new normal where opportunity is accessible for all, where healthy food, letter and medicines are moved to people who need them, where emissions trend down, and blue skies trend up. Our business sits right at the intersection of making those things happen. And with our unique positioning as a focused climate innovator, transformed and fit-for-purpose, we can tackle these pressing and complex challenges and drive differentiated returns for shareholders. 
Moving to Slide 4. The global COVID-19 pandemic continues to present ongoing challenges to virtually every aspect of daily life. As much progress as we've made, this crisis is still very much with us, and the questions we were all contemplating months ago regarding the depth and duration of the downturn, and the speed and shape of the recovery is still very much a question. As we navigate through the pandemic, of paramount importance is staying true to our culture, purpose and values, where maintaining world-class employee safety as part of our DNA. The decisive and aggressive investments we made in the first quarter were important and necessary steps in order to bring all of our facilities online, operating efficiently and safely. As a result, today, we're up and running under new readiness protocols and well positioned to meet customer demand. 
Despite very challenging global markets, our teams remain focused and agile, with strong execution and solid financial performance. We outperformed our end markets broadly and effectively managed deleverage within our gross margin target levels in all regions and in all business units. We continue to play aggressive offense in order to emerge stronger and to thrive as business conditions improve and new opportunities emerge. We maintained high levels of business reinvestment and innovation and growth programs through the second quarter, and we expect to aggressively invest in the second half. 
We're also accelerating our stranded cost and other fixed cost reduction initiatives to deliver more bottom line savings in both 2020 and beyond. We remain in an exceptional financial position, with strong liquidity and balance sheet optionality which are competitive differentiators for us. We have ample capacity to run the business, effectively deploy capital and remain nimble as market conditions evolve. We'll discuss this in more detail later in the presentation, but our best line of sight at this stage will put revenue somewhere between down 10% and  down 15% for 2020, better than illustrative scenarios we laid out in quarter 1. 
Our strategy remains unchanged, secular megatrends of energy efficiency and sustainability are becoming more pressing every day. We excel at addressing these megatrends and challenging what is possible for a sustainable world, redefining a higher standard for what the world considers normal. This passion powers us forward to deliver top-tier financial performance and differentiated returns for our shareholders. 
Please go to Slide 5. Bookings and revenues were heavily impacted by the pandemic in all regions in the second quarter.  In the Americas, the impacts of the pandemic continue to be far-reaching and severe. Broadly speaking, the economy is slowly progressing forward, but the situation remains tenuous and provides limited visibility. 
In North America, our commercial HVAC business has been relatively resilient through the second quarter, with bookings and revenues each down mid-single digits. Backlog continues to be strong, and services are outperforming equipment. 
Our Transport refrigeration business outperformed the overall market as it continues to move through a deep down cycle, which has been exacerbated by the pandemic. Bookings are showing signs of stabilization, although it's too early to say the market has stabilized. Revenues were down more than 40%, outperforming the market, which was down more than 50%. 
Our residential HVAC business had low single-digit bookings decline, with distributors sell-through down mid-single digits. June saw record bookings and backlog, and July is off to a very strong start. 
Turning to EMEA. Commercial HVAC bookings were down mid-teens, while revenues were down high single digits. Services outperformed equipment, with building access continuing to improve. EMEA, Transport was down approximately 20%, outperforming the broader transport markets, which were down approximately 40%. 
Asia Pacific continues to be mixed. China is showing signs of improvement having made the most progress against the pandemic. Growth in China was more than offset by declines in the rest of Asia, with developed countries generally recovering slowly, while many developing countries are lagging. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris to discuss the results for the quarter in more detail. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #13. On our Q1 earnings call, we shared 2 revenue scenarios: one down 15%, nearly down 25%. To demonstrate that under both scenarios, we remain in a strong financial position, continued to make investments in the business, fund the dividend and play aggressive offense during the downturn. Looking out towards the back half of the year, at the current pace and progression of the reopening of global economies, we expect to outperform both of these scenarios, unless the pandemic or some other unknown negative catalyst catapult markets lower. Given current course and speed, our best view at this stage is to expect revenues to be down somewhere between 10% and 15%. We will continue to confidently and strategically execute our downturn scenario playbook, operating from a position of financial strength as we've done through the first half of the year. 
Please go to Slide 14. Energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger as time passes. Fundamentally, we excel where these global megatrends and sustainability intersect with innovation and capabilities, which drives high demand for our products and services. We have been investing heavily for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market positions to enable consistent profitable growth. As Dave outlined with a few tangible examples, we intend to press our advantage during this downturn to leverage our strong financial and competitive positioning and to invest heavily in the future of Trane Technologies, not only focused on relentless investments and innovation and growth, but investments in blueprinting and transforming into a leaner, fit for purpose, pure-play climate innovator through the elimination of our stranded costs and the execution transformation initiatives that will fundamentally improve the margin profile of the company over the long term. Lastly, we remain committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital. And we have a long track record of delivering strong free cash flow and deploying excess cash to deliver top-tier shareholder returns over many years. 
And with that, Chris, Dave and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

John, in some cases where the capacity of the system, as Dave said, you might increase filtration to a very high MERV filter, but the pressure drop across the filter may not support the ability for the fan. The fan may be undersized, or the casing, so the duct work could be undersized, and you could actually implode systems or blow up fan motors. And so it's the level of modeling and sophistication and retrofitting required for each unique situation. And that's, I think, a tremendous advantage of us -- our capability to be able to provide that. 
So as Dave said, there's really been thousands of assessments done. I assume we're going to be doing thousands more assessments for a long time. And it's such a big opportunity. It's hard to put a number on it because you're talking about buildings of square feet around the world, and everybody  dealing with the same kinds of issues and problems.

Yes, Joe, I'll start. Then I'm going to give Dave a chance to put more color on that.  But yes, look, I think that in terms of buildings reopening, there could be a need, and for buildings reopening, to do service that's been deferred or delayed. But frankly, I think what will take precedence over that is these indoor air quality assessments to make sure the buildings actually can open and open safely. So if you think about a strategy for returning to school, K-12 in the U.S. would be a great example of that. It's not a function of just going in and doing deferred maintenance. It's a function of going in, as Dave said, and looking at if whether or not the systems are working to design or code or to standards, or what might be done to provide more reassurances. And so my sense would be that, in some cases, you could see what would have been prevented a maintenance being spent on more retrofits into the system itself. 
And how that looks into 2021, it's hard to tell. I mean, if you think about our business today in North America, it's 50% services, 50% equipment. Of the 50% equipment, really only 20% or 30% of that is equipment that's reported as Dodge put in place. The balance of that is retrofit. So my sense is the 70% of our business is going to be a tremendous amount of interest, I would say, in indoor air quality, first. And then I think everybody knows, it's just not a matter of putting in a new system or retrofitting a system to have better indoor air quality characteristics. You then have to maintain that system again at that new, better, higher standard. So I think in the long run, it really helps our model. It helps our business. And clearly, it creates a safer environment for occupants.

Well, we're actually, Joe, in a great position to answer that, because half of our business would be independent wholesalers and half of our business is their company-owned wholesale distribution point. So we sell both -- we see both the sell-in and the sell-through. But at such an archaic time, one like I've never remembered before, where you saw, in April and May, the normal sort of sell-in that you would do to independent distribution, really didn't happen as independent distributors made decisions about what they thought the economy was going to hold for them and probably some preservation working capital, some hesitation there. What they found out was the consumer was relatively resilient during that period of time and probably, on average, found out they were holding, say, 25% less inventory as they enter June than they needed to. Now of course, the sell-through really didn't change, and we saw that on the company-owned side of the equation. So that led to a record June in bookings for us and it's led to a record July.  
I'll just give you one intra-quarter data point there, which is July, because it is such a quick book-and-turn business that it is relevant. So the numbers there were quite extraordinary. June bookings up, say, 40%. July bookings, say, up 50%. All that pushed out from what would have been the normal seasonality of April and May. 
So the important thing, I think, for investors and to look at right here is how healthy is the consumer? What's the sell-through, the actual take rate from the consumer? And are they mixing up or mixing down? Interestingly, we're seeing a mix up, and that's different. We're fortunate too that because part of what we're seeing in terms of our growth and our performance has been, we're now in the value segment of the market in this downturn, but ironically, we're seeing growth in both. We're seeing growth in, for us, at the entry-level, at the value price points. And we're seeing the premium systems also continue to have some solid strength.

Well, it's interesting, Scott, because as you really look at the value chain inside the cold chain and the adjacencies that we would have still inside the cold chain, you easily get to a $250 billion or $260 billion market. And even the example that Dave gave, which is the electrification of heat in Europe, right, we've never been in the boiler business. We've never been in the heating business, per se, in Europe. But now you create a solution where between cold air and hot water, you may be 3 or 4x better than independent solutions, and we find ourselves now really in an adjacency, which is growing the business in Europe with ductless 4-pipe systems that allow us to participate in a $1 billion market in Europe that we didn't participate in before. 
So one of the beautiful things about the work we've done and the transformation is all the strategy work to understand these adjacencies and see where the leverage is. So right now, everything we're looking at is fundamentally is how we see adjacencies in the HVAC and refrigeration space. It doesn't mean that over the long run, we wouldn't look. But I think we're seeing great opportunity right in our sweet spot and our core competencies, utilizing our  channels, our engineering talent, our R&D, all the things that we're really good at.

Yes. There is some talk about that. Obviously, we'd be a big part of any kind of standards that were derived. We work with ASHRAE, which is really the organization that kind of monitors this and has a lot of the testing associated with it. 
We've been asked by our customers, if you see in the presentation, kind of that emblem there. They want their employees to know that, in fact, an expert has come in, has taken a look and have made changes to make the environment a safer place. So there's a chance that could become like the next lead. But right now, there's no "standards" around that as we speak.

There's no doubt about the second part of your question. I think, Dave, the market might have been down 11%, 12% because of weak April, May.

Yes, you can do that in hardy. I mean, you triangulate between the 2, for sure, yes.

Well, look, for new put in place Dodge data, the 20%, 30% of the North American commercial business, you've really got to pull that apart, pick it apart by vertical market. And some vertical markets are obviously going to be growing and be more resilient. Warehousing and data centers have been more resilient as an example versus retail office buildings or retail restaurants, that sort of thing. So you have to really pick that apart. 
But for the balance of the business, I think there's going to be a very active multiple year opportunity around going into the 70%, 80% of the business, right, both the Service business and the retrofit business, the demand that we drive, really looking at what the outcome needs to be around some of these IAQ assessments. And whether or not a customer can do everything at one time. Think about a large school district or campus. So they want to prioritize certain things over time. You could really run out multiyear asset plans for customers around the facilities and what would work. So it's hard to know sort of if you think about the percentage of the 20%, what would decline, and compare that against what the opportunity is from an IAQ basis, resulting retrofits and service opportunity within that, it's too early to tell, Steve. 
But there's reason to help for us that there's going to be a busy time for us relative to being able to drive demand through what we know how to do from an IAQ assessment. And then as Dave said, and I followed on to Dave, all this is a tremendous tax on the energy efficiency of a building. So whether a building is occupied at 50% or 100%, in terms of running the systems, you're still running those systems at very high usage rate and the intensity, of course, is very high with HVAC and lighting systems. So if you're going to take these IAQ ideas, which all our tax on energy used in the facility, we're going to have a second round or really a parallel round of when customers take an action to improve indoor air quality, looking for offsetting energy conservation measures to neutralize that. That, I think, is an opportunity as well. But it's too soon for us to tell kind of what really plays out.

Yes. Let me kick it off just with a general comment, and maybe Chris for more specifics.  But we wanted to establish a sort of a set of guardrails, the guardrail being we were going to run the leverage no worse than the gross margins of the company. And we're making a commitment for shareholders to know what to understand would be one side of the guardrail. We also said is we're going to play aggressive offense around running the business for the long run and trying to emerge a much stronger company through this. 
Now to the extent we can do both and invest in everything that we want to do, including the products and services that Dave mentioned, launched in the quarter, there's a possibility of doing better than the worst guardrail. So that's what happened in quarter 2. But you have to realize these differences between a 20% leverage rate and a 30% leverage rate in the quarter like this past or last quarter might have been $20 million or $30 million, right, which in the grand scheme of things, if we choose to make an investment, which, for example, or we take another action, it's not as meaningful to us inside the quarter. But the one thing that investors should look at is the commitment that says, there's a guardrail that says, we're going to run the business with decrementals for the full year at or inside our gross margins. Chris?

It's too early for us to be able to say, Gautam. What I would tell you is our sales force, commercially, we think about it, really, it's 100% commissioned sales force, which is very unique out in the marketplace. They're not going anywhere. And if there's less things for them to do around new buildings and new construction, they're going to get after the billions of square feet that are out there where people need help. So I can tell you that we're going to have all the urgency to outperform the market going forward that you'd expect. 
And for us, the most important thing is whatever the market is, we want to outperform the market, we want to grow EBITDA margins. And that's always been the case of the product growth teams. It's been the case around our product development cycles. It's been the case around why it's important for us to own and operate and service our commercial channel.

Well, first of all, resi, don't even think about backlog, right? I mean, a typical quarter, we might pull 2 or 3 days worth of backlog across the quarter. What was different here is we pulled 10x that across the quarter, or more than that across the quarter -- I'm sorry, month-to-month. So that's an anomaly. 
On the commercial side, Chris, do you have a point of view on that?

We have a business -- we hear -- we call it turnkey. Turnkey for us, generally speaking, projects under $100,000. We're going in and doing retrofits and energy conservation projects, and going forward, you're probably going to find a lot of indoor air quality projects going in that. So part of it is trying to understand how much increase in turnkey that we demand generate versus what are we seeing in terms of traditional projects going through design, plan, spec, sourcing, construction, and then ultimate delivery of product and services. Hard to know. So this is the earlier point that I think Steve asked. Just need more time here to see how this really plays out in terms of the kinds of opportunities and retrofits we see with IAQ.

We're a huge supporter of that because the payback on that, it's not a handout. It's a payback. And so to the extent federal and state buildings could be retrofitted, this always has been this enormous opportunity that I think that, that sort of thing could really unlock for us. And certainly, we're talking to the administration frequently around the opportunity there. We'd be a strong supporter of that type of activity. And we're uniquely suited to be able to go address those challenges because, frankly, it's really doing 2 things. It's not just infrastructure renewal, indoor air quality and energy savings. We're doing this stuff, typically, with reducing greenhouse gas emissions dramatically, if not completely, if they use our EcoWise portfolio. So it just checks so many boxes that are good for the country and for the world. And the paybacks on these things are very short.

Yes. Julian, I think that our litmus test around share buyback versus M&A is just sort of the intrinsic value of what we think the share price, share value is, and what we think the long-range return is for the acquisition of the M&A. And so we've always been sort of agnostic and fair about looking at that. I mean, clearly, all things being equal, we'd rather build and grow the company and have the opportunities that, that presents itself. And so we are seeing a pipeline. It is active. We will do some things in the back half of the year. 
Frankly, COVID and travel has actually hurt things like due diligence. The amount of time we spend and the speed in which we could perhaps react and go see things. And  so that's been a little bit more challenging for us. But I think we'll still be active this year with some M&A.

Yes. Andrew, remember that the AIA data is going to really look at 20% or 30% of our North American commercial HVAC business and correlate to that. It's not going to correlate to the other 60%, 70%, which is going to be service and retrofit in the equipment base, or even 70% to 80%, which is relative to the service, plus the retrofit base. So we would intend to do better, I think, as a result of the service business and driving retrofits and these IAQ opportunities on that front. 
As it relates to sort of institutional activity and construction activity, these projects take a long time to get started. There's typically funding, bond issuance, taxes that funded these projects. They're often multiyear projects or multi-phased projects and so they tend to last a long time. And there's plenty of infrastructure required. 
Now Dave, any more comments you might have on individual verticals or anything that might be helpful?

Yes. I think market-wise, I'd worry more about the parts of the market that are much more consumer-sensitive like commercial retail, big box, those sorts of things. We're seeing more bankruptcies, more mall closures, things like that, sort of the light unitary, the rooftop market, those respond much quicker to economic shock.

Yes. Look, it's put pressure on hospitals' finances clearly without being able to do elective surgeries and whatnot. So that's something to keep an eye on. But one thing for certain is the health care infrastructure in the United States is not going to fail, right? If you think about any stimulus or any risk of that happening, I think that would be a place where you would see support coming in to help hospitals in that situation. So I'm not worried about the long-term or even the midterm effect of health care. And I think we've gotten through -- hopefully, we're getting through the worst of this nonelective surgery component, which drives revenues through the health care system.