Thanks, Zac. And thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Under normal circumstances, I'd start today's call with a brief overview of our global business strategy and how that's enabled us to deliver strong financial results to our shareholders. But today, we're living through anything but normal times. So suffice it for today's call, that although we've got a new look and feel under our new Trane Technologies branding, our long-term strategy is unchanged. With that in mind, I'm going to move directly to Slide 4 and into the heart of our presentation today.  
The focus of our call today is less about earnings in the quarter or even in 2020 and more about the long-term health, strength and positioning of Trane Technologies as a pure-play climate control company as business conditions adapt and eventually improve in a post-COVID-19 world. The depth and duration of a downturn and subsequent recovery is a multi-varied equation that's impossible to solve. 
None of us have ever experienced anything like this in our lifetimes. And we can't effectively draw conclusions from historical reference points because there aren't any. Social distancing has never been part of a recession vernacular. And it provides layers of complexity to our daily life that has far-reaching personal and professional impacts that we're learning about and trying to adapt to as we go. And for some, these impacts are more devastating and more personal than others.  
As a global leader in our field, working with thousands of customers and suppliers and touching the lives of exponentially more people, how we lead through this crisis and the things we prioritize matter deeply. The implications of leading companies' actions are far-reaching. Major employer acting with a singular short-term profit focus can take down a community. A community can take down one or dozens of companies. And the unintended consequences can keep rolling downhill, exacerbating an already very challenging situation. 
We strongly believe the right course of action for our employees, our customers and our shareholders is to lead authentically, steadily and with a sense of purpose. We will remain true to our strategy, maintaining world-class employee safety, acting with uncompromising ethics and integrity, supporting the communities in which we live and work and steadfast in our commitment to building a more sustainable world. These are the fundamental building blocks that drive sustainable, differentiated financial performance for our shareholders now and in the long term.  
With this context in mind, our core operating principles through this downturn are clear. First, protecting the safety and security of our people is paramount. And here, I'll start by saying that we have retained more than 95% of our talented workforce annually for over a decade. And a strong and talented employee base is the most important factor in creating great customer experiences and shareholder returns. We have benchmark levels of employee engagement, which is core to our culture and values. And this is a differentiator that is often overlooked. 
Each time we survey our employees the top 3 things that our people identify with our culture of engagement, are our sustainability purpose and the belief that one company can change an industry and the industry can change the world. Second, it's the ethics and values we live and lead by. And third, it's safety. In fact, with regard to our safety record, I don't know of another company today with a better safety record than our own, within or anywhere outside our industry. Safety and respect for others are at the core of our value system. 
We went into the downturn as the premier climate control company. And a relentless focus on continued high employee engagement will enable us to emerge on the other side of this downturn even stronger. Since the crisis, we've gone to great lengths to keep our people safe across the globe. It's not just about strict PPE protocols, dramatically increasing cleaning and disinfecting, or implementing employee active screening and safe distancing protocols. 
It's about fundamentally rethinking the way tens of thousands of people conduct their work in our offices, factories and warehouses and then reconfiguring them for safe distancing through actions, such as reconstructing and rebalancing production lines, radically adjusting material and workflows and investing in new equipment to adjust for new lifting and positioning requirements and in every facet of how our people work and move through our facilities. We are also actively helping our employees and communities with financial assistance through this challenging time through supporting national and local community organizations and through our employee-funded Trane Technologies Helping Hands Fund. 
We are in a strong financial, balance sheet and liquidity position and will continue to generate powerful free cash flow. We will utilize our strength to play aggressive offense throughout the downturn. We have a strong management team, a proven operating system and confidence we can execute our downturn scenario playbook to limit decrementals in line with our gross margins. 
We announced the RMT transaction with Gardner Denver early in 2019. By mid-2019, well ahead of the pandemic, we created an office of transformation that reports directly to me, blueprinting the organizational design and developing transformational margin improvement opportunities for the pure-play Trane Technologies of the future. The stack of projects related to these margin improvement opportunities are progressing well and many are already underway. 
We're looking forward to discussing these opportunities in detail at our Analyst Day, which is still slated for the fall, whether that's in person or virtually. The transformation office also oversees a stranded cost reduction programs. And this downturn has created an opportunity to accelerate the elimination of stranded costs. We have now identified $90 million in permanent structural cost savings that we expect to take effect in 2020 with run rate savings in 2021 of $110 million.  
Lastly, I personally find it useful to continue to look at the future through a holistic sustainability lens: first, sustaining the health, welfare, personal development and future of our talented people around the world; next, keeping our communities safe, healthy and thriving; and finally, of course, business sustainability, which means managing the business for the long term, including the opportunity we have to invest and build our capabilities even in this downturn so that we can emerge with an even wider competitive advantage. We have a tremendous opportunity to make this happen. In fact, looking back at the last downturn in 2008, we couldn't be in a more different and preferential position in comparison or better suited to capitalize on our advantages.  
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave to discuss COVID-19 and our proactive response to the crisis in more detail. Dave?

Thanks, Dave. Please go to Slide 16. Our strong financial condition, balance sheet and liquidity enables us to operate from a position of strength throughout the COVID-19 crisis as demonstrated through 2 significant revenue downturn scenarios: the first, down 15%; and the second, down 25%. And to reiterate, because I've heard there has been some confusion on other company earnings calls, these are not our forecasts, they're just scenarios. We want to have a response under any scenario, given the tremendous uncertainty that exists in the near term. And we want to assuage investor concern by showing a breakeven free cash flow analysis in the minus 25% scenario. 
What's important to note, however, is that in both scenarios, we have the financial strength to weather the storm, pay dividends and continue to follow our core principles. We are going to remain true and uncompromising to our purpose-driven sustainability strategy and our core values, including employee safety and well-being and corporate citizenship in our communities. Anyone who knows our company and our culture knows that this is something we believe in at our core. It's who we are and it's how we win. It's what has driven strong shareholder returns over the past decade since the last downturn and what we believe is a proven formula for sustainable, strong shareholder returns in the future. 
We're also going to play aggressive offense. We see this downturn as an opportunity to invest, expand market share, extend our leadership as the premier climate control company and to emerge from the crisis even stronger than when we went in. We're going to continue to execute our playbook and take appropriate cost actions and we're going to be very strategic in our application. Our objective isn't to maximize 2020 earnings, it's to build the Trane Technologies of the future and to win big over the long term. 
Please go to Slide 17. Our long-term strategy remains unchanged and is underpinned by strong secular sustainability mega trends. Our end markets, our strategy and our products and services are all tied to the undeniable facts that the world is getting warmer, cities are becoming more densely populated and the demand for fresh food is accelerating. Fundamentally, we excel where these global mega trends and sustainability intersect with our innovation and capabilities, which drives high demand for our products and services. And while short-term demand may be impacted or pushed out, longer term, the challenges these secular mega trends present will not abate, and require leadership and action post COVID-19. 
We also know that the post COVID-19 world will evolve and adapt to the new reality and experiences we've gained through this crisis. Accurate design, installation, service and monitoring of HVAC systems will be more important than ever to ensure proper filtration, ventilation, air flows and pressurization in high-density areas and especially in critical environments like hospitals, food and pharma, office buildings, hotels and homes, buses and other modes of mass transportation. Remote monitoring, diagnosis and artificial intelligence-based service models have the potential for exponential growth and new service models will emerge. These are just a sliver of the potential opportunities we see now and we intend to evolve, adapt and capitalize on them. 
In the near term, we strongly believe it's imperative that premier companies like Trane Technologies lead through this crisis authentically, steadily and with a sense of purpose. We will remain true to our strategy, built on the fundamental building blocks that drive sustainable, differentiated financial performance for our shareholders now and in the long term. We also see this downturn as an opportunity to invest, expand market share, extend our leadership and to emerge with an even stronger culture and a stronger company than ever before. 
Even in the current crisis, we're confident and excited about the future of Trane Technologies and our ability to bring all of our considerable resources to bear to deliver strong, sustainable returns for our shareholders. I want to thank our dedicated employees around the world for supporting all that is essential to fight this pandemic and all the frontline caregivers that are heroically battling for all of us every day. 
And with that, Chris, Dave and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. Scott, it's too early to say, but we're looking at just sort of human behavior and the lasting effects of what a pandemic would do to society. And we see a little bit happening through our lens in China, although you can't draw exact parallels between the 2. One thing for sure is that the ability to really monitor indoor air quality and to design and make sure that from a maintenance perspective and all the controls and automation that go into making sure that it's effectively working, I think you're going to see sort of more density per square foot of all that and perhaps codes that in some parts of the world, which may have not been up to a particular standard, I think, will change, as will food transportation, codes and standards change, I think, going forward as well. 
So probably, when you get through this, it puts an importance. And I think particularly as buildings become tighter and tighter in terms of their design, I'm talking about the envelope with the building, it's so critical to make sure that you're having fresh air exchanged in the building. A typical building, depending on what it does, might have half a dozen to dozens of 100% air changes in an hour. And the ability to make sure that, that's happening and that you're killing pathogens where you can in the system or pressurizing appropriately or diffusing air or diluting air is going to be even more critical. So I think it bears a lot of opportunity going forward. I mean it's hard to -- we need to get through this right now, but I think the other end of it probably has more opportunity than not.

Yes. Scott, if you think about -- you mentioned hotels, but you could throw light retail, that's a small part of our business. I mean retail as an example, we've never, over the last decade, focused much on national accounts at all as an example. And so if you think about our relatively high share in unitary and light unitary, the smallest share by design we would have would be in retail. And if you go into hotels, the place where we play in hotels is sort of in the lobby and in the common areas and in the larger and more complicated spaces. We really don't play in sort of individual rooms. And so the vacancy of a hotel isn't going to matter. If the hotel is open, we're going to be providing equipment and services. So that is a little different. Maybe a decade ago, I would have said we would have had more focus on retail national accounts. And that's changed over the decade.

Yes. That's a great question. And the first thing I would tell you is that anybody that thinks they're going to forecast a number is only going to be surprised when the forecast meets the real world, the first minute. So the notion of really doing scenario planning is something that we've been living with for a long, long time. And although we would have done scenario planning in the past, it would have been around a general recession. So a pandemic is something new with regard to just the behavioral changes in the way that, say, in our case, buildings would even be closed or limited in terms of access for service. And so the pandemic has offered really a sort of a different scenario. But once you move through the initial pandemic phase, and we think through to Scott's earlier question, where the opportunities lie going forward, it's more useful then to think about scenarios and what ultimately will be a recession, of course. I mean we're in one now, we just don't the depth and duration of that recession. So for us, we've looked at, I would say, in increments of 5 points of revenue decline, what are the series of actions that we would need to take on top of the actions already taken. 
And so having those lined up in advance and having a playbook to do that give us some confidence that we can maintain within plus or minus a reasonable amount. Gross margin decrementals would be in line with that. But in doing that, we don't think there's an opportunity that we want to miss about investing or even doubling down in areas of innovation and technology and channel or doubling down in areas of productivity because the key to this for us is we entered this thing, I think, with a pretty wide gap relative to some of the competition, and we want to come out of this with an even wider gap. And we've never been in a better position from a liquidity and a talent and a technology perspective to be able to do that. So it would be a tragedy not to really invest. But all that being said, I think we can do 2 things at once. We can manage the decrementals and we can continue to really double down on the important investments for growth and productivity.

Yes. It's always the strategy is what needs to drive M&A. And so the ideas that we would have 80%, 90% of the ideas that we would have would be really defined by the strategy. And that hasn't changed around technology and channel for us. And they tend to be really in buckets. It's the easy bolt-on technologies that need a channel or it's the channel that adding our technology would make that channel really work. Those are easy for us to do. I would tell you that, that is something that we're still very active with. I think on some of the larger, more transformative things that a company could do like ours, I think the bid-ask has widened in this environment. 
But it makes sense over time really to have the liquidity and the balance sheet to be able to look at those sorts of things if, in fact, the bid-ask narrows and in fact they become attractive. So we would keep all options on the table. And again, this is about playing aggressive offense where we can. In a way, Jeff, our timing was unlucky. We caught a large acquisition and had a hung bridge loan in April. And we couldn't have been in a worse position. And then you fast-forward and between announcing closing the RMT transaction in 10 months, our luck couldn't have been any better. And so we really need to capitalize on that good fortune and make sure that we're parlaying that into a really good future that we can invest for the long run.

Americas, I think, Dave said was down...

Yes. I'm going to, Andy, give that to Dave here. But let me kick off just a thought kind of going forward. Our business in China really is institutional, large commercial equipment with a growing service business. That service business is 1/4 to 1/3 of the mix, which, of course, was heavily impacted. So we recognize revenue when we ship like a chiller or we recognize revenue when we complete a service engagement and bill the client. There's very little progress billing or percent complete accounting that would go on, smooth that out. So it would look outsized for us because we weren't shipping chillers. I mean, conversely, the backlog of chillers to ship in China is fairly substantial. And I think what Dave will tell you is that we're seeing it return back to prior levels at this point.

And Andy, I would say that clearly a service business is not an antidote to a pandemic. It is an antidote to a recession. And as we move through pandemic concerns now into whatever the new normal would be going forward for building occupancy and services, absolutely we would expect to see, as we have in every downturn, every recession, you're going to see capital extended. And here, in particular, you're going to have large commercial, large institutional customers looking at making sure the air flow, air changes, diffusion, dilution, pressurization, filters are all going to be in tip-top shape. 
So really for us, I think that, that's going to, to Dave's point, require every technician we've got and it's going to require more connected buildings because customers are going to want that service as opposed to people that don't need to be in your building, right? I mean there's no point in coming out to a facility if you don't need to, if you can diagnose it first in advance and maybe even fix it remotely, which often we can do, that's going to be an opportunity. And that's a great way for us to deliver service at even higher margins than physically delivering services.

Yes. Julian, first of all, in the Americas, you have something like a $40 million revenue differential. So the absolute dollars are relatively small for the size of the business. Actually, the decrementals there, the cause -- the first cause was not the mix with Transport or the mix of service. It was really the response we took with regard to the COVID crisis. And just to give you a sense, if you ever wonder if we actually walk the talk in terms of what we say about our values around safety, we always think about March being half of the quarter and we always think about the last week of March being half of March. And so 1/4 of our quarter, if you follow all that math, is the last week of March. We actually pulled the end on cord March 23 and shut down all of our factories in Europe and in the Americas and prioritized only the orders that were essential going into fighting COVID. And that would have ranged in 10% to 15% of the orders. We had a couple of factories where, for a short time, it might have been 40% of the orders. 
During that time, of course, you lose that absorption. But when we sent people home, we sent them home and topped up their pay to make sure they were paid their full wages or the equivalent. And so any gap with any unemployment benefits would have been topped up. We made all the wage increases around the globe for any hourly associate or any service technician proceeded as planned. So we didn't delay those. We actually put them through as planned. We reclassified our medical plan so that COVID testing and preventative care would be at no cost to employees and that telemedicine visits would be added at no cost to our employees. We amended our 401(k) plan. So not only did we not cut our 401(k) match, we amended our plans to make sure that people could take out up to $100,000 in delayed loan repayments for a year. We provided backup childcare and elder care programs for people with minimal, very small copays so that they could come to work or take some of the stress off. We extended our employee assistance program to -- with programs for financial, emotional, legal, other support and hardships. And so all those things are things we took. 
But the biggest cost was taking some 25,000 jobs and literally reconfiguring all the lines and workstations and then making sure we had all the PPE in before people came back to work. And so all of that was so that we can go faster in the long run and people would feel safer. And when people feel safe, they come to work. There's not absenteeism. We're not shutting down factories to clean them. And that is where the costs came in. So you look at the job in Asia or the job in Europe and the deleverage in the teens and look at the Americas on the small revenue kind of a decline of $40 million, and I don't want anybody to read too much into that. So before we start talking about taking costs out of which we've got all the actions loaded and we can talk about that if you'd like, you have to think about sort of doing the right thing, which is what we did and what we always would do. And we will do -- and I would make that decision every single time if given that decision again.

Well, I'll start, Julian, this is Mike. Yes, I would tell you that if you go back to the '09 time frame, I want to say we were 3x, 3x, 3x-plus cash to net income. So we know how to get cash out of the business in a significant downturn. So I would look for extraordinary operating cash flow in a down 25% scenario. Just so if you go back to the '09 time frame, you get a proof positive on that point. So I'm not sure if that analysis that you're doing would be correct in that regard. Chris, do you want to add to that?

John, it breaks out to about even 1/3s on the service business. If you look at it that way...

Yes, John, what I'd say, more than anecdotally, is if somebody is calling for service in the Americas right now, they're going to be in a critical infrastructure, a critical, essential role. So we're not getting phone calls from somebody that's not operating or not running. So we're in hospitals, we're in pharma, we're in food and bev. We're in...

Data centers would be huge. That's the places where we are today. And I don't know of any state really that's blocked that essential activity. So even the most stringent states, obviously health care and such, we're in there servicing.