Thanks, Zac, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call today. Please go to Slide 3. 
I'd like to begin with a brief review of the fundamental elements of our business strategy that drives long-term value creation for shareholders. This is often a helpful starting point for those of you listening, who may be less familiar with the company. 
First, our global business strategy is at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact. The world is continuing to urbanize while becoming warmer and more resource-constrained as time passes. We excel at delivering energy efficiency and reducing greenhouse gas emissions, reducing food and other waste of perishable goods and generating productivity for our customers, all enabled by digital and other exponential technologies. Our business portfolio positioning creates a platform for the company to consistently grow above average global economic conditions, aided by the strong secular tailwinds that I've outlined.
Second, our business operating system is designed to excel at delivering strong top line growth, incremental margins and free cash flow. Our business operating system underpins everything we do and enables us to consistently generate powerful free cash flow, which, when combined with our dynamic capital allocation strategy, drives strong returns for shareholders over the long term.
And finally, over the years, we've built an experienced management team and a high-performance winning culture, which gives me confidence in our ability to deliver strong results that are sustainable for the long run. Having a strong winning culture takes years to build and cultivate, and I believe this is one of the things that the market may underappreciate about Ingersoll Rand. As we consistently execute our strategy, we continue to build a stronger company that delivers reliable and consistent financial performance for shareholders over the long term.
Moving to Slide 4. Midway through the year, we continue to execute well against our long-term strategy and 2018 is shaping up to be a very good year for us. Our end markets are healthy, and we are executing well, as evidenced by the strong growth we're delivering in bookings and revenues in both our Climate and Industrial segments across virtually all products, services and geographies globally.
Our Industrial segment continues to perform well with broad-based bookings and revenue growth and significant margin expansion. We're effectively managing inflation and tariff headwinds. We delivered a 10 basis point positive price versus material inflation spread in the second quarter, which reflects strong pricing discipline and efficiency. Our China growth strategy is performing well against our expectations, with continued strong revenue and bookings growth and improving margins. As we look forward, we expect our end markets to remain healthy, with consistent execution of our business operating system, which gives us confidence in raising our full year guidance revenues, EPS and free cash flow.
Please go to Slide #5. In the second quarter, we delivered strong growth in organic bookings and revenue across the board, as indicated by the positive signs on the chart. Enterprise organic bookings and revenues were up 15% and 9%, respectively. Climate led the way with organic bookings and revenues of 17% and 9%, respectively. And Industrial was also very strong, with organic bookings and revenues up 8% and 9%, respectively. These results represent continued healthy end markets and consistent execution of our strategy. 
A couple points to highlight. First, we did not see a significant impact from revenue pull-ins ahead of price increases or tariffs in the quarter, and Sue will discuss it in more detail later. And second, we didn't have any large performance contracting orders to call out in the quarter that would've skewed our results. The 1 minus on the chart was in small electric vehicle bookings, where results were only modestly lower. Golf was down, with utility and consumer vehicles showing bookings growth as expected. 
Please go to Slide #6. This slide provides insight and color into the key drivers behind the chart on Slide 5 and how we're thinking about the outlook for the year. In commercial HVAC, we're seeing sustained growth globally in both bookings and revenue, with good growth in both equipment and services and particular strength in Asia. North America growth remained solid, with gains in equipment, services, contracting and controls. Institutional growth was particularly strong, led by education. And Industrial HVAC strength was also notable in the quarter. Europe, the Middle East and Africa commercial HVAC remained strong with solid growth across the board in equipment and after-market, and we saw additional growth in services from our rental services business. China continued to have a very strong growth in the quarter, led by the execution of our China direct sales growth strategy. Our outlook for total commercial HVAC remains healthy for 2018, and key economic and market indicators largely support our view.
Turning to residential HVAC, bookings and revenue growth were also very strong, particularly against tough growth comps versus 2017. The replacement markets, where the majority of our sales are derived, showed very good growth in the second quarter, and this is expected to continue through 2018. Our transport solutions business continues to be a diversified, resilient business, and the improving market conditions for North America refrigerated trailer have been a positive. North American trailer order growth was strong in the quarter and revenues were up as well. The Americas Commercial Transportation Research Company, also known as ACT, has taken up their forecast for North American refrigerated trailers to approximately 5% growth over 2017.
However, industry capacity by trailer OEMs is constrained, it's not clear how much the industry will actually grow at this stage.
Auxiliary power unit growth remained strong, with good growth in both refrigerated and nonrefrigerated segments. We're also seeing continued solid growth in Europe, the Middle East and Africa truck, which is a meaningful business for us. Overall, the transport market should be stronger than we originally expected in 2018, primarily led by improvement in the North American trailer market.
Compression Technologies is seeing the continuation of an industrial recovery, consistent with industrial production and other key leading indicators. In the quarter, we delivered good growth in bookings and revenues in both equipment and after-market. All major geographies were solid, with particular strength in Asia. For 2018, we expect to see solid growth broadly across key products, services and markets. Small electric vehicle revenue growth was strong, driven largely by successful market penetration of our consumer vehicle, and we expect that to continue through 2018. We also delivered strong growth across our Industrial Products business, which are comprised of tools, fluid management and material handling. We expect to see continued good growth in our Industrial Products businesses in the second half of the year. 
And now I would like to turn over to Sue to provide more details on the quarter and to discuss our 2018 guidance increase. Sue?

Thanks, Sue. Please go to Slide 19. We believe the company is extremely well positioned to deliver strong shareholder returns over the next several years. Our strategy is firmly tied to attractive end markets that are healthy and growing profitably. Our products and services portfolio is at the nexus of global energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends, which provides a tailwind for growth above average economic conditions over the long term. So unless you believe the world is getting less populated, cooler and less resource-constrained these secular megatrends will continue to create growth opportunities for Ingersoll Rand.
We have experienced management and a high-performing team culture that incorporates Operational Excellence into everything we do. Culture is so fundamental to a company's success, yet it is often underappreciated in the short term. For us, it is a sustainable competitive advantage that we invest in heavily to cultivate and maintain.
And lastly, our business model generates powerful cash flow, and we are committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital. We have a strong track record of deploying excess cash to shareholders over the years.
And with that, Sue and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. Steve, so half of it would have been really in commercial HVAC and then a small portion would have been residential, a very small balance being TK for the most part. So that would total something in the $80 million range. What I'd say to you is that, and I don't necessarily talk about sort of third quarter, but I will say we looked at what was happening with bookings in the first few weeks of July very carefully, and they came in very strong. So I don't think that there's going to be an issue there for us with any hiccups in the quarter.

Yes, I think -- sure, I think for the full year '18, Steve, the best way to think about that, the headline would be that I'd expect Climate margins to improve, say, 10, 20 basis points overall. And the pricing has been loaded in. And the productivity is something that, across the company, I always talk about the health of the pipeline. We look to make sure that 125% of what we need is in the Q. The calendarized version or the part of the perpetuity pipeline that is being worked comes down to a monthly and quarterly view. And that monthly and quarterly view would support the productivity side. So I would say with bookings where they are and the health of the end markets, with pricing, the effectivity of pricing being good, what I mean by that is the pace at which price was received and to the extent we were able to get the price that we were looking for, it's as good as I've seen. And the productivity calendarization looks good. When you net that all it out, I think you end up with 10, 20 basis point improvement for the full year implying a pretty good back half.

2018, it's not necessarily that material to the company. And -- but the early days has been -- it's been excellent, it's been exciting and the teams are off to a great start. They're active in the market and it's performing as we would have hoped. So all systems are go and positive on that front.

Got you.

Actually, we think Industrial remains strong. Everything is pointing forward. We're looking at probably a 2-year high now in terms of Industrial productivity. We're seeing strength across the world. We're seeing services grow at about the rate of equipment. So no, I think, for the most part, we see sort of steady as she goes in Industrial.

Well, you've got a little bit of that first $50 billion in tariffs coming through in July and August, on those 2. So I think that the safe view of that, at this point, would be the original guidance we have, which is a flat back half. We saw great price effectivity in the second quarter. It was beyond what we thought, but I think we need to pace ourselves based on the changes that happened with tariffs, and the dates of implementation and how those lists might change. But we think that we're managing it really effectively and that we've got a plan and contingencies around how to manage changes that we would get on the tariff front. By the way, it's not just tariffs, it's inflation. We really have a region-for-region strategy. And so if you think about the impact we're seeing, it's not so much on the actual tariff, it's on the derivative effect of commodities in the region increasing because they can as a result of tariffs.

Yes, I think the market data was released already, Steve, so we grew share in the quarter. We know that. And If you look across the board, and I know you'd love the detail on this, but let me just tell you that on the Climate segment itself, when you think about the revenue growth rate for the segment, we didn't have more than 1 point of variance globally across HVAC or transport or residential. So it was a really good uniform performance. And then North America specifically, when you look at applied unitary and service, everything there was, say, 15%, 16% plus growth. And so that was really strong across the whole range which probably tells you what you're asking, I think, at that point.

There is not a lot of variability around price effectivity around the globe for us at this point, Jeff. And that's part of, if you will, the surprise here. So the margin improvement in China is going really well, and that would've been the points we would have been talking about a couple of quarters ago. But that's going really well and there's not enough differentiation globally to really kind of point out here in that space. Now I mean clearly, we are covering and have been covering material inflation in every business, with the exception of our global commercial HVAC business, and what we're seeing there is that, that gap is flattening and improving with the increases that have been put out in the marketplace.

Jeff, we're ready to build and ship more, so send us orders and we'll get it to you. Yes, no, it's a good time, and we need to make hay when the sun's shine. We all understand that and that's what's happening. So we don't have any capacity issues at this point in time.

Jeff, a good example here is that it's one of the better gross productivity years, if not the best, in terms of the absolute dollars that we've ever had. So although the bridge shows that to be flat, that's absorbing 20 basis points of freight in that equation, as an example, that would haven't been planned, which will show up a bit in price. So this stuff, to Sue's point, is moving around between price and productivity, and it improves in the back half of the year. But to get to the arithmetic math -- the arithmetic equation there, we'll follow up with you.

Yes. The market is growing something in the 5% range, so we're growing in multiples of the market there. And it's in the areas that we would expect, which is the applied systems and some of the larger infrastructure projects and in some of the geographies that we weren't covering as deeply as in the past. So that is a strategy, that's what's being executed. It's being executed very well, and the margin profile and linkage to service continues to improve. So it's been a great success. It's probably one of the greatest successes we've had in the past year or so has been that whole strategy, and I would continue -- I would expect that to continue.

Well same equation in China applies here. We build about 95% of what we sell in China in China and the supply chain is localized. So yes, it's the same equation as we have here region-in-region.

Well, some of the bigger growers in the quarter would have been applied and it would have been compression technologies equipment. So in essence, we're building to 2019 as we speak. And I would say a lot of that is our view toward building a profile for '19.

Yes, in terms of the market, we called out Asia specifically, and that's true, it was really across all of the oil-free technologies, which would be centrifugal and oil-free rotary combined, but also strength in some of the quick ship or the quick book and turn business, short-cycle compressors were strong as well. Service growth across the board is really stepping up. That team has done an outstanding job of taking the operating system for sales excellence and really putting that into how they manage for daily improvement. And so the coverage of the market, the activity we're seeing through that coverage in the market is much stronger than we've seen in the past. Well, that's part of the playbook that we actually stole from the HVAC China business, if you will, in terms of how we're thinking about covering the market more fully and differently there. So -- but North America was good. It was strong as well. We saw that in Contact Cooled, it's a technology. We see that implant there. Centrifugal sort of going into general industry, that's been good as well.

No. We wouldn't do that, if we thought it was better we'd rolled that through, but that's the roll-off we've got at this point in time, and [ certainly ] that's going to be a combination of mix and timing of projects. So I think it's a good forecast where we think the year is going to end at this point.

Somewhat margins, right.

Absolutely.

Yes. I mean, we're seeing, again, there's very little variability between unitary, applied, controls and service. It's just a strong healthy global environment for us, really all regions of the world. There were no large performance contracts in there and something that would skew the results. That's really important to know. So because you're seeing such strength in applied, you're generally finding longer lead projects. And so if anything there, again, you're building quarter 1, quarter 2 of '19 backlog, which we're already well into that based on customer timing.

Well, really, it's the best price effectivity I've seen in 33 years of going through this, both in the urgency to get it done and in the ability to maximize what it was that we were asking for. So the combination of that got us a bit ahead of the curve, which is great, further along than we thought we'd be in Q2. And then the ability to absorb the first $50 billion into the pricing that we put out in the marketplace would be the success there. As it relates to copper specifically, we ladder and hedge, and so yes, it's great that things are moving down. But as you kind of enter quarter 3 and the back half of the year, a smaller percentage of the spend is really in the spot market, we begin to lock that in. So if it continues, we'll see some benefit, but that would be reflected in the locks that we would be doing going into 2019 at this point.

Yes, I mean, globally, as we tracked proposal activity, and we look at what's happening in the market, Nigel, things are strong all over the world for us. And it fundamentally comes down to, in most parts of the world, it's a replacement business, 80%, 85% of most -- what we're seeing in North America, Europe, for sure, and the Middle East is going to be replacement business, and even China. And some of the newer economies are 50/50 in terms of replacement/new construction. And so what's happening is when you can build an equation that has economic value and a payback related to energy productivity, energy efficiency. And if we're able to couple that with a story that helps customers achieve their greenhouse gas emission or sustainability goals, there is a demand creation opportunity out there that's really not factored into how people might look at particular put-in-place or market data across the globe. So it truly is a secular tailwind tied to this whole nexus of energy efficiency and sustainability. And I think that, that's a long-lived phenomenon. You heard me in my opening and close that really relates to the fact that I think as you see more urbanization, you see more pressure on energy and the environment and you think about what businesses we're in, where HVAC is such a major contributor to building efficiency and to greenhouse gas emissions, followed by transport and refrigeration, followed by industrial processes, we're in the right businesses to have an impact. And so I think that's a big part of it. The product portfolio, the investments in controls and digital, the investments in the channel really just go to support that model that we think is the right model.

Well, I mean, services was actually mid-teens. And it's so unusual to see when equipment grows mid-teens, you've got services growing mid-teens. But it really comes down to the whole sales excellence work being conducted across the company and that bearing fruit really over time. And even parts of the world, historically, places like China where I can imagine in the next 3 to 5 years you seeing the same sorts of linkage parity that you're finding in Western Europe and in the U.S. And so that is certainly impacting service growth. Rental is another one. We think that's an important part of the strategy to be able to backstop customers' uptime requirements as well as an opportunity to provide seasonal equipment and to create service opportunities through the rental business, and so that's helping us in that regard as well. As far as Industrial -- you might want to just ask us the second part of your question, the point you were interested in, I think it was industrial productivity?

Well, you're definitely seeing utilization rates across most of the economies in the world increasing up to critical points where you are finding expansion opportunities. So to me, what's really happening in the Compression Technologies business is the market coverage we're taking on and the investments we're making in covering the service opportunities in the markets has taken on a whole different sense of urgency. That connectivity strategy that Todd talked about for really a couple of years at this point in time is something that's showing up in the results in a meaningful way.

No. Not at all. Simple answer, no.

No. I think that we could see Q3, Q4. I think these are -- sort of landing gear is down on a couple of these. So I think that quarter 3, quarter 4 would be my guess.

No, no, it wouldn't. The contribution there is going to be just fine. In gross margins, you'll see a little bit, but the contributions will be accretive.

Yes. I mean, really you're seeing applied, which I would link to Institutional growing at the same rate as unitary, growing at the same rate as service.

Rich, specifically on the deals done, they're integrating well, and we're achieving what we thought we would achieve, which had a high threshold. So I don't think any changes with the guidance we gave you around '18 and '19 around contribution.

Well, I mean, from a U.S. perspective first, you've got tight shipping capacity, you've got regulatory changes, you've got the impact from U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, immediate expensing, all that's going to drive some opportunity. You are right, I mean, technology is a major difference. If you think about what's going across the road in a refrigerated trailer, really any Class A tractor, the need to manage the diesel engine and reduce fuel consumption to manage the refrigeration cycle, the energy and any greenhouse gas emissions coming off those units and to supplement that with auxiliary power units when the vehicles are idling, it's a big opportunity that I think continues for a long period of time. I mean, ultimately like you're seeing with vehicles -- consumer vehicles, you're going to see more electrification of that over time. And that certainly, what we're doing now with some of the hybrid applications as well as the telematics investments that we've made across the portfolio.

Well history would say that it doesn't happen, that there isn't a destruction over time. And so I rely a lot on history, and I would also rely on a lot of the discipline that happens within the industries themselves. And so the structure of the industry is something we do look at, but we're not seeing any changes to historical patterns here.

Joel, Club Car was the weakest, just marginally negative and the strongest would have been CTS and material handling, albeit material handling being a smaller business. But CTS would have been additive, Club Car would have been dilutive and power and fluid management right in the hunt there. So that's the rundown there.

I probably gave you enough of the algebra there that a smart guy like you, Joel, can handle that.

Well, let me do the second part first, Sue can tell you about share buyback. But on the first part, nothing has changed with regard to our methodology, the discipline about how we're thinking about M&A. I think about 80% of what we look at in M&A are assets that we know and think fit the portfolio. 20% are always a good idea that come in from additional sources that get evaluated to see if we're missing something or there's a fit. So nothing has changed there with regard to how we look at the pipeline, how we manage it, how we think about it strategically or how we compare that to other alternatives, including share buyback. And Sue, you may want to comment on share buyback?

No, I said actually refrigerated freight mile is up about 30%, which is great for our TK business, and we were seeing dry freight, at that time, up in the market about 15%. I didn't actually say what our rate increases were. I did say earlier on the call though that there's a 20 basis point impact in the productivity/other inflation bridge that we've got. So if you take that bridge, which shows flat, there's a 20 basis point headwind associated with freight in that number. So that's the impact that we're seeing. And by the way, a lot of the [indiscernible] -- Andrew, and lot of the productivity initiatives, not a lot, but a number of productivity initiatives in the third and fourth quarter are looking at ideas that we've got around freight and warehousing. And so that's sort of an exciting thing that we're thinking about. We started that about a year ago. It's a bit fortunate, if you will, that we've got that kind of teed in for the Q3, Q4 this year, so that should help with that equation dramatically.

No. We'll ship all you want. Again, send us your orders. We're happy to do that, and we've got no problem building them and shipping them.

Well, we employ a lot of people in China. We've got factories and technology and product built for the market. And so in China, we think of ourselves as a Chinese company. In the U.S., we think about ourselves about -- as a U.S. company. Fundamentally we're a global company, and we've got to act that way in the markets that we serve. So to your question specifically, no. We haven't seen any reaction to that one way or the other.

I have to think about that. There really was a second price increase which would have happened, depending on the business, kind of midway through the year. So we wouldn't have had a lot in there for -- meaningfully on this. Certainly, it would have looked at material inflation and news around freight, 232 and 301, and we're trying to get on top of that as it was happening. So David, we'd probably have to come back and answer that. But it's not something meaningfully popping out on the bridge to say that, that is such a difference that -- from where we were originally.

David, I'd probably say maybe 1 point to 120 basis points for the full year would be price. Everything else is going to be pretty well volume.

That's all. That's right.

David, I guess, our math is a little bit different, too, by the way. I mean, to get to a 10, 20 basis point expansion in Climate for the full year, we're going to have to get something like 50, 60 basis points of improvement in the back half of the year. That implied leverage organically of somewhere between, let's say, 23% and 25%. So we'll [indiscernible]

High level, David, I'd say that, and Sue said, the 232s and 301s really hit the Climate segment much more, if not almost exclusively, with the Industrial business. And so to my mind, you've got more headwind there to offset. There is more price in the back half obviously than there would be in the first half. You've got direct material inflation, which continues in the second half to be a bit larger than the first half. But sure enough, the math for the mid -- showing up -- shoring up the math to the raise, we can work with you later on and kind of compare notes.