Thanks, Zac, and everyone, for joining us on today's call. Let's turn to Slide #3. Before we dive into the quarterly results, I want to frame up the bigger picture, the strategy that enables Trane Technologies to deliver differentiated financial performance and shareholder returns.  
First and foremost, we are driven by purpose. We love what we do because we are forging new ground for a better, healthier world. Our people take pride in knowing their work makes a real difference for our customers, for our communities and for the world.  
Our purpose-driven strategy is aligned to mega-trends that are only getting stronger. We see the impact of climate change every day, including more frequent and intense weather events, like the heat waves we're experiencing in many parts of the world. These climate events have serious and far-reaching impacts on the economy, the environment and human health. We must act now to mitigate those impacts and ensure the health of our planet for the next generation.  
Trane Technologies is proud to be leading our industry with bold sustainability commitments and action to back it up. Our innovation is accelerating decarbonization of commercial buildings, homes and transport.  
Our customers recognize our innovation and our expertise, and we are their partner of choice in achieving sustainability goals while improving performance and efficiency. Demand has never been higher.  
Our purpose-driven strategy, relentless innovation and strong customer focus enables us to deliver superior growth profile through cycles. This, in turn, helps us drive strong margin and powerful free cash flow to deploy through our balanced capital allocation strategy. The end result is strong value creation across the board for our team, our customers, our shareholders and for the planet.  
Moving to Slide #4. Q2 was another strong quarter for us. Our global teams faced adversity and leveraged our high-performance business operating system to deliver record results. Our innovation leadership is at the apex of secular mega-trends on energy efficiency and decarbonization, which is enabling us to win customers at an unprecedented pace. Our booking levels remained extremely high, reflecting strong share gains in virtually every area of our business.  
In the second quarter, organic bookings were up 7%, reaching the highest level in the company's history at $4.6 billion. As a result, backlog also eclipsed prior records, rising to $6.5 billion, up 43% year-over-year and more than twice historical norms.  
On a 2-year stack, enterprise bookings were up 37% in Q2. This adds to a 2-year stack of up 37% in Q1. Our global commercial HVAC business is up 40% on a 2-year stack. The absolute booking levels we've delivered over the past 1.5 years have been extraordinary and have been broad-based across our portfolio.  
Last quarter, I discussed the natural tendency to focus on bookings growth trends, but growth trends may be misleading when the absolute number moves step functions higher than any historical reference period, as they did in 2021. I encourage investors to consider absolute bookings and backlog in addition to bookings growth to get a fuller picture.  
Even with our robust organic revenue growth of 11% in Q2, absolute bookings exceeded revenues with a strong book-to-bill of 111% and our backlog grew more than $300 million sequentially from Q1 to Q2. These results are even stronger when you consider that we are constraining bookings in our transport refrigeration business to help mitigate inflationary risks.  
Absolute bookings levels and backlog provide us good visibility into future revenues, particularly in our nonresidential businesses. Our nonresidential businesses represent roughly 80% of our total revenue and closer to 90% of our total backlog and tends to be longer cycle.  
Strong execution of our business operating system has enabled us to stay ahead of persistent inflation and deliver over 10 points of price and positive price versus inflation again in the second quarter. This is a core competency for us and increasingly important given higher cost to serve customers across the value chain.  
I'm especially proud of our team's performance, given 2 temporary plant closures we overcame in the quarter. We discussed the China COVID lockdowns on our first quarter call and our expectation to make this up in the second half, which is still the case. Our teams managed to minimize the revenue impact to approximately $60 million, better than the $80 million to $100 million range we anticipated at the time the lockdowns occurred.  
We also overcame a tornado that temporarily knocked out production at one of our North America transport refrigeration facilities in the quarter. The revenue impact to the quarter was also approximately $60 million. We expect to recoup the full impact in the second half of the year. We exited the quarter with both plants fully back up and running.  
Our performance through the first half of the year has been stronger than we originally anticipated. Booking levels have remained robust. Backlog is significantly higher. Inflation has been persistent, but our pricing execution has more than kept pace. Supply chains remained tight, but we have seen some improvement and believe we have line of sight to further improvement in the second half of the year. All in, we're confident in raising our adjusted EPS guidance range to $7.05 to $7.15.  
When you consider that our guidance includes an additional $0.06 headwind from FX, partially offset by a $0.01 tailwind from M&A, we're effectively raising our operational guidance by $0.10.  
The secular mega-trends underpinning our strategy are only growing stronger. Execution of our high-performance business operating system and our unwavering focus on putting customers first remain at the core of everything we do. Our balance sheet, liquidity position and ability to deliver strong free cash flow provides a robust financial foundation and good optionality for capital deployment. We are exceptionally well positioned to not only navigate near-term macro challenges but to thrive as conditions improve.  
Please turn to Slide #5. As I discussed on the prior slide, we delivered the strongest booking quarter in our history in Q2, and the bookings growth was broad-based. Demand in our Americas Commercial HVAC business continues to top records and bookings were up mid-teens. 2-year stack bookings were up approximately 45%. Backlog is extremely strong, up over 70% year-over-year. commercial HVAC revenues were strong, up high single digits, with growth across equipment and services.  
In residential HVAC, bookings were down mid-single digits versus a high 30s prior year comp. Absolute booking levels were resilient with 101% book-to-bill despite strong revenue growth.  
Transport Americas bookings were healthy, up low teens, despite the fact that we are constraining bookings to mitigate inflationary risks. Non-constrained demand would be much stronger, but customers understand the dynamics and are working closely with us on slots. Revenues were down low single digits against a tough prior year comp, up nearly 70%, and were impacted by the extreme weather event I referenced earlier. This effectively shifted revenue from Q2 to the second half, mainly to Q4.  
Turning to EMEA. We continue to see strong demand for our innovative products and services that help reduce energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions for our customers. EMEA commercial HVAC orders continue to be strong, up low teens, and revenues were up high single digits. As expected, transport bookings were down, in part due to tough prior year comps. And similar to our Americas transport business, we continue to constrain bookings through our order book to help mitigate inflationary risks. Revenues were up low teens, outpacing end markets.  
Our Asia Pacific team delivered commercial HVAC bookings growth in the high teens and revenues were down due to COVID lockdowns in China, as discussed.  
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #8. As we've discussed throughout the call, underlying demand for our innovative products and services has never been higher, with unprecedented levels of bookings and backlog across our businesses. Relentless innovation and franchise brands with leading market positions, customer focus and operational excellence are hallmarks of our market outgrowth over a long period of time.  
In North America, our commercial HVAC business is driving record demand and share gains demonstrated by our order growth of approximately 45% on a 2-year stack. And we're exiting the second quarter with another quarter of record backlog, up more than 70% year-over-year and more than double historical norms. End markets remain strong, with a variety of economic indicators pointing to growth in 2022. Unemployment is low, and indicators like the Architectural Billing Index, which has been over 50 since February of 2021, remain favorable. Demand remains strong in data centers, education and health care.  
Every day, we see customers establishing their own sustainability targets. And we're partnering with them to create decarbonization road maps to achieve their targets through our customized system-based approach.  
We're helping our K-12 customers deploy federal stimulus funds to improve the indoor air quality of schools. We see both decarbonization and indoor air quality as multiyear tailwinds for our business given our deep customer relationships and expertise. Demand for our residential products remained strong, with a book-to-bill of 101% despite strong revenue growth.  
Turning to Americas Transport refrigeration. ACT projects continued market growth through 2023. We'll talk more about transport refrigeration outlook in our topics of interest section.  
Turning to EMEA, while we have muted expectations for market growth with a volatile geopolitical backdrop continuing, demand for our sustainability-focused systems and services remain strong. And we continue to see good opportunities for market outgrowth and share gains.  
Turning to Asia, we are monitoring the COVID lockdowns in China and their broader impact on the region. The business is healthy with strong bookings growth in the second quarter. Potential geopolitical and COVID-related risks have proven hard to predict for the region. For the year, we continue to see underlying strength in China's data center, electronics, pharmaceutical and health care markets.  
Outside of China, the picture is mixed, with COVID-related lockdowns still impacting market expansion in some countries. Our direct sales model is differentiated in the region and provides good opportunities for market outgrowth in both equipment and services.  
Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris to outline our updated full year guidance. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #14. Overall, global transport refrigeration markets are expected to remain healthy in 2022. In North America, ACT has raised their 2022 forecast modestly, primarily reflecting actual builds coming in a bit stronger than expected in the first half. On balance, 2022 weighted average growth is expected to be up 10% versus up 8% prior. Growth is expected for 2023 as well. 
Overall, the forecast for EMEA markets is relatively unchanged. The total market size has dropped year-over-year to reflect the removal of the Russian market. Russia comprises about 14% of EMEA market for trailers and trucks. Effectively removing Russia from the total available market for 3 quarters of 2022 lowers the market size for trailers and trucks by approximately 11% and the weighted average market size by approximately 6% for the year. 
While the reduction in the total available market will impact our EMEA business growth in 2022, we continue to expect to drive growth through share gains and strong price realization across the region. 
After clear share gains in truck, trailer and APU in both the Americas and EMEA in 2021, we're expecting global outgrowth and continued share gains in 2022 as well. 
Please turn to Slide #15. We've updated the North America ACT trailer market growth outlook slide and added the 2024 forecast for reference. You can see that ACT continues to call for a 10-year average for North America trailers in the mid-40,000 unit range, with growth through 2023 and a modest step-down in 2024. IHS has not updated its outlook for EMEA beyond 2022 at this stage. 
Please go to Slide #16. Energy efficiency, decarbonization and sustainability mega-trends continue to intensify and create record levels of demand for our innovative products and services. We are uniquely positioned to deliver leading innovation that addresses these trends and accelerates the world's progress, supported by our business transformation and our engaging, uplifting culture. 
With the strength of our business operating system, we continue to successfully navigate macro challenges with a customer-first mindset. Our first half performance, record backlog and our outlook for the back half of the year give us confidence in raising our full year revenue and EPS guide. 
We believe we have the right strategy, the best team and a solid foundation in place to deliver strong performance in 2022 and differentiated long-term shareholder returns. 
And now, we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. I'll start with the orders and orders were very robust in the second quarter really, especially in the commercial HVAC business in Americas. It's really across all verticals, Andy. So we didn't see any soft spots there. 
As far as the backlog, I mean our backlog right now is at record level, $6.5 billion. Our book-to-bill in the second quarter was 111%. We see a backlog entering 2023, it will be north of $6 billion. And that will give us great visibility into 2023, especially in our longer-cycle businesses, which are 80% of our backlog or 90% of our backlog, 80% of our business.

Sure. Now I'll start with the positive. In our commercial HVAC, we continue to have a strong backlog in EMEA. Order rates were up low teens and we continue to see strong demand. Revenues was up high single digits, with growth in both equipment and services. Thermo King business also continues to perform well, with organic revenues up low teens, outpacing the markets. 
We did see acute supply chain challenges in Europe and a higher cost to serve our customers with spot buys and expedited freight. However, we see these as investments, really good investments, especially with the demand for a thermal management system and the opportunities to minimize the need of fossil fuels for our customers. 
Overall, I'm very confident long term with Europe. This region continues to grow share through leading innovation. Supply chain will improve in the back half, it's going to be a gradual improvement. And as it improves, the efficiencies in our factories will improve and we'll get our margins back on track.

Yes. I mean we're very happy with our services business, and I'll take your suggestion in topics of interest. But our Service business over the last 5 years, and I'll speak globally, it's got a compound annual growth rate of high single digits, and that's over a 5-year period. In 2020, a pandemic year, we had -- our Service business was flat to 2019 despite the fact that we were constrained with getting access to facilities. 
So very happy with our Service business. It's roughly 1/3 of our total business globally. And in the second quarter, it was -- again, it was up double-digit rates. So very happy with the performance there and a very resilient business.

Yes. And I'll chime in here on the second part of that question on resi. First of all, I'll start with the second quarter, and we had just -- the team did just a fantastic job in the second quarter. I mean we had 30% growth in the top line and our book-to-bill was 101%. So our backlog was flat with a 30% growth on the top line. 
We have tough compares all year in resi, with bookings level that we haven't seen before in 2021. So we'll have some tough compares going into the back half of the year. And for sure, we could see some negative bookings like we saw here in the second quarter. But you got to really look at the backlog, the book-to-bill and I couldn't be happier with our performance in our residential business to date.

Yes. I mean it's a great question. I mean, obviously, our M&A pipeline is full, as you would expect. We get to see all the opportunities being a large global player in HVACR. It's active. We don't just look at channel. We look really at any fits in the pipeline that's available. But I'd tell you that we don't need to do anything, as I've said before. We have great equipment portfolio, a great service portfolio, great access to channel. But we'll look and we're going to be patient and we're going to make sure that we make the right investments.

Yes, good question. I mean our supply chain performed as expected during the second quarter and we anticipate, as I said earlier, a gradual improvement through the back half of the year. Our team continues to do an excellent job managing through this environment, working closely with our suppliers. 
Yes, electronics still is a theme, okay? Chips have gotten somewhat better. We see progress working with our suppliers that, that's going to continue to get better in the back half. It's other components like wire harnesses, too. 
But again, we're working through it. We have a great team. They're able to solve problems. And it's open communication with our suppliers and good things happen.

Well, I'd start. The education vertical, Joe, has always been very strong for us and we continue to see stimulus funds flow there. Incoming order rates in the second quarter were very strong for the education vertical. They were north of 40%. So we continue to have -- show great progress there and we have a great process in place to help our customers track funds and to make sure that they're able to make the proper upgrades to their facilities.

Yes. I'd say that Europe has shown market outgrowth for a long period of time now with our innovations that we have, specifically around thermal management systems. Obviously, what's happening right now with the war in the Ukraine and the supply of energy into the rest of Europe from Russia, that's getting tighter. So it is a bit of a tailwind for sure, as our thermal management systems eliminate the need for fossil fuel. And so our original value proposition, which was extremely strong to our customers, just got stronger. And we think that will be a continued tailwind into the future.

Yes, Josh, if I could just add, we don't see pricing going down next year. I mean, price increases that we've seen over the last 18 months likely won't continue at the same rate into the future, but we don't see prices coming down.

Yes. Good question. I mean we're really proud of the results we got in residential. I mean up 30%, you're right. And the good news there is -- the shocking there is that our book-to-bill was $101 million. So our backlog stayed flat as we enter Q3. 
Just to put some context around it, the sell-through in our IWDs was up in the 20s, right around 20% there. It was a little bit stronger in our own channel. 
So as far as inventory levels, they're about where we would expect them to be, Steve. We track that pretty carefully, especially our independent 
[Audio Gap]

I mean we're about a 50-50 shop, if that was your question. I'm not sure if you're going through like the parts side of our business, Steve? Or...

The guys we own, absolutely. I mean we have -- they have part of that. I don't have the exact percentage in front of me, but we could dig that up for you.

Yes. It was -- our incoming order rates for light commercial was very strong. In the Americas, it was up over 30%.

Yes. I mean, dynamic -- I mean it is a dynamic environment. Obviously, we've seen a lot of price there. We're seeing volume there as well. A lot of different things happening at the same time. And obviously, we have a backdrop of very, very strong compares from prior year. So that's kind of what we mean around the being a dynamic space. 
As far as the IRA that's currently working its way through Washington, yes, there is a -- at least the way it's written right now, at least the pre-draft that I've seen, there is a provision in there for electrification of heating, right, which is in the heat pump space for the homeowner. So that could be a tailwind for sure if that goes through. But we'll see -- we'll wait and see how that gets written and let the final proposal goes to Congress and to the Senate.

Yes. I mean I think the answer is yes, they are getting booked sooner, and that's -- there's 2 reasons for that. One is our customers want to make sure we have enough visibility. And the second is that our lead times out of our factories are longer with all of our backlog. So yes, that is a fact. 
As far as how we're protecting ourselves from the pricing, some of the longer lead items, we would actually put in escalations on. That's a portion of the business, it's not the entire business.

Yes. That's not -- we don't do that in our transport business. There, we basically -- we'll go out like a quarter or 6 months at a time to fill the backlog. We'll control that. It's not that we're not working with our customers on slots. We just won't be able to price it until we, in fact, get to a point in time. So like we have not yet opened up 2023 yet for orders. Now we're talking with our customers, so we understand what their demands might be so we'll slot it, so we make sure we don't disappoint them. We're just unable to price it at this time. 
We just want to make sure we -- in that business, it's very difficult to go back and say, we'll have to reprice something. And it's been very volatile. So we just want to be conservative in that -- from that standpoint and make sure we have the right price on the product.

Yes. It's pretty dynamic, Jeff. I'll start with that. As I said earlier, I think the other variable that you may want to put into your model there is the SEER change that will be coming in 2023. Remember, that's going to be -- depending on the model, that would be 10% to 15% on the top line. I wouldn't expect it to be -- expect margins to be neutral on that because, obviously, the product costs more for the higher-SEER product. So that's another tailwind on the top line that we'd be seeing. 
It's -- we haven't come up with our guide yet for 2023. We're working through our planning process now. We have -- as I said before, we have very detailed models in this space. And when we come up with a guide for 2023, we can explain to you in a lot of detail as to what's happening. 
But remember, I sound like a little bit of a broken record here. But residential is only 20% of our total business. So even if it did fall by 10%, it'd be a 2% drop for the enterprise. And the opportunities that we see in our commercial businesses on both Thermo King and our Trane commercial business far exceed the 2%.

Yes. Well, first of all, I think we're very well positioned with some of the latest innovation that we've introduced into the marketplace with our thermal management systems. So -- and I think that as you could eliminate the need for fossil fuels and buildings, that's -- the value proposition was already great, it just got even better. These products are significantly more efficient than conventional ways of thinking, which would have been a separate chiller plant and boiler plant. We now have technology that combine these. Your efficiency is up between 2 and 4x, depending on what your heat sink is. So we're very happy with our position there and we're seeing a lot of traction.

Yes. We're certainly ready. We're well equipped for this. We already sold all the higher-SEER product prior to the change. So we're in good shape there.

I'm assuming your question is more slanted towards the Americas, but it's been strong. I mean if you look at the Architectural Billing Index, which is a good macro indicator to look at, I mean, it's been over 50 now for 17 months. So we continue to see strength in the Americas. We have nice strength in EMEA, as we already talked. And it was a good trend we had in Asia in the second quarter with our order rates there up in the 16% range. 
So overall, lots of strength. And if you look at the longer-term macro trends, I would say it's going to be with us for a while.

Yes. I'll start with the latter there. The liquid cooling is certainly emerging technology that we're certainly doing a lot of work with. And we'll see how that moves forward. So we are aware of the technology and some of our scientists are looking at that very closely. 
As far as the -- we saw a nice growth in data centers. I don't have the exact number in front of me, we can dig that up for you. But we continue to see nice growth in data centers. I think your understanding -- it's part of the office vertical, so it gets a little bit complicated. But we continue to have a nice growth there. We have dedicated teams that work on data centers because there's a specific expertise there that we have that we work with our customers on.

Yes. I mean, first of all, we see indoor air quality as a long-term secular mega-trend for the industry. And we continue to see growth there in lots of different verticals, okay? It's not just in health care we have -- we're doing indoor air quality. We're continuing to do indoor air qualities in several different verticals, including education, office as well as health care. 
As far as the cleaning of the air, products like dry hydrogen peroxide product, we continue to sell, we continue to see demand for. So we don't see it waning. We think that indoor air quality is going to be top of mind for our customers for the foreseeable future. 
It's generally embedded in our applied systems as well as our controls and our services, so it's harder to track as a stand-alone item. But we continue to see it as a growth tailwind for the -- for our business and really for the whole industry.