Thanks, Zac, and everyone, for joining us on today's call. I think we can all agree that 2020 was an extraordinary year. Around the world, we saw the impact of the global pandemic intensified, endangered people, communities, businesses and economies. We saw climate change manifest and several floods, wildfires and draughts.
Please turn to Slide 3. Even as we responded to these major global challenges, we stayed true to our long-term strategy. Our team launched Trane Technologies as a focused, global climate innovator to boldly challenge what's possible for a sustainable world, solving the most pressing and complex challenges facing our customers. We put our purpose into action from day 1, taking immediate steps to take care of each other, and it continues serving the essential needs of our customers in the world. 
I want to thank our global team members for the resilience, tenacity and commitment to rise to the many challenges we faced. At present, COVID-19 continues it's dangerous spread. The vaccine development, production and distribution is underway, and our Thermo King business is there to provide full end-to-end cold chain solutions. Our intent is to enable efficient, equitable delivery and administration of the vaccine to as many people as possible to contain and eventually eliminate the spread of the virus. 
We are also acutely focused on indoor environmental quality to improve the health and safety of indoor spaces, and we believe this is another long-term secular mega trend impacting our history, laid there and amplified by the pandemic. This is especially critical in education where many children rely on schools for access to technology and food. Virtual learning is broadening the digital divide and having a disproportionate impact on indigenous students and students of color. It's vital that we open our schools and address inequity in our educational systems. 
We are applying our expertise and solutions to improve indoor air quality in commercial and residential spaces and balancing that with strategies to improve energy efficiency and reduced emissions. All of this is part of our drive to create a new, better normal. 
At Trane Technologies, we are challenging the status quo to create a sustainable future where communities thrive, where quality is foundational and where the environment is protected for future generations. We're putting a stake in the ground with historic and aggressive commitments like our Gigaton Challenge, which we launched in 2019, to reduce our customers' carbon emissions by 1 gigaton by the year 2030, and our commitment to reach gender parity and leadership. We are also a founding member of OneTen, a coalition to hire 1 million Black Americans over the next 10 years. 
We are executing against our transformation plans in blueprint for the future that we discussed at our Investor Day in December, to fund ongoing innovation investments in our business, aligned to global sustainability trends. We have a responsibility and opportunity for Trane Technologies to be a positive force that changes our industry and ultimately changes the world. 
Fundamentally, pointing all these elements together, we have a business model that delivers sustainable, top quartile financial performance and powerful free cash flow. Combined with our balanced capital allocation strategy, we expect to continue to deliver differentiated returns for shareholders over time. 
Moving to Slide 4. We delivered resilient financial performance throughout 2020, demonstrating the strength of our sustainability strategy and the power of our business operating system. In the fourth quarter, we delivered broad-based market outgrowth globally. We also delivered strong productivity improvement, with 140 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion and 12% adjusted EPS growth in the quarter. 
We entered a tumultuous fiscal 2020 with positive organic bookings growth despite significant declines in majority of our end markets globally, while significantly investing in our business and people, deleverage was just 13% for 2020, which was significantly favorable to our gross margin leverage target and adjusted EBITDA margins actually increased by 20 basis points on a full year basis. We also delivered exceptional free cash flow of $1.7 billion for the full year, adding to our capital allocation capacity and optionality and extending our track record of delivering free cash flow conversion in excess of a 100%. In fact, through 2020, our 5-year average free cash flow to earnings conversion is 116%. 
As I know many investors realize how focused we are on cash flow ROIC, so I'm pleased to report that 2020 was an outstanding year for us with an adjusted cash flow ROIC for the year of 34.5% at an adjusted 3-year average of 36.5%. Since the onset of the pandemic, we've been planning aggressive offense to emerge stronger on the other side. We've invested heavily in our people, in our business operating system and in innovation for our customers to further advance our leading competitive positions and to outgrow our end markets. 
In early 2020, we closed on the RMT transaction that would formally launch Trane Technologies. We committed to deliver $100 million in annualized cost savings by 2021, but we didn't stop there. We continued to work on business transformation initiatives in order to fundamentally lower our cost structure and to triple our initial commitment from $100 million to $300 million in annualized savings by 2023. These savings bolster our ability to continue delivering leading innovation that both solves complex problems and earns a premium value with our customers. It fuels continued market outgrowth, while also delivering strong leverage. 
The pandemic will continue to present significant challenges in 2021, including limiting our visibility on how end markets will perform beyond a relatively short window of time. However, our guidance reflects optimism for improving end market conditions based on continued progress on vaccine development and approvals, sufficient production and supply, efficient distribution and ultimately, mass vaccinations globally. 
At this early stage, we're targeting strong organic revenue growth of between 5% and 7% and strong organic leverage of approximately 30%. We'll also see the benefit of 3 key channel acquisitions we made in quarter 4 and in January, which are proven high-return on investments for us. We have a proven track record of acquiring strong channel and technology partners over many years in delivering excellent returns. Just to give you the sense for the kinds of returns we're targeting, recent acquisitions have yielded cash flow, ROIC in excess of 40%. We discussed 2 of these at our recent Investor Day. 
Including acquisitions, which are expected to add about 1.5 points of growth, we're guiding to revenue growth of between 6.5% and 8.5%, an adjusted EPS of $5.30 to $5.50 a share. 
Our strong balance sheet and liquidity profile provide an excellent capital allocation capacity and optionality as we look to deploy 100% of excess cash over time. 
Lastly, our core strategy remains unchanged. Secular megatrends and energy efficiency and sustainability are becoming more impressing everyday and we excelled addressing these megatrends and challenging what's possible for a sustainable world. This passion follows us forward to deliver top-tier financial performance and differentiated returns for our shareholders. 
Please go to Slide 5. Strong execution and resilient performance throughout 2020 enabled us to consistently improve our outlook as the year progressed. Each quarter, we raised our outlook and advanced our competitive positioning as the leading climate-focused innovator, delivered strong 2020 financial results in a challenging environment. 
We're extremely pleased with what our global team delivered. In the final analysis, we delivered a modest revenue decline, significantly better than gross margin deleverage and exceptional cash flow during a global crisis. There's a lot to be proud of. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave, to discuss our bookings and revenue performance in the quarter. Dave?

Thanks, Dave. Please go to Slide 19. We continue to see strong demand for what we do and a growing movement around what we stand for. Energy efficiency and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger, and we are uniquely positioned to deliver innovation that intersects with these trends and accelerate the world's progress. 
Even as we responded to market challenges and uncertainty caused by the global pandemic, we leveraged our strong financial position and continue to invest in our businesses, launching more than 50 new solutions in 2020 to meet the needs of our customers. And we're not only focused on investments in innovation and growth, but also on investments and business transformation. We are on track to deliver savings that improve the cost structure of the company and enable additional reinvestment to expand margins and further strengthen our ability to outgrow our end markets. Looking back at the long-term sustainability megatrends underpinning our end markets, our exceptional ability to generate free cash flow and balanced capital deployment of 100% of excess cash over time, we are well positioned to continue to drive differentiated shareholder returns. 
I've said that Trane Technologies has the essence of a startup with the credibility of a market leader. That unique profile fosters a culture of inclusion, ingenuity and performance. It's this type of passion and purpose that sets Trane Technologies apart and it's how we will change the industry and ultimately change the world. And now, Chris, Dave and I will be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Joe, I'd say, we were optimistic that we're going to get this right from a distribution perspective on vaccines. And I can tell you, from our company's perspective, we're working with a very large health care provider in the Southeast and bringing not only the cold storage capability, but logistics and lean capability to think about giving shots in Takt time. Like we were running operation in the plant. We have industrial friends and colleagues working with other health care providers to do the same. And it's that sort of thing that gives me some optimism that we're going to get this thing right. 
We're concerned about, obviously, the efficacy of a vaccine against variants, and that could be an issue. But again, we're optimistic that these vaccines will be -- have efficacy because of mRNA technology, basically being able to quickly adapt to that. We also think there's some potential wildcards that could be helpful. 
One would be to the extent in the U.S., you've got favorable support to schools around helping with ventilation, as an example. And to the extent that you could see that funding dispersed. And it will be a formulaic disbursement, much like federal funding happens with schools. You would see potentially, if that can get done quick enough, maybe between May and September, an opportunity to really impact schools as well. But if not, I mean, eventually, that's going to flow, I believe, the health and ventilation. And obviously, we're a big player in ventilation in schools. So we're not really counting on that per se, but there's an opportunity for us, if that were to happen. I think over a multiyear period, we'd see some benefit from that as well.

Yes. For the starting point, Julian, just for color, before I turn it really to Chris on that would be, the organic leverage is actually quite high, but when you add to the point -- you have the 1.5 points of acquisitions, which carry no or very little leverage, and then you have FX, which translates really only at operating leverage, you kind of come down to that 30 range. 
As it relates to price cost, we go about this in our normal operating cadence. We understand the input costs. We understand what our operating system tells us to do. We've been successful for a long period of time about implementing that. And so we're going to target the typical 20%, 30% -- basis points that we would see in that relative to both innovation and just price absorbing any sort of bump shocks that we have in commodity costs. Chris, maybe you want to give color on both leveraging commodities?

Yes, I think mRNA technology and the need for cold storage at mass volumes is something that every health care system ultimately, every state is going to provide for some capacity. This could look like much, like a flu shot or a booster shot every year in my mind. And as mRNA technology becomes more prevalent for other situations, again, you're needing cold storage for that to take place as well. So I think there's sufficient capacity and certainly, there will be growth in the more traditional modes of transport refrigeration, thinking about trailer and truck and air and so on and so forth. But I do think some of the cold storage, the mobile, large-scale cold storage devices are going to be a longer-term opportunity. 
In the short run, I would say that, when you tend to have a centralized government response with a national health care system, it seems to be going quicker, and we seem to have more need, more demand for the large-scale storage capacity solutions that we have. As you see these larger mass vaccination sites, and it becomes more obvious that there's some wasted vaccine, then you see the apps and the lines of people queuing for any vaccine, it's going to get wasted at the end of a day, I believe you're going to see more demand for larger scale, kind of mobile storage and the pop-ups going along. 
So long story short, there is an element of this, which will be a surge in '21, but there's probably a structural element to readiness as it relates to countries, cities, states for more cold storage and more of a ongoing remediation or ongoing capacity to handle this type of vaccine.

Yes. Scott, I wouldn't size it. I wouldn't take the risk of the sizing it because we're learning a lot about it. I will say, it's -- we're really, I would say, disrupting the game because there's never been cold storage at these temperatures with these capacities. And if you think about sort of the old way of looking at a cold pharma logistic center, these would have been larger, sort of residential freezers or what would have gone into a, even a major hospital in your city might have been a larger looking residential freezer, the size of that as opposed to something that could be 10 x 10, 10 x 20 or even larger, something that could be portable. It can run in short power, it can run easily, it can be moved and managed telematically. So -- if you think about the cost to store a dose, it's a fraction, literally, a tiny fraction of the cost in the industry. So this is disruptive. 
Dave's comments, moving to Industrial, refrigeration is disruptive and that we can provide a better industrial process cooling solution and using ammonia, safer, more energy efficient. So these are some of the more disruptive things that we're thinking about. It's hard to put a number on in the big markets.

Yes. It's -- we have certainly both in turned a lot in the indoor air quality space. But systems don't capture nuances and change orders and tweaks that may be related to that. So it's hardly worth the effort. And that's why I think it's really a structural long-term change in the way that standards are applied to buildings and ultimately codes and then how that moves across the world. And this is why I'm convinced, it's going to be a permanent -- huge change. 
With regard to cold storage and vaccines, because of the capacities that we can store these things and the finite number of pop-up hospitals and sites, it's not a large single opportunity. It's really something that's structurally, I think will -- changed my earlier comment about readiness, whether that is FEMA, other country response organizations that are prepared or major medical centers and regions of the countries that will have capacity, that will be different than they had in the past for mass storage. So it's not going to be a huge thing, but it's just another critical link in the cold chain. It's another opportunity to apply something that is more disruptive in terms of what was thought to be medical storage, cold storage in the past. 
And then getting to these temperatures of minus 94 that is an example, it's no small feat. So we're looking for other ways and applications to be able to use that process for getting to that to look at other applications for cold storage.

Steve, I always appreciate your persistence in asking the question three, four times and we're not telling for a long time, but I'm not going to go there. So...

Okay. So 2 questions, Steve, right? One is, what's our Commercial HVAC equipment look globally. And then, specific, again, separate question to res, what's the sell-in, sell-through kind of thing?

Yes. John, what I'd say is I'm going to go back at the end of the call and record what you just said because you've actually explained the launch of Trane Technologies probably better than I have over the last year, exactly what we think is an enormous opportunity. And the data, the size that we're looking at, you're talking about 400 billion square feet, it's just commercial space, calm and [ communal ] space. It's pretty tough for anybody to have a high degree of accuracy on that. 
But the reality is, in what we known, experience and what our teams tell us around the world, there's tremendous opportunity to up fit, upgrade. And this will happen. I mean you can look at what's happening in the EU, as an example. It's just amazing, looking at the electrification. Heat is an example. And look at the map in Europe and the refrigerant deadlines that you're seeing, not only standards change, but codes and law changing around this. Again, to Dave's point about being happy with heat pump growth, we're 5 generations in now with electrification of heat in Europe. We're 5 generations, 5 years into that process. 
And if you go back over a long period of time in Europe, you've seen really strong growth rates for us in that area. We're about just really strong growth rates period in a flattish economy. So it really makes the case for why we split the company, why we think that this is a multiple GDP business. At the end of the day, investors buy a portfolio or an idea. Hopefully, they buy a business model that they feel confident in the delivery and they buy a management team that can deliver on that. So you're making the case for why we think that Trane Technologies is our future.

Yes. It's a great question, and I appreciate the opportunity to clarify that. We give you $1 billion because we know how difficult it is for you to model M&A, right? It depends on when you do it and what it is and so on and so forth. So we're giving you something that you can count on, which is we're going to deploy $1 billion of cash toward these 2 things. We very much love the 20-plus deals we've done in the last 3, 4, 5 years but -- it all been extraordinarily profitable in terms of ROIC. We want to do more of those. And so if we could find the right opportunities, we will. And as you know, often coming out of a recession, coming out of a downturn, there is opportunity. And we feel like we've got the capacity to be able to do that. So we're having you model that because you need to do something with the cash and some of the capital, and we're trying to give you a minimum expectation. But if we found outstanding M&A to go do, we're going to go do that because there's -- that's really the compounding effect. And, yes, this is one of the reasons we've seen cash flow rise, simply what it is, which has been top quartile now for years in terms of the industrial sector and we want to do more of it.

Yes, Jeff, recognize, when we think about backlogs, we're only looking at equipment. We're not looking at sort of the service contracts and those sorts of things. So what Dave is saying really healthy, right? That's a good backlog kind of pushing into the year. And then obviously, we expect to renew and grow our service arrangements and relationships with customers as well.

These services are going to continue to grow. And in some ways, we're building some weren't open and people who deferred. Expect there to be a very good service growth this year. I mean even in EMEA, Americas with Commercial Americas in the batch data kind of pointing down around some of the stuff, we think the pathway between -- and you realize that's about 15% of really kind of how we would think about modeling our business anyway. But the reality is, the retrofits that we would do, the IAQ work, and the deferred service that would be happening should give us a pathway to see some growth, albeit maybe lower, but growth in Commercial Americas next year. 
Almost every IAQ survey we do amounts to some business. Because what we realize as we do these things, and we've got teams out there, let's just go fix the stuff that we can fix right away while we're there. So it's invariable that now we're being paid for the survey, you're being paid for the really quick stuff that you just got to go get done. And then obviously, the long tail in this becomes the proposals around asset renewal and the customers' capacity to pay for some of these things to get to an optimal model. And they request that as Day 2, getting the customer ready for the long-term and being part of that capital planning or maintenance planning model going forward. But it's a very, very high relationship between them, sort of human survey and doing work.

Yes. I mean, the technology exist to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions from air conditioning and refrigeration systems. Now today, we've had it out for 5, 6 years at this point in time. And so when you think about bending the curve on 1/4 to 1/3 of the world's carbon emissions by 2030, it's a shame not to go do the easiest thing, which is a technology that's already been invented. We've done this. It's out in the marketplace. The added advantages, we -- beginning in about 2015 or '16, no longer had to ask customers to pay a premium for it because we actually designed the whole system efficiencies to be lower than the high greenhouse gas emission solutions that are out there for the space. So we want to see code standards, laws, rules changed that would limit this. 
And it's not that you don't need to tick the tax. You could. You can put a price on it. It doesn't really matter. We're giving customers an economic motivation to do this because the paybacks are better and taking all the greenhouse gas emissions out. And that's what we're trying to lead. That's what the whole Gigaton Challenge we launched was. This is in 2015 when we had science-based targets. We were the first -- maybe industrial, but for sure, the first HVAC company that have science-based targets approved. We finish those 2020 targets in 2018. And so launched the 2030 commitments. And we actually opened last night or today. They've actually received approval from the committee that approves science-based commitments. Of course, it takes years to be able to do that. And it takes thousands of thousands of internal hours to put those plans together and vet them and make sure that the base in science got approved. But fundamentally, it's changing laws, codes, standards to avoid greenhouse gas emissions from HVAC and refrigeration, period.

No. I see it more as economic based. The reason we're winning is because we're not asking people to make a choice. We're saying, we're going to give you the best total cost of ownership. And we're going to knock out the emissions in the process. And we're winning. And others are going to follow because they need to take the same approach, right? I mean you need to become more energy efficient, and you need to do that with a better carbon emissions profile. And we could wait for codes in 2025 and 2030 and all this stuff, but we don't need to. The innovation is there. So more of that we can make this an economic benefit, we don't need to wait for codes and standards. But when you get to the tail end of this thing, yes, sure. Standards help, codes help, all those things are kind of locking in.

Well, I mean in the market, I mean, rest looks like you don't want to be, right? If your business model is around light commercial and it's around big box, retail and national accounts and those sort of things. I mean that's clearly kind of where the  problem -- the risk is. But again, I'm confident that eventually, we're going to be able to open the economy. People are going to go spend time in social spaces, restaurants and movie theaters. And if you're looking for a proxy about, when do things start to really improve, it's when the people you know that have been the most careful in this pandemic feel comfortable, eating inside and going to a movie theater. But those markets are going to be tough. 
And you hear about restaurants and small businesses maybe being closed at a 30% rate, permanently closed. But clearly, there's unitary markets that absolutely are booming, and you think about warehousing and people shopping online because they jumped out of retail and the fact to get people in warehouses to work, they need to be conditioned spaces. And so we're seeing the warehouses were in condition, we're seeing them condition today. You're seeing that in a lot of markets. But the net-net of it is, you got to keep an eye in markets that are going to grow, that are not going to be structurally impaired and you got to be cautious about the wide commercial and retail markets. And we made that decision 10 years ago about where we wanted to play, which was data centers and warehousing, those sorts of places.

Yes. Yes. Thanks, Andy. And then you realize that dealers are not a ubiquitous term here in our company, right?

Just to clarify though, like...

TK is going to always be an independent channel for us. Our commercial business is 90% commercial channel going to 100%. And our residential channel is 50%-50%. And that's the only place that we make an analytical decision to say what's best for share and margin expansion. Can somebody do it better locally? Do we need to do it? How do we grow? So our view is TK independent, Commercial HVAC is going to be wholly owned and direct. And then Residential is going to -- which is a U.S. discussion and Canada, it's going to be mixed with a sole focus on margin and market share.

On the first part, the simple answer is, no. That we're not seeing a lot of difference. And 2020 was a year that I'm sure that more than one company would have had issues one way or the other. And clearly, it was a strange year in that regard. But the competitive dynamics largely remain intact, and our strategy fundamentally remains intact. Because over a long period of time now, we've been winning share with it. 
So back to Andrew Obin's question, we are absolutely all about market share and margins in the resi business and look forward to competing with the competitors that structurally may or may not have had issues. But fundamentally, going forward, it's a market where efficiency ratings are set, and your input costs are fairly known. And if somebody is going to drop price precipitously, we can tell you a point drop in price, you better get 10 points of revenue to offset that because that's about the math on that equation. So I don't think there's going to be any strange behavior happening in the markets going forward. Dave, on the 2023?

No. No. I think you just kind of go into more normalized behavior. It was just an anomaly in 2020. So no, it's really tough comps.

Yes. I think a lot of distributors, too are waiting just like we're waiting to see all of this -- what's happening with vaccine distribution, efficacy and markets opening. But there's a bias not to get caught short in terms of inventory. But if there is general reopening and people in some scale or level are returning back to the office and work, you'd see, obviously, a little bit of a shift maybe away from overshooting that.

I think we're going to have a great growth year for Thermo King. And in the Americas as well as Europe will be a little bit less. But...