Thanks, Zac, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Before we begin today, I'd like to take the opportunity to thank Sue for her many contributions to Ingersoll Rand over the past 6 years as CFO. She's been a terrific business partner and a leader of the finance organization. And while we'll miss her once she retires in the upcoming months, we certainly wish her well in her well-deserved retirement. I'd also like to welcome Chris Kuehn to the call as the future CFO of Trane Technologies. Chris has been a strong business partner and leader at Ingersoll Rand since he joined the company 5 years ago. Execution of this succession plan is well underway in order to ensure a smooth transition and he's well positioned for the role. Sue will be with us through the close of the RMT transaction, and we're happy to have both Sue and Chris participate on the call today. 
Turning to Slide 3, I'd like to start out today's call with a brief overview of our global business strategy that's enabling us to consistently deliver strong financial results for our shareholders. As we continue to progress towards the close of the RMT transaction and prepare to transition to a pure-play climate company, our strategy remains unchanged. At its core, our strategy is at the nexus of environmental sustainability and impact, which are strong secular tailwinds for our business. The world is continuing to urbanize while becoming warmer and more resource-constrained as time passes. At our core, we are focused on and excel at reducing the energy intensity in buildings, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, reducing waste of food and other perishable goods, and we excel in our ability to generate productivity for our customers, all enabled by technology. Unless you think the world is getting cooler, less populated and less resource-constrained as time passes, these strong secular tailwinds will continue to provide opportunity for shareholders and purpose for our vision. As I look back over the past several years, these secular tailwinds are only growing stronger and have a greater sense of urgency.
Moving to Slide 4. Fiscal 2019 was a great year for Ingersoll Rand with strong execution against all elements of our strategy. We delivered top-quartile performance with organic revenue growth of 6%, 70 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and free cash flow generation of $1.8 billion or 118% of adjusted net earnings. We established a leadership role in tackling the world's environmental and sustainability challenges by putting forth our aggressive 2030 sustainability commitments, and we issued this challenge to like-minded companies in order to amplify progress towards a more sustainable future. We invested heavily in our core business, acquired Precision Flow Systems, entered into a game-changing RMT transaction with Gardner Denver, repurchased $750 million in shares and continue to pay a strong dividend to our shareholders, executing against all elements of our capital allocation strategy. The RMT transaction creates a leading industrial company. It also creates a world-class, pure-play climate control business which squarely focuses 100% of our portfolio on our sustainability strategy. Finally, we maintained very high employee engagement despite a rapidly changing environment with additional economic and geopolitical challenges, ensuring Ingersoll Rand remains a great place to work for our people. I'm very proud of our teams for delivering these strong results for our customers and our shareholders. 
In the fourth quarter, our global end markets largely continued to be healthy with solid revenue growth across North America, Europe and China. We've highlighted North America commercial HVAC's growth as a standout all year long, and the fourth quarter was no exception. Year-over-year revenue growth was up high teens in the fourth quarter alone despite very tough comps in 2018. 
We've talked about the extraordinary Transport business bookings growth in 2018 and the normalization process that's been occurring in 2019 with steep rates of decline in Transport bookings in every quarter. This has been a drag on top line enterprise bookings all year, so we've been providing bookings growth numbers, excluding our TK business, to help you understand the real underlying bookings of the enterprise to the climate business. I hope this information has been helpful to the investment community. In the fourth quarter, enterprise bookings were extremely strong, excluding TK, up high single digits. Climate bookings, excluding TK, were even stronger, up low teens. Net, our underlying business remains very healthy. Our fourth quarter enterprise and Climate leverage was lower than our guidance at the end of Q3. The lower leverage in the quarter was a result of 3 factors. First, revenue in our higher-margin Transport business declined high single digits in the quarter or roughly $50 million, deleveraging in line with gross margin rates. In addition, the combination of very strong commercial HVAC growth, coupled with Transport declines, drove incremental negative portfolio mix. The second impact is a good news/bad news story. On the positive side, we had exceptional free cash flow in the fourth quarter that well exceeded our forecast. So on the flip side, we needed to accrue a substantial increase to our full year incentive compensation plans as a result which impacted operating leverage. And lastly, we had some unplanned inventory adjustments in the fourth quarter. We know from your pre-call questions that the Transport markets are on many people's minds, so we devoted a fair amount of discussion to this topic throughout the presentation and at a slide near the end.
Throughout the year, we've talked about the significant declines in order rates expected in 2019 balanced against the very strong backlog we carried into the year. We expected that the net of the 2 factors, combined with increasing cancellations in summer and fall, will lead to a mid-single-digit revenue growth for 2019 and year-end backlog that returned to more normal levels. We highlighted that Europe was soft throughout 2019 and that we were largely in agreement with the ACT data, which was showing a correction in 2020 in North America trailer and that November and December 2019 and early 2020 market conditions and order rates are going to be important to really understand how the end of 2019 and 2020 might play out. 
We closed out 2019 with 3% revenue growth for Transport. Overall market demand in November and December did not pick up as much as we anticipated, and fourth quarter revenue was weaker than expected as a result. This knocked a couple of points off our full year Thermo King growth. We believe the fourth quarter marked the first quarter of what ACT and others believe will be a relatively short-lived downcycle as the booking anomalies for 2018 and 2019 reset, positioning the market for a flat or slightly positive growth profile for 2021.
Our Industrial businesses continued to execute very well in the fourth quarter. Our leaders remain focused on running the business, and employee engagement remains strong, a testament to our culture and the strength of the businesses that will combine with Gardner Denver. In the fourth quarter, our Industrial business saw strong margin expansion on a low single-digit revenue decline. Good growth in Small Electric Vehicles was offset by soft short-cycle demand in Compression Technologies and Industrial Products.
We're seeing excellent payback on the restructuring, operational and commercial investments we've made in the business over the past few years as evidenced by our strong margin expansion in the quarter. We believe the business is well positioned moving into 2020 and for the combination with Gardner Denver. We continued our balanced capital allocation strategy throughout 2019 and in the fourth quarter. The strong free cash flow we're generating continues to provide us with good capital allocation optionality moving forward.
Please go to Slide 5. We exceeded or delivered towards the high end of the range against all of our guidance commitments for 2019 and delivered top-quartile performance. Again, I'm extremely proud of the entire Ingersoll Rand team for their hard work and perseverance, navigating through a very dynamic economic and geopolitical landscape in 2019.
Please turn to Slide 6. As we continue to move closer to the close of the RMT transaction with Gardner Denver, we're excited and well positioned to debut as Trane Technologies. 100% of our portfolio will be strategically focused on global megatrends and at the intersection of sustainability and advanced technology and innovation. All of our products and services are uniquely positioned to have a real and significant positive impact on reducing carbon emissions. We continue to compete in largely healthy end markets globally, and our strategy provides tailwinds to grow faster than GDP. While we expect the transport market to move through a short-term correction period, we believe this is a great business to be in over the long term. We expect the new Trane Technologies to continue to drive top-quartile performance, and we expect to deliver approximately 25% leverage in 2020 despite headwinds from our Transport business. We're excited about the new Trane Technologies business and expect to host an Investor Day in the fall to lay out our long-term strategy and targets.
Please turn to Slide 7. This slide provides a visual depiction of organic bookings and revenue growth in the fourth quarter. The underlying Climate business remains very strong with broad-based bookings and revenue growth in virtually all businesses and regions. Our Compression Technologies and Industrial Products businesses continue to be impacted by soft industrial short-cycle spending, while our Small Electric Vehicles business has continued to deliver excellent growth. The headline enterprise bookings decline of negative 6% does not accurately reflect the underlying strength of the business. Enterprise bookings were up high single digits, and Climate bookings were up low teens, respectively, when you exclude Transport and the very large quarter 4 2018 commercial HVAC order. 
Please turn to Slide 8. This slide combines our quarter 4 growth performance with our preliminary view of our major end markets for 2020. I've covered the main points regarding fourth quarter growth on the prior slides, so I'll focus my comments on our preliminary 2020 market outlook. Our global commercial HVAC outlook continues to be positive. Leading economic indicators remain largely supportive of continued market growth in 2020, albeit slower growth than in 2019. We're expecting to see low single-digit market growth for global HVAC with North American office, government, education and industrial markets all healthy. 
In the residential HVAC market, which is a North American market for us, we're expecting to see low single-digit market growth led by continued growth in the replacement markets, which is approximately 80% of our business today. Economic indicators are also largely supporting continued growth. As I discussed earlier, ACT, other data sources globally and our internal estimates point to transport markets moving through a relatively short-term downcycle in 2020 and a more stable market in 2021. I'll cover this in more detail later in the presentation. Relative to the industrial markets, we continue to see impacts of soft short-cycle CapEx spending in the fourth quarter, partially offset by solid growth in Small Electric Vehicles. We expect this to continue through the first quarter of 2020.
Through focused execution of our business strategy, we expect our businesses to grow faster than each of the major market growth expectations just outlined. And now I'll turn it over to Sue to provide more details on the quarter. Sue?

Thanks, Sue. Please go to Slide 21. The last topic of interest is related to transport refrigeration. While this is a preliminary view based on available forecasts and our internal estimates, I'll cover both what we are currently anticipating for the major end markets for the Transport business and what we expect to see for our Thermo King business specifically. Given the complexity of this topic, we've significantly expanded the level of disclosure on our TK business for the purpose of this discussion. We hope this will be useful in better understanding our outlook for the market and for our TK business. We expect the transport markets to move through a short-term correction period in 2020. We're expecting to see steep declines in North American trailer and APU and mid-single-digit declines in truck. These businesses account for approximately 40% of our TK business. We currently expect the decline to be most significant in the first quarter where the market faces tougher comparisons to solid growth in the first quarter of 2019 but to remain challenging throughout 2020. We're also expecting to see a high single-digit decline in our European, Middle East and Africa trailer business with a steep decline in the first half of the year and recovery in the second half. The truck business in EMEA is expected to be lumpy but flat for the overall year. What's shown as the all other market for TK reflects aftermarket parts, marine, bus, rail, air and a few of the relatively smaller regional markets where market forecasts are not as robust as in North America or Europe. However, for these markets, we're currently expecting modest growth of low single-digit to mid-single-digit growth in 2020. 
We believe we have the opportunity to outperform the overall markets in 2020, in part by leveraging the 40% of our business that is in markets where modest growth is expected. We believe we have opportunities to significantly outperform in areas such as aftermarket parts, where consumption increases in a downcycle; and in APU, where we continue our successful strategy to improve our bolt-on rate beyond current levels. We also anticipate outperforming the overall trailer and truck markets in both North America and EMEA through innovation and new product launches and where we see opportunities for share growth. The situation is obviously fluid in transport refrigeration, and we're closely tracking order rates and other market indicators to improve our line of sight into 2020 moving forward. At the present time, however, we're guiding for quarter 1 TK revenues to be down somewhere in the 20% range and for 2020 TK revenues to be down in the 5% to 10% range.
Please go to Slide 22. 2019 was another year of top-quartile financial performance with strong revenue growth, EPS growth and free cash flow. Looking forward, we believe the company is extremely well positioned to deliver strong shareholder returns over the next several years. Fundamentally, we excel where global megatrends and sustainability intersect with our innovation and capabilities. Today, 15% of the world's carbon emissions come from heating and cooling buildings, and another 8% comes from global food loss, and these numbers are growing. We are continually innovating to bend the curve on global warming. By 2030, we will reduce our customers' carbon emissions by 1 gigaton by changing the way the world heats and cools buildings and moves refrigerated food, medicines and other perishables. We've been heavily investing for years to build franchise brands and to advance our leadership market positions to enable consistent profitable growth. We have an experienced management team and a high-performing culture that instills operational excellence into everything we do. 
We remain committed to dynamic and balanced deployment of capital, and we have a strong track record of deploying excess cash to deliver top-tier shareholder returns over the years. And lastly, we're extremely excited about the pending RMT transaction and the strategic combination of our Industrial segment with Gardner Denver. Combining 2 of the premier complementary industrial businesses offers the opportunity to drive significant innovation and growth with meaningful revenue and cost synergies, supported by secular growth trends and diverse end market exposures. 
And personally, I couldn't be more excited about creating the premier pure-play HVAC and transport refrigeration company as Trane Technologies. Our Climate businesses have clearly differentiated performance, and we see significant opportunity as a pure play to build on this performance for our people, customers and shareholders. 
And with that, we'll be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Steve, Mike here. 1 second, Steve. I would say that, just from an internal planning perspective, once we've filed all that we need to file around the restated financials, targeting something like a 5- to 10-day period after that, after you've digested it to come back and provide more guidance. And so we'll likely structure a call, put a presentation together and lay out the 2020 guidance. And then we'll reserve until the Investor Day, report back on the last 3 years and then restate kind of going forward likely another 3-year view for Trane Technologies through 2023.

Yes. Steve, the way our revenue bottoms out, first, I would say that you probably are just going to see the bottom in both Europe and North America in the first quarter, and then it's going to still be negative, obviously, as you can see from the graphs we've got on Slide 21 in the deck, for the balance of the year. But from a bookings perspective, you recover obviously a little bit quicker than that. Although there is a fair amount of [ book in turn, ] I think that will happen in the business. And so the comps get easy third, particularly fourth quarter. So second, third, fourth quarter, you get to see bookings, I think, improving. Revenue progressively improves throughout the year in both regions.

Yes. Julian, I want to be careful not to mix market expectations versus our internal businesses. So the market, I think that North America remains very healthy. We'll see growth across the board, equipment parts, services. I think that we feel good about what will happen in institutional, particularly education and health care. We expect industrial and commercial also to remain healthy. And then if I translate to our internal view in North America, as an example, we end the year at the 17% high teens kind of backlog over the prior year. So the setup for us and the setup for the market look pretty good.
In Europe, where you've got the sort of flattish expectation in 2020 and still some lingering Brexit execution uncertainties, we'll continue to outgrow the market as we have been, really based on the whole sort of sustainability focus and the go-to-market strategies that we've had there. So we expect to grow -- sort of outgrow the market at least a multiple of 2x or 3x there, I would assume, off a very slow kind of growth in the underlying market in Europe. 
Middle East, Africa HVAC, it's going to be positive, but the patterns there are always lumpy because, particularly in the Middle East, these orders tend to be large district cooling plants. And so they're very large orders when they come, and so you get a little bit of an anomaly there. And then actually, healthy growth in China and for the AP region, in general. And again, here, the backlog that we've got in China, fourth quarter versus prior year fourth quarter, is up low double digits. So a good setup for us kind of coming into 2020, so I feel pretty good about what's happening in the commercial HVAC space.
And residential, similar view, 80% of the market for us is replacement. Underlying markets still look good. Consumer confidence still remains relatively high. U.S. economy remains relatively healthy. Unemployment is low. GDP is stable, so pricing remains healthy. I think the market there appears to be pretty solid going into 2020.

Yes. I mean at starting point, I'll let Sue and Chris chime in. But you really end up with a pretty low quarter 4 comp that we just completed when you think about most of those impacts really were center hit on the commercial HVAC markets. And so the road map we've got here is still a strong pricing environment, probably a moderating materials environment. Our productivity pipeline looks robust, should cover all of inflation. Volume should drop through our gross margins. We don't see anything happening there, and we don't see any repeat issues that would have been in the fourth quarter. I mean, obviously, we talked about the silver lining perhaps in the cash conversion. But some of the inventory adjustments were partially a result of just an immense amount of factory consolidations that were done starting in '18 and through '19, and those don't repeat. That smooths it out as well. So I feel like we're in great shape on commercial. I think residential continues to hum along, a good conversion there. I don't see any changes there. And even in a market like Latin America, we had great success in '19. It appears to be recovering, particularly Brazil, I would highlight. Margins there are good for us, and I think that can help contribute as well.

Yes. John, I would start with a caveat that if a company can actually tell you the revenue generation from their digital business, they probably don't have a digital strategy because the whole strategy really hits every bit of the value stream, from the way that you design and develop systems to not fail all the way through to the way you monetize offerings in the service business through to the way that you utilize fixed service contracts, fixed service agreements to deliver service in more creative and better ways for the customer. So you put that all together, and it's in everything that we're doing. So it continues to be the norm. I would say 100% of what we're shipping out in the applied space today is absolutely communicating. If not inside the customer's firewall, it's coming across to us with important data. We're acting on it. At last count, I think we've monetized in our commercial space alone about 20 different offerings that we put together in that space that use digital to monetize. Same thing would hold true to TK. 
Interesting with TK, I'm just going to kind of maybe skip to this as a little bit of a story here. When you look at ACT's 2020 forecast of 37,500 units, we look at the replacement of units on the road today in North America, and we get to a number of about 35,000 units. I mean you can think about more than 90% of the market ACT is representing could be accounted just through replacing units. Well, part of the reason that we know where these units are and whether or not they're a candidate for replacement would be through things like the telematics that would tell us how systems are operating. And so that's a great example of how the game really changes when you've got a complete digital strategy across these businesses.

Well, we're coming through some really major platform investments and have been a multiyear investment for Thermo King, let's just say, in particular. That's going to tend to kind of flatten out there but likely not in the Trane business, particularly with some of the regulatory changes that will happen between now and 2023. So it's at a very high rate. A good estimate for 2020 is it's probably as low as 20 bps of incremental and maybe as high as 50 bps of incremental that will go into the Trane Technologies portfolio for 2020.

Yes, Jeff. There's a number of things that I think that we can count on and, in some ways, drive and control even with the trailer decline forecast for 2020, and that's one of them. So if the standard aftermarket growth rates would be something kind of in the normalized 3% to 5% range, as an example, if all 35,000 North American units that are probably up for replacement wouldn't be replaced, which would be an extreme view, you'd likely see something in the high single digits. Our experience has been something maybe 8% to 10% if that were to be the case. So that tends to always pan its way out. 
The other thing that is interesting when you look at the auxiliary power unit bolt-on rate, think in 2016, we were talking about something in the 10% to 11% kind of bolt-on rate there. And we said, look, we think we can move this thing. And for every 2.4 units of APUs we sell, it equates to 1 trailer unit. That was a strategy to help us through 2016 and '17. We actually have increased that bolt-on rate by 10 points, so we ended the year kind of in the low 20s. The remarkable thing about that is that's with the denominator, right, increasing dramatically in terms of what was built in terms of OEM tractors put out into the marketplace.
Other interesting thing there is the replacement factor that we see out there for APUs going into 2020 is roughly 102,000 units that are available. That's compared to a 99,000-unit market. So here, you've got a replacement rate opportunity that's actually bigger than a new complete. So by taking the same experience we've had around bolt-on rates moving 3, 4 points a year with even a more aged APU fleet out there, that's an opportunity for us.
The NPD launches I've talked to, the new platforms, should be good. And we've worked 3 years to get these things ready for the market. And as I said in my remarks, truck, bus, rail, those will all grow, too, small truck, in particular, bus, rail, all grow, too. So those are sort of factors that we can count on, I think, in 2020.

I can't speak to the scale. Maybe Zac or Shane, who drew the scale could talk to that. But...

Yes. I mean first of all, it's a passion inside the company. What I'm telling you around company purpose is something that gets deeply ingrained and even how investments and projects get evaluated because that's how we think we're going to win in the marketplace, and so it's very tied out in terms of how we deploy goals and how we look at projects going forward. So that, for sure, I think, is critically -- a critical factor in all of this. 
When you look at some of the Dodge data, as an example, and the put-in-place which people look to, it's interesting, and I'm just going to talk obviously about North America here, which is where the Dodge data is more relevant. You take our commercial business and you split it right down the middle, 50-50, between equipment and services. And of the 50% that's equipment, you get 60% to 70% of that which is replacement, which generally is not ever going to be reported on Dodge put-in-place because we're negotiating energy service agreements, service contracts, retrofits. So that really only has the Dodge put-in-place data addressing about 15% to 20% of the business. And so as folks try to read through that to our commercial business on Dodge data or ABI data, you're probably only predicting 15% to 20% of what that looks like.

Well, first of all, when we talk about Asia, in particular, we have to remember that China is sort of half of the business, and the rest is the rest of the region. China was actually relatively strong. The bookings were -- looked okay. Backlog, as I mentioned, is up double-digit year-over-year. And so a lot of the weakness was outside of China. And I think, in some ways, you see those markets recovering. You can think about electronics in South Korea. You can think about those sorts of markets were -- which were pretty tough. But we expect healthy growth in China and for the region in 2020, strength in health care and we think a rebound in some of the technology segments, which where we've been a big player historically.

Well, I mean, first of all, we've had no impact yet to employees, which is important. And I think we've sent 650,000 masks is what I saw to China, so we're trying to do our part there on that. I will tell you that what we believe we know today is that best case would be China essentially going back to work on February 10. This is sort of the market in general and sort of our business as well. So if that's the case, I mean, you're talking about really a week of production, and that's just going to get pushed. I mean that demand is there. It will get pushed out. Maybe it will get absorbed in the quarter, if it's possible to do. If not, it will get pushed to the second quarter. So it's fluid. We're watching it closely. 
We're looking at the supply chain as well. We generally have strong supply chains. We generally tend to work in region for region. But to the extent we've got any Chinese components being imported, say, into the U.S. or Europe, we'll generally keep, in those cases, 8 to 10 weeks of inventory on hand. So again, a 1-week or 2-week issue is not going to be a problem for us with regard to that. But Joe, it's fluid, and I'm hoping that this thing is contained. And best case looks to be people are back to work February 10.

None that I can think of. Guys, anybody have any color on that?

Yes. What I'll say, Joe, is that I go back to commercial North America, which has been just incredibly strong, and it's strong across the board, meaning that the -- even the unitary and services growth have been double -- unitary spend in the teens, but the applied growth has been extraordinary. The win rates there, the pull-through of systems has been excellent. Now that does initially book and ship at generally lower margins than the unitary business. But of course, you get the long service tail in the applied business. So in the long run, it's a great business to win. 
But it does put a little bit of probably mix pressure within Trane, commercial, and that, again, is one of those mix pressures we saw in quarter 4 as well. And so historically, I usually get the question, and I didn't get it so far, but I'll talk about it. We end up historically something in the 15% range of Q1 EPS to the total year. And the last 3 years has been that. 6 years have been a little bit lower than that. I would tell you sort of a safer guide here would be something between 14% and 15%, just a result of that strong mix differential between applied and unitary and between TK and Trane.

Thanks, Zac. I'm so used to EPS after all this time that we're going to [ talk ] about OI.

Yes, Andy. It's such a small part of kind of what drives our business that, to us, we would far be -- far from be the experts on giving you a forecast there. I mean if you think about the res equipment business being probably 10% of the company going forward and you think about 80% of our business there being replacement, new construction doesn't move the needle one way or the other for us, really, in our residential markets. So I'd probably defer to some of the better forecasts that are out there on that one than tell you that we've got a good read on that.

Well, I mean, when we guide, we're generally guiding on what we think the market is going to be, pricing, some sense of volume, some sense of mix. We always target our teams with market share and margin expansion, so the goals there are always higher than what you see, and I think that's a healthy thing for us to do. I feel really good about what's coming out into the marketplace, feel good about a lot of the training and development we've had around the company in terms of systems, sales and some of the more sophisticated offerings that we do around services. So I feel like there's a lot of ways to win. It's not always on the product technology, although we're a leader there, and that's a heavy part of the investment. But it's also in the way that you go to market in a way that the expertise gets played out in the channel. And as you think about what I've always said in the commercial space, these are always going to be people that are 100% dedicated on behalf of the company. This is not something that you see sort of distributors doing for us. That's such an important thing when you're trying to drive an overall system strategy and trying to sell total cost of ownership over the long run. It's a sophisticated sale generally done by very technical people. They've been doing it for a long time, and that's something that's very difficult to replicate and something we always invest in that capability. That's a big part of the secret sauce, I guess, of the business.