Thanks, Zach and everyone, for joining us on today's call.
Let's turn to Slide #3. Today, I'd like to open with a few comments on our purpose-driven sustainability strategy, which is the engine that enables us to deliver differentiated shareholder returns over time. Secular sustainability megatrends continued to intensify. Climate change is causing more extreme weather events, which threaten vulnerable people and economies around the world. Scientists say it is still possible to meet the targets set under the Paris Agreement, but it is getting more difficult as time passes. We need to act today, and that's what Trane Technologies is doing. We have set aggressive science-based emission reduction targets that continue to push our innovation further and faster. That innovation is transforming the way the world heats and cools buildings, improves indoor air quality and safely transports food and medicine. As we scale today's technology and innovate for tomorrow, we can dramatically reduce emissions and accelerate the world's progress. We are committed to making a difference, relentlessly and over the long term. 
This unyielding approach enables us to consistently outgrow our end markets, which, in turn, helps us drive strong margin and powerful free cash flow to deploy through our balanced capital allocation strategy. The end result is strong value creation across the board for our customers, for our team, for our shareholders and for the planet.
Moving to Slide #4. Our global team delivered a strong close to 2021 despite persistent macro challenges related to cost inflation, tight supply chains and logistics markets and labor availability that continue to restrict capacity and negatively impact productivity. In the fourth quarter, we delivered 27% bookings growth, 11% organic revenue growth and 32% adjusted EPS growth. This includes approximately $80 million of $150 million of revenue that was pushed out of the third quarter, which was at the high end of our guidance range of $50 million to $75 million. 
On balance, 2021 was another very strong year for us with record performance across key financial metrics. Bookings, revenue, backlog, EBITDA margins and adjusted EPS all hit record levels. Price realization also reached record levels, demonstrating the power of our business operating system and enabling us to more than neutralize the impact of widespread and persistent inflation for the year. With record demand for our innovative products and services and backlog nearly double the level it was at this time last year, we are extremely well positioned for 2022 and beyond. 
We anticipate macro challenges to continue to constrain capacity and to negatively impact productivity, and those impacts are reflected in our revenue and EPS guidance. They are also reflected in how we're thinking about the cadence of the year with the second half expected to be much stronger than the first half. With continued strong demand and supply constrained by the macro environment, we expect backlog to remain at elevated levels throughout 2022 and into 2023. 
Please turn to Slide #5. Looking at our initial guidance for 2021, we effectively met or exceeded all of our targets and delivered another year of strong financial performance. We delivered 11% organic revenue growth, 140 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and 37% adjusted EPS growth. We also delivered strong free cash flow and returned $1.7 billion in capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Please turn to Slide #6. Our relentless investments in innovation and our unwavering focus on serving our customers enables us to deliver consistently strong performance and differentiated returns for our shareholders over the long term. Demand for sustainable solutions continues to accelerate, and our innovation leadership is positioning us to outperform end markets. This will only intensify as the world decarbonizes. We're confident our leadership in sustainable innovation will continue to deliver differentiated financial performance and shareholder returns into the future.
Please turn to Slide #7. In addition to our financial metrics, our ESG performance is core to our purpose and our strategy. Beginning in 2021, we revised our annual incentive compensation plan for approximately 2,300 leaders to link directly to ESG metrics, including reducing carbon emissions and increasing the diversity of our workforce. These metrics are on our glide path to achieving our 2030 sustainability commitments, and I am happy to report that we exceeded each milestone in 2021. Job well done by the team.
Please turn to Slide #8. Customer demand for our climate-focused innovation continues to grow. We delivered another quarter of robust organic bookings growth with growth across all segments. Customer demand was high throughout 2021 with organic bookings up 27% for both the quarter and the year, driving record backlog in each segment entering 2022. Organic revenues were also strong, up 11% for the quarter and the year. Overall, bookings growth far exceeded revenue growth, which was, in part, constrained by global supply chain and other macro challenges referenced earlier. 
Our Americas commercial HVAC business delivered robust bookings growth in the quarter with orders up mid-20s. Strength was broad-based with applied, unitary and service each up more than 20%. Demand for comprehensive end-to-end indoor air quality solutions remained strong and contributed to high single-digit organic revenue growth in commercial HVAC Americas. The residential HVAC markets also remained strong, and our residential HVAC team delivered bookings growth over 30%. Revenues were up mid- to high teens in the quarter, adding to growth of more than 20% in the fourth quarter of 2020. Sell-through across our channels was also strong, up high teens. 
With full year organic bookings up over 70% and full year organic revenues up over 30%, our Americas transport refrigeration business significantly outperformed the North America transport markets. During the fourth quarter, we extended our 2022 order book through the third quarter of 2022, which contributed to bookings growth of more than 40%. We continue to thoughtfully manage our 2022 order book in order to mitigate inflationary risks. Fourth quarter organic revenue growth was consistent with full year growth, up 30%.
Turning to EMEA, we continue to see strong demand for our innovative products and services that help reduce energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions for our customers. Our EMEA teams delivered 13% organic bookings growth in the quarter with strong growth in both commercial HVAC and transport refrigeration. With full year organic bookings up over 40% and full year organic revenues up over 20%, our EMEA transport refrigeration business significantly outperformed the markets in 2021. During the quarter, EMEA transport refrigeration bookings and revenues were both up high teens.
Our Asia Pacific team delivered strong bookings growth of 18% and revenue growth of 4%, supported by broad-based growth in China and across the region. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #11. Commercial HVAC Americas has significantly outperformed the broader markets over a number of years through relentless innovation for our customers. Our unwavering focus on solving our customers' most complex problems, compounded by the strength in underlying market conditions, powered the business forward in 2021 and yielded record backlog entering 2022. End markets continue to improve with a multitude of economic indicators pointing to growth in 2022. GDP forecast remains strong, unemployment is low, and indicators like Architectural Billing Index, which has been over 50 since February, remained largely favorable. Demand remained strong in data center, warehouse, education and health care. We're benefiting from increased demand across our K-12 customers with federal stimulus funds supporting both current and future growth. We see this as a multiyear tailwind for our business given our strong position in the education market and our direct sales force with deep relationships in this vertical.
Demand for our residential products was unprecedented in 2021, contributing to record revenue. Looking at 2022, we see tailwinds from record backlog entering the year and expect strong price realization, and we see headwinds from lapping tough growth compares from 2021. I'm proud of our residential team that has continued to meet customer demand while ramping capacity after a February weather event in our Texas facility. The team remains on track for capacity expansion in advance of the 2022 cooling season. 
Turning to Americas transport. We significantly outgrew strong end markets in 2021, as we outlined earlier. ACT continues to project continued market growth through their forecast horizon of 2023. I'll talk more about the transport outlook in our Topics of Interest section. 
Turning to EMEA. While we have muted expectations for market growth, demand for our sustainability-focused systems and services remained strong, and we continue to see good opportunities for market outgrowth. Our transport refrigeration business significantly outgrew end markets, delivering over 20% full year revenue growth as compared to 13% market growth in the region. 
Turning to Asia. We expect growth in China in 2022, supported by strength in data center, electronics, pharmaceutical and health care. Outside of China, the picture is mixed with COVID-related partial lockdowns still impacting market expansion in some countries. Our direct sales force model is differentiated in the region and provides good opportunities for market outgrowth in equipment and services. 
Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris to outline our guidance for 2022. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #18. I'd like to spend a couple of minutes providing an update on the transport refrigeration markets. Both Americas and EMEA had robust market growth in 2021, and our Thermo King businesses thrived. We pushed through macro challenges and significantly outgrew the markets in both regions. 
On the left side of the slide, you can see that the North America trailer truck and APU markets, combined, grew 19%, while Thermo King Americas grew more than 30%. In EMEA, market growth for trailer and truck, combined, was 17%, while Thermo King EMEA also grew more than 30%. 
On the right side of the slide in the highlighted box, you can see that the total weighted average market growth for the Americas and EMEA transport refrigeration markets in 2021 was 15% and 13%, respectively. Thermo King growth for the Americas and EMEA was more than 30% and more than 20%, respectively. We're extremely pleased with the tremendous market outgrowth each of these businesses delivered in 2021. Market projections for 2023 call for continued growth in both regions with particular strength continuing in North America. 
There's one other important dynamic I'd like to highlight while we're discussing transport refrigeration and moving into 2022. Our teams delivered tremendous booking growth in both regions in 2021, as we discussed on Slide 8. Our bookings growth was more than twice our revenue growth, even as our revenue growth far exceeded the growth of our end markets, resulting in record backlogs. Net, we expect this dynamic to result in bookings declines during the year as we work through backlog extending well into 2022 and go up against tough compares every quarter. We'll highlight these dynamics with our earnings calls for transparency as we move through 2022. 
Please go to Slide #19. We added a second transport refrigeration slide to the deck last quarter to add more color around the North America trailer market from both backward- and forward-looking perspectives. We're not going to spend a lot of time on it today, but we think it's a helpful reference slide for additional transparency. ACT continues to call for a 9-year average for North America trailers in the mid-40,000-unit range through 2023 with the pandemic in 2020 being the only significant outlier. 
Please go to Slide #20. Energy efficiency, decarbonization and sustainability megatrends are only growing stronger. We are uniquely positioned to deliver leading innovation that addresses these trends and accelerates the world's progress, supported by our business transformation and our engaging uplifting culture. Despite a number of persistent macro challenges, 2021 was a record year for us with top quartile EPS growth accompanied by strong free cash flow and balanced capital deployment.
We're seeing unprecedented levels of demand for our products and services, and our backlog has never been stronger. We're executing our business operating system well and expect to continue to successfully navigate macro challenges with a customer-first mindset. We believe we have the fundamental ingredients to deliver strong performance across the board in 2022 and beyond and to continue to drive differentiated shareholder returns over the long term.
And now we'd be happy to take your questions. Operator?

Yes. Andy, the only thing I would add is that in our plants right now with the supply chain constraints, and I could talk more about that after, it's very, very disruptive, okay? So if you were a plant manager, ever had the opportunity to be a plant manager, anyone on the line, you'd know what I was talking about. We're constantly having to reschedule, rebalance lines. We're pulling line-side inventory and replacing it with other line-side inventory, rescheduling employees. So this is a plant manager's kind of nightmare. And good thing is we have great plant managers, and we're working through it, but it is disruptive. It's been disruptive for some time now. And as Chris said, we anticipate this disruption to continue certainly through the first quarter and the first half.

Yes. Great question, Andy. We do see our resi business, over time, being a GDP-plus business, and I'd just remind everyone that our resi business is about 20% of our total business. And we did -- we had a very strong fourth quarter. I mean, revenue in the fourth quarter for our resi business was up 17%, and our bookings were up over 30%. So the resi business is performing well. Really proud of what that team has been able to do, ramping up the facility in Tyler, Texas after a freak weather event. And just the customer mindset there and the ability for them to ramp up and serve the customers, some of the best I've seen in our company.
As far as the resi markets go, you're going to see -- we'll see growth in new construction, which is a smaller portion of our business. And we don't expect the replacement market, which is the larger part of our business, to fall off a cliff. So our resi business will be up against tough comps, as you said, all year. With that said, we have a strong backlog, market-leading brands, and we'll see strong price all year.

Yes. Julian, this is Dave. Look, our commercial business performed very well in the Americas all year in 2021 with broad-based strength in Q4 across unitary, applied and service. All of them were up over 20%, so the team is seeing tremendous demand. 
As far as the end markets go, you have low unemployment. You have strong underlying GDP growth. ABI has been positive for the last 11 months, which are above 50, which means positive. And again, that's a 6- to 9-month lag on that metric. So that's a good foreshadowing as to what to expect in the future. We have particularly strong strength in the data centers vertical, warehousing, health care, education. We're starting to see nice growth in the office vertical. Indoor air quality and decarbonization of the built environment will continue to be tailwinds for us, so we'll have a strong year in our commercial HVAC business. And we have some nice tailwinds behind us, and that business will continue to execute. 
Our constraint there will not be the markets. It will be back to the supply chain. And specifically in the first half, as we're starting to get some visibility into the second half, some of those supply constraints, specifically around electronic components, will start to ease.

Yes. Good question, Josh. I mean, first of all, I'll start with IAQ, right? IAQ, indoor air quality, we continue to see a tailwind from that. We had a very good year in 2021. We expect to have another good year in 2022. Still getting a lot of demand out there for indoor air quality audits, as well as what we call day 2 activity, which is helping our customers build out the infrastructure for long-term improvements with an energy consumption in line of sight there.
As far as decarbonization of the built environment, as we call it, we're in the very, very early innings. And the intention there is growing every day. We've talked a lot about what we're doing in Europe there with the electrification of heating. And that is, again, just to remind everyone, it's really not just a heat pump. It's a system that's combining a chiller and a boiler plant together into one system. That is -- we're not only seeing great traction in Europe there, we're also seeing that in the Americas. So those are in the early innings. And we track activity for both indoor air quality as well as on decarbonization pretty closely. It's getting harder to blend the 2 together, so those are going to continue. 
And then you have the core business that kind of is going to follow what we would say the more traditional, right? We obviously look at what's happening with new construction, and Dodge is still actively forecasting pretty robust demand in 2022. So that's a good sign. And as I said earlier, Architectural Billing Index is probably one of the -- has probably some of the highest correlation of what the future is going to be for our commercial HVAC business, and that's been over 50 now for 11 months. So that bodes well for the future as well.

Jeff, did you survive the storm up in Connecticut?

Unfortunately, we had to use some 4-wheelers here in Charlotte, too. So...

Yes. It's a good question, for sure. And first of all, let me start with the order rates, okay? So for many of our products, we do have extended lead times right now. So we do have order -- customers that are ordering early by definition. I would also tell you that we're working very closely with our customers, and they want to give us as much visibility as possible. 
So there's certainly -- they understand what's happening with supply chain. So they're asking us to make sure that we get spots secured for them in the future. So I would say we are getting orders in earlier. You see that in our robust bookings numbers. I wouldn't get overly concerned with it. It's not like we're pulling in orders from 1.5 years out, okay? We're talking a few months here.
As far as pricing is concerned in the backlog, at the end of the day, you really have to go through it by business. And in our resi business, for example, we repriced the backlog. So if we have a price increase, we'll reprice the backlog. In our commercial business, some of our orders actually have price elasticity built into those based on certain indices. So depending on when it's going to ship, we'll actually be -- it will be at a higher price, vis-à-vis, if it's shipped today. And that's normal, and we've been doing that for a long time. 
So the days of, "There's going to be a price increase, let me double-order or order as much as I can to get in front of it." I think we've -- I mean, that certainly happens a little bit. A lot of that behavior has been changed.

Yes. I do -- as far as the prebuy for the regulation change and efficiency change in 2022, there could be some of that activity. We don't see it to be anything alarming. It would obviously -- we'll update everyone as we see that starting to unfold as the year goes forward. As far as the end markets go in resi, 2021 was a very robust year. Fourth quarter was very strong for us, so I'm very encouraged with order rates up over 30% in the fourth quarter.
Residential new construction, as I said earlier, it will be positive, right? I mean, there's a lot of metrics out around that. So that will probably be in the low single digits positive, although that's a small percentage of our business, about 20%. The replacement market, about 80% of our business, we don't see it falling off a cliff, okay? Could unit volume be down a point or 2? Sure, but I also would tell you that we're going to see strong price all year in resi.

Yes. It's a great question. Again, it's a smaller part of our business, only about 20%. And we certainly talk to many of the homebuilders, many of the large homebuilders. And what you just described, they're very interested in. We'll see if they act on that. But they're very interested conceptually on being able to have a greener home, for lack of better terms, and being able to sell that to their customer. Because we're so small, I'd be hard to -- where we're selling, we sell some high SEER into that market, but it'd be interesting to see some of the larger players actually act on what they talk a lot about.

Yes. I mean, at the end of the day, we think the integrity of our backlog is quite strong, okay? And let me tell you why. In our resi business with our independent wholesale distributors, technically, they can't cancel orders. So we don't see that backlog going away. We do see a small amount of maybe double ordering from dealers, but it's insignificant in respect to a $5.4 billion backlog.
In commercial HVAC, we're dealing with complex systems and highly engineered products and working closely with engineers and architects and end customers. And you see a job site delay, but you're not going to see duplicate orders. And in Thermo King, we're working closely with our customers, and we're matching their demand with other OEMs, whether it be on the trailer side or the tractor side. And we're -- all of us are working together to make sure that we could combine the solution for the customer, and everything gets through at the same time. So we don't see those orders being canceled as well. So overall, we think the backlog is strong. 
As far as your question about demanding more money upfront, we're not doing that in the -- certainly in the Americas or in EMEA. That has always been a practice in parts of Asia, which we do. But we're not going out and demanding cash from our customers because of the incredible amount of demand that we're seeing. We don't -- that's not what Trane Technologies is about. We want to solve our customers' most complex problems and work with them, and that's what we'll continue to do in the future.

Congratulations. I hear retirement is in your future. Congratulations, and thanks for all your great coverage of Trane Technologies/Ingersoll Rand through the years. We certainly appreciate it, and we'll miss you.

We'll get you some fishing rods, okay?

Yes. Joe, it's a great question, and it really has to do with ensuring that you're continuously investing in innovation for the long term. And you heard Chris talk a little about it. Even though we know the first half of this year is going to be tough, right, we're going to struggle through supply chain constraints. We got a mirror image hitting us with inflation. We'll have strong price, but we'll have some carryover strong price as well. So we know the first half will be tough. 
What we're not going to do in the first half is we're not going to cut our investments because we know that's about our long term. And really where we see this is the whole decarbonization of what's happening and our products about making this world a better place for next generations, that's our purpose. That's what we're committed to, and you're going to continue to see that from Trane Technologies.
I had a call the other day with some ESG investors, and they asked me what I was most proud of for ESG for Trane Technologies. I thought about it for a minute, caught me a little bit off-guard, and I was like, "I'm proud of the fact that Trane Technologies was green before it was cool to be green." And we've been working at this for a long time. Since 2013, we had our first set of Science Based Targets. We now have our second set of Science Based Targets. And we are committed to making a difference, and we're going to do that through our innovation. We're challenging what's possible, and it's going to be a tremendous upside for Trane Technologies over the long term.

Yes. Electrification is a big part of our strategy there, Joel. So you're again -- once again, you're on top of your game there. So yes, we're -- we have -- in fact, we have a couple -- or a unit that's going up and down the highways. If you're in California, you may see it. That is a trailer unit that is 100% electric, and so we have a lot of really neat innovation we're working on there. Our customers are loving it. The data that we've been able to extract from the unit that's going up and down the highway is tremendous for our engineers to continue to develop and -- anyway, it's -- think about EV vehicles, think about Thermo King as, once again, staying ahead of the market there with electrification of our products. We have some really neat products that we came out with about, I guess, it was 18 months ago now in the home delivery. And we're getting a lot of traction, a lot of tractions around the globe with those products.

Yes. The only thing I would add, Pat, this is Dave, is our service business performed very well all year in 2021. And in the fourth quarter, order rates for services were up over 20%. And I don't expect it to grow at 20%, but we've seen very, very nice growth for our service business, really not just in commercial HVAC but in our commercial HVAC on a global basis, nice service growth. And a lot of that is on intelligent services as well, and this would be with our connected solutions. And so that side of the business is growing very nicely for us.

Yes. I don't -- just to be clear, right, the first half that was constraining growth in the first half isn't the end markets, it's the supply chain. And specifically, it's components within the supply chain, which is really around electronics. So it's not end markets. As you see through the fourth quarter, our end markets continued to accelerate, so -- which is a good sign. I wouldn't think of it as -- as Chris outlined, we got some tough comps in the first quarter. The first half got inflation rolling over. We have price rolling over, but we also have some tough compares against price. But we will have a choppy supply chain at least through the first half of the year. We see some light at the -- through the clouds there as we head into the second half of the year.

Again, unfortunately, it affects most industrial companies.

Yes. We said early last year that we thought revenue would be in the 1% to 2% tailwind from IAQ. It's actually -- it's -- it will be a little bit north of 2% actually, so the year ended up very well for our indoor air quality solutions. And remember, indoor air quality is not new to Trane Technologies. We've been in it for quite some time. But we have launched several new initiatives there, especially on the audit side and what we call day 1, day 2. 
We're going to continue to see tailwinds from indoor air quality. I wouldn't expect 2% to compound every year, but we do expect to see nice tailwinds from indoor air quality, and we're seeing our backlog continues to grow. I would tell you that it's probably harder to count because these indoor air quality solutions are becoming embedded into our equipment. So think of it as like a unit controller in a unitary piece of equipment, right? Indoor air quality is just becoming part of the systems.
But with that said, we continue to push the envelope there. We've got some great innovation in the pipeline, really cool things we're doing with our transit bus business in Thermo King. And we're still making a lot of traction with dry hydrogen peroxide as well as some of our photocatalytic solutions.

Yes. I don't know if I can get that specific, but I would tell you that we have a dedicated tiger team that works on this, so we know where -- how the funding is flowing. And there's a lot of restrictions as you dig into the detail, and you may know this, you may not. But some of the stimulus funds have to be going to the education side versus the infrastructure side. But we're working with our customers. We're helping them navigate that -- those dynamics that exist there. And absolutely, we are seeing the funding going all the way through to the local school districts and there -- we're there with our customers on day 1, helping them on what they could do, 'day 2, actually helping them deploy capital on what they should be doing over the long term.

Yes. I mean, it's certainly going to be the case within our Thermo King business, okay? If you think about it, I mean, our bookings rate last year was twice our order rate, right? So bookings up over 70%, that's not going to continue. And that will -- we have a very strong backlog there, John, so that will burn during the year. So don't be surprised if you see a quarter or 2 of negative bookings within Thermo King, but you really need to combine incoming order rates with backlog and really be looking at what the output is to revenue.

And we'll have tough comps in resi, too, okay, just so you're aware. 
Just on the backlog, I just want to make sure everyone is clear. Our backlog will be $5.4 billion it was at the end of the year. If you look at that as a percentage of our midpoint revenue guide, it's like 35%. And in a normal year, your backlog would be like 20%. So I mean, we have a very, very, very strong backlog for the year.

Yes. I mean, our M&A pipeline is robust, and we look at a lot of opportunities, as you would imagine, being a major HVAC player in the industry. So we always have a full pipeline that we evaluate.

Gautam, it's a great question, and I would tell you that it's very, very early innings there. But obviously, there's a lot of questions. We're getting calls from customers and asking how we could help them decarbonize their built environment. And one of the things we did, Gautam, that was maybe a little bit different than some is we actually went out and practiced on ourselves first. So part of our commitments is to reduce our own greenhouse gas, so we're implementing best practices in many of our facilities as well so that we could take customers there and show them what we've done. But you're certainly on to the decarbonization-as-a-service type environment that is getting some traction. I would tell you it's very early innings, but it's getting traction.

Yes. It's a fair question. I think we'll be able to write that chapter probably in the coming years here. But I would tell you that whenever we've had products and services that have high efficiency, the complex problems to solve for our customers, we tend to do very well.

Yes. I mean, we did not, okay, so you didn't miss anything. But obviously, we did have some revenue that pushed out from Q4 into future periods. It's probably in the same realm that we saw going from Q3 to Q4 in that $150 million range. One thing that's different there, in the fourth quarter, we had visibility working with our suppliers that we would recoup about half of that in the fourth -- in the quarter, it will be in the fourth quarter, which we did. We do not have that same visibility as we enter Q1. So obviously, we're not including that in our guide.

That's correct. That's correct. Obviously, the backlog will churn, and it will be within the year, for sure, but not in the first quarter.

Yes, yes. Electronic components is still the biggest concern we have. There have been some areas of supply chain that have improved, as I said earlier, but electronic components has got still -- we still have some significant choppiness there.

This is Dave. I was out at one of our factories in the Midwest, and they were showing me examples where they literally had 4 old pieces of equipment, and they took them out of service. These were old pieces of equipment that the old -- our prior mindset would have been the asset's fully depreciated. I only run it 40% of the time. I don't need the space. We take those out, we put in a new piece of equipment, dramatically reduce the energy load in the facility. 
In many cases, you're able to increase throughput with the newer machine, with newer technology. And it's just a great program that they're working through as are many of our factories around the world. So it's sort of what we're talking about all the time is don't wait for new -- you don't need to wait for new technology. Deploy what's available today, and you're going to get significant benefit. And it's the same -- what we say is what we do.