Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Slide #5. We delivered robust organic bookings growth of 31% in the first quarter, with growth across all segments and business units. We also delivered strong revenue growth in each segment. Our Americas segment delivered growth in both bookings and revenue, up 36% and 9%, respectively. 
Our Americas Commercial HVAC business has remained resilient since the start of the pandemic, delivering strong Q1 bookings growth of low single digits in the quarter. We're especially pleased with this performance relative to the mid-teens' growth comp in the first quarter of 2020, making the 2-year growth stack for Americas Commercial HVAC high teens.
Revenues were flat in the quarter, which also represents strong performance relative to the growth in the first quarter of 2020, making the 2-year stack-up mid-single digits. Services were up low-single digits.
The Residential HVAC markets remain robust and our Residential HVAC team delivered strong revenue growth, well in excess of 30% in the quarter, as they once again grew market share. We entered the quarter with a strong backlog and exited the quarter with an even stronger backlog, putting us in a strong position entering Q2.
Our Americas Transport Refrigeration business outperformed the North America truck and trailer markets in the quarter, delivering strong revenue growth, up mid-teens, and exceptional bookings growth in the quarter.
Turning to EMEA, our teams delivered 18% bookings growth in the quarter with strong growth in both Commercial HVAC and Transport Refrigeration. Revenues were also strong, up 12%. EMEA Commercial HVAC bookings were up high single digits and revenues were up mid-teens, once again outperforming the market. We continue to see strong demand for our products and services that help reduce the energy intensity and greenhouse gas emissions of buildings. EMEA Transport bookings were up over 20% in the quarter and revenues were up high single digits outperforming the broader Transport markets.
Our Asia Pacific team delivered bookings growth of 14% and revenue growth of 34% in the quarter, lapping a soft Q1 2020 that was heavily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. China continues to outperform the rest of Asia where a number of economies are still struggling with the impacts of the pandemic and low vaccination rates. 
Now I'd like to turn the call over to Chris to discuss our operating performance and margins. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide #8. Commercial HVAC Americas has significantly outperformed the broader markets since the beginning of the pandemic, through strong focus, agility, and execution, combined with relentless innovation across products and services to our customers.
Demand remains high for comprehensive indoor air quality solutions and we continue to see indoor air quality as a long-term tailwind for our business. End markets are mixed with continued strong data center and warehouse demand. The pipeline for our education end market is also strong.
To date we've engaged with many of our K-12 customers to perform indoor air quality assessments in anticipation of the time when federal stimulus funds will be made available. At this point the full impact and timing of the stimulus remains to be determined. But it's clearly a multiyear tailwind for our business given our strong presence in the education markets and our direct sales force with deep relationships in this vertical.
End market indicators are improving with ABI over 50 in both February and March, both positives for the road ahead. In summary, though our visibility into some end market verticals remain somewhat limited due to continued uncertainty related to the pandemic, we continue to see solid prospects for continued underlying market improvements in the second half of 2021, given positive progress and trends related to increased vaccination rates.
Turning to Residential. We saw record first quarter bookings and revenue, which puts us in a strong backlog position entering the second quarter. Overall, we expect a strong first half and a challenging second half with tough comps in the back half of the year, given record bookings and revenue in the second half of 2020. 
Turning to Americas Transport. We're expecting continued strong growth for the balance of 2021 as markets continue to improve. Orders were very strong in the quarter with many customers placing orders for the year. All in, we expect 26% weighted average market growth for the year, reiterating our prior outlook. 
Turning to EMEA. The recovery continues to be country-dependent with some countries in additional rounds of lockdowns. It's early to call the recovery broadly in Europe, but we expect continued improvement in 2021 with increased vaccination rates in the region. 
Transport markets, in particular, are expecting approximately 8% market growth given the current rate of economic improvement, reiterating our prior outlook. 
Turning to Asia. We expect continued growth in China in 2021. However, the rest of Asia has been slow to coronavirus and vaccination rates remain low. Overall, we see a mixed picture for Asia in 2021. 
Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris to update you on our guidance for 2021. Chris?

Thanks, Chris. Please go to Slide #14. We've covered the main points of our guidance earlier in the presentation. So I won't spend a lot of additional time on it now. The objective of this slide is to lay out how to think about organic growth and leverage and the impact of the acquisitions. It also provides some helpful modeling guidance elements outlined on the bottom of this slide. 
The key takeaways are that we're expecting strong organic growth, leverage, and EPS, and M&A adds additional revenues and modest EPS accretion in 2021. 
Please go to Slide #15. We want to provide an update on transport markets as we know this is a topic of interest for investors and analysts. The net takeaway is that our outlook for 2021 is largely unchanged from our prior outlook, where we highlighted that we expect to see approximately 26% weighted average market growth for Transport Americas and approximately 8% weighted average market growth for Transport EMEA. While ACT has raised their outlook slightly on North America trailers, about 1%, from 39% growth to 40% growth, they've modestly lowered their outlook for truck, which nets out to be a wash on total growth. 
EMEA is in a similar boat with IHS lowering their 2021 forecast slightly, but not enough to shift our view. In total, we've seen very strong demand through the first quarter in both Transport markets. And we think that ACT and IHS have called the market about right for 2021, which means Transport globally, should have a very strong year for us. This is consistent with our prior 2021 view, but I'd say, we have greater confidence after our first quarter performance and our growing backlog. The other element I wanted to highlight for Transport North America is that act has increased their trailer forecast for FY 2022 to 51,100 units, which represents an increase of about 13% over their 2021 forecast. 
While on the subject, we are occasionally asked about the historical cyclicality in the North America trailer market. Data would suggest the patterns have changed. The North America trailer market took a step-up in 2015 and has been above 40,000 units ever since, with only one exception, 2020. 2020 saw market declines intensified by the pandemic. So I'm not sure how informative it is about the future. 
The driver logs, driver shortage, and added economic activity appears to have fundamentally shifted the market to new levels above 40,000 units, excluding economic disruption. ACT's forecast for 2023 is also at the mid-40,000-unit level. If they are correct in their forecast for 2021 through 2023, it will be 8 of 9 years where the North America trailer market has been in the mid 40,000-unit range, plus or minus 10%. 
Net, 2022 and 2023 are shaping up to be strong years as well. I'd like to now turn the call back to Mike for closing remarks. Mike?

And the other thing I would add to that, Jeff, this is Dave, is that our innovation really helps us with price realization as well. So as we have a really robust pipeline and we keep on executing on our new product launches, it's always nice to go to a customer and tell them about the value that you've created and how this solution could add to their bottom-line.

Yes, Julian, this is Dave. I'll start, and Mike and Chris can add in. If we just really go around the globe, overall, we're expecting to continue market improvements with the increased global vaccination rates in 2021, but on a global level, that is. If you look at Americas Commercial HVAC, we'll start with seeing nice demand in data centers and warehouses. And we've seen that for a while now. But I would also tell you that the education vertical is also showing strength. So we're pretty happy about that. 
Hospitality is also still weak. However, healthcare is showing some strength. So it's kind of mixed right now. But you got some leading indicators. ABI is strong, which is a good read for us in the future. 
One point I'd point out in the Americas, if you look at the incoming order rates, we run it with the Americas. So it's North America and Latin America. 
If you look at just North America, their incoming order rates were up mid-single digits, where Latin America was actually down mid-teens. So we're seeing some strength in our commercial business in the Americas. If you go to Residential, continued strong bookings, continued strong backlog going into Q2. That's going to be a story of first half or second half. First half will be very strong. Second half, we have some very tough comps that we're going to be facing there. 
But overall, we're still positive on our Residential business. I think if you look at the full year, the prevailing consensus is that, that would be up in the mid-single digits, and that's the -- we have no reason to disagree with that. Transport, I talked about, it's going to be a strong year. And the nice thing about that is, if you look out in the 2022 and 2023 forecast, that strength continues, which is a good sign. 
EMEA, it's really dependent. We still are seeing some lockdowns occurring. But we're seeing nice results there with our innovation and really around our heat pump, especially in the commercial business with our heat pump solutions that are really making a benefit to our customers. 
EMEA is another one, you got to break that down. If you look at Europe, our incoming order rates in Europe were up mid-teens. And actually, our incoming order rates in the Middle East were down mid-single digits. Asia Pacific showing strength in China for sure, data centers, electronics, pharma, healthcare, nice strength there. The rest of Asia has been slow, right? And we're hopeful that vaccine -- can start to pick up their vaccine distribution rates and then it could bounce back. 
But if you look at the first quarter, incoming order rates for the rest of Asia were actually down in the mid-single-digit range. So a lot of strength there in China. So hopefully, that helps you with seeing how -- what we're seeing for the outlook.

Yes. We continue to see strength in our Service business. It was up low single digits. Attachment rates, very high on the Applied Systems side. Indoor air quality, continue to see tailwinds there. The neat thing about indoor air quality is not only are we seeing indoor air quality audits being conducted with -- in the education vertical, we're also seeing an uptick in the office. As vaccines are being distributed and people are thinking about getting back to the office, we're seeing a nice uptick in our office inquiries and actually the activity. 
As far as your question about like indoor air quality, and energy efficiency, and buildings, I think you're aware, we do a very comprehensive audit. We have the day 1, which is let's make sure the building is as safe as possible today. Day 2, what's the long-term infrastructure improvements that you could make to not only make your building healthier but also to reduce the energy intensity of your building. And we're seeing a lot of traction with those audits, and we're starting to see the day 2 activity come through, especially that, combined with some of the stimulus funding that's starting to flow in the education vertical.

It was strong in Q1.

Yes. I mean, for sure, the trailer demand in North America, as I said earlier, I think there's a new tipping point there. It's 40,000 units, 8 out of the last 9 years. So this is no longer a business that's going to dip down, at least in North America into the 20s range. Thermo King is a very diverse business right now. So we're very happy with the growth rates we're seeing in trailer, not only in the Americas, but also in Europe. 
But because of our diversification, we're seeing growth in other areas as well, especially on the electric side with home delivery. We're very excited about some of the new products we've been able to develop there that are in the market today, and more to come. 
And we're also -- this whole refrigerated container solution and really helping with the vaccine distribution and storage capability. And as vaccines now, supply is starting to outpace demand, these vaccines, especially the mRNA ones, need a place to be stored. And we have solutions for that on a global basis. And we're certainly helping out in areas like India, working with the World Health Organization to make sure that they have the products that are required to make sure that they can get as many people as vaccinated as possible.

I mean the only thing I would add, Andy, is just it's -- as Mike said, today, 95% of buildings operate with 2 silos, right? The cooling side, the chiller plant and the heating side, the boiler plant. But by combining them, you're really able to have an impact on efficiency. A conventional system has a, what we call a total energy ratio of 2, meaning that every unit of energy goes in, you have 2 coming out. When you're able to combine these 2 with our heat pump technology and our sophisticated controls, and I won't go into the detail for competitive reasons, but we're able to get total energy ratios of like 8. I mean, so that's 4x conventional systems.
So the value prop to our customers is very, very accretive for them and the value to the environment, these are very, very green solutions. So this is -- this is going to -- this is big market today for us in Europe. And it's expanding very quickly.

Yes. John, I'll start on the supply chain. I would tell you that we have a pretty robust process managing our supply chain. We have very detailed road maps we developed early on during the pandemic, and we continue to execute to those. So I won't say it's easy because it's not. But I would tell you, our teams are doing a great job of managing through any kind of constraints to make sure that we have the proper component so that we could manufacture our products and meet our customers' demand.
So as far as the labor, I think it was your second one. Again, yes, it's tight, but we're managing through it and we have some great processes in place that allow us to do that.

No, I totally agree. And that's why I made the comment earlier about office vertical. We're now starting to see a lot of activity there, where 6, 9 months ago, we weren't seeing a lot of indoor air quality audits there. But as people now are realizing that, hopefully, we could all get back to the office relatively soon, they need to start thinking about reopening. So that's driving a lot of demand there.

Yes, I'll start. I mean we had a very strong quarter, obviously, for Res. And I would tell you that, not to talk too much about Q2, but that April was another strong month as we thought it would be. I don't believe that it's taking out of the future. I think people are working from home. They realize that being in a comfortable environment is important. We're seeing an uptick in the SEERs that we're selling. So people are going for the higher SEER product. I don't -- we don't see that really, really pulling ahead, if that's where your question is, demand from '22 and '23.

Yes. And just to clarify, too, you got to look at them in years, right? You can't really look at first half last year because it was really low and then the second half last year was really strong. In totality, low single digits to mid-single digits is kind of the range that it's been in. So the swings happened really by the quarters which were driven by the pandemic.

Yes. This is Dave. I'll start. I think most of you know our Resi business, think of it as 50-50, 50 were directs, 50 we sell through the independent wholesale distributor channel. On the IWD side, we saw -- the sell-through was strong, okay, in the 20s. So we saw some strength there. Obviously, the sell-in was stronger than that as they filled some of their barns and their inventory. 
We're not seeing a significant build in their inventory levels from the visibility that we have. We have some pretty good visibility there. So it was just a solid quarter for our Resi business. Our teams performed well. They executed to customer demands, and we fulfilled and hopefully made a lot of homes more comfortable.