Thank you, Tony. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining our second quarter earnings call. It's a thrilling time for both the semiconductor industry and for Intel. We're seeing unprecedented demand as the digitization of everything is accelerated by the superpowers of AI, pervasive connectivity, cloud-to-edge infrastructure and, increasingly, ubiquitous compute. Our breadth and depth of software, silicon and platforms and packaging and process, combined with our at-scale manufacturing, uniquely positions Intel to capitalize on this vast growth opportunity. 
Our Q2 results, which exceeded our top and bottom line expectations, reflect the strength of the industry, the demand for our products as well as the superb execution of our factory network. As I've said before, we are only in the early innings of what is likely to be a decade of sustained growth across the industry. Our momentum is building as we once again beat expectations and raised our full year revenue and EPS guidance. 
Since laying out our IDM 2.0 strategy in March, we feel increasingly confident that we're moving the company forward toward our goal of delivering leadership products in every category in which we compete. While we have work to do, we are making strides to renew our execution machine. 7-nanometer is progressing very well. We've launched new innovative products, established Intel foundry services and made operational and organizational changes to lay the foundation needed to win in the next phase of our company's great history. Here at Intel, we're proud of our past, pragmatic about the work ahead but, most importantly, confident in our future. 
Now let me share some more detail on what we are seeing in the market. As compute is becoming more ubiquitous, we're seeing sustained strength in client demand. The ecosystem is back to shipping over 1 million PC units a day despite grappling with component shortages. I expect PC TAM growth will continue in 2022 and beyond driven by 3 factors. 
First, PC density or PCs per household is increasing as COVID has irreversibly changed the way we work, learn, connect and care for each other. For example, even as we emerge from COVID, we're seeing many companies opt for hybrid work models versus full return to the office. Second, replacement cycles are shortening on the larger and aging installed base. The shift to notebooks, the deployment of new operating systems and new better experiences, such as our Evo platform, will continue to drive refresh on the 400 million PCs over 4 years old that are running Windows 10. Finally, new markets and users are adopting the PC as the device of choice, and penetration rates are increasing as worldwide GDP growth makes the PC more affordable to more people. In areas like education, we see huge potential as the number of PCs per 100 students and teachers remains in the single digits. These trends underpin my belief that we are still in the early stages of a sustainable cycle of PC growth, and our OEM and channel partners have resoundingly affirmed this perspective. 
Beyond client, we are seeing near-term recovery across traditional data center market as well as explosive long-term demand from the cloud to the intelligent edge. Our digital society is creating data at an unspeakable pace, and AI is the key to unlocking the value from this data and turning it into information. As the appetite for meaningful data grows and the cost of compute falls, AI workloads are proliferating into more areas. And as a result, we expect the AI market to grow at more than 20% a year. This is why we are infusing AI across everything we do. 
Similar revolutions are occurring in the areas of connectivity where the data center will be transformed by silicon photonics and 5G, which is hitting its stride with open RAN, and in autonomous driving, all markets in which we have substantial leadership positions. 
On the other side of the equation, the strong demand environment continues to stress the supply chain. While I expect the shortages to bottom out in the second half, it will take another 1 to 2 years before the industry is able to completely catch up with demand. IDM 2.0, which combines our internal manufacturing capacity with the use of third-party foundries, best positions us to weather these challenges and work with our ecosystem partners to build a more resilient supply chain. 
With major fab construction projects underway in Oregon, Arizona, Ireland and Israel, we are investing for the future. But we are also taking action today to find innovative ways to help mitigate industry constraints. For example, on our Q1 call, I talked about using our internal assembly test network to help with portions of the substrate manufacturing process, a benefit uniquely enabled by our IDM 2.0 strategy. I am pleased to say that this effort is now online and is significantly accelerating the availability of millions of substrates for our products. 
We are also working to build the EUV ecosystem, which require significant support around the equipment, including photoresist, mass generation and metrology. A great example is IMS Nanofabrication, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Intel. Using a novel multi-beam technology, IMS provides the large majority of EUV mask writing tools to the industry, and we plan to accelerate investments to advance this pivotal ecosystem capability. 
In the second quarter, we continued to see Intel Foundry Services build momentum. We are now engaged with more than 100 potential customers on the basis of our 3 key value propositions. 
First, IFS will have the widest offering of IP ranging from x86 to ARM to RISC-V, which allows our customers the flexibility to design products using our IP catalog as well as their own. Second, we will offer our customers comprehensive access to a range of mature and leading-edge process and packaging capabilities. I am pleased to announce we recently signed our first major cloud customer to use IFS packaging solutions. I'll have even more news to share on IFS customer momentum on Monday. Third, IFS will offer scale manufacturing that gives our customers confidence we can meet their demand. 
As part of that, we are committed to creating a more robust, geographically-balanced and secure supply chain. Along with our $20 billion fab investment in Arizona and $3.5 billion advanced packaging investment in New Mexico, we plan to build additional capacity to support both internal and IFS growth. The U.S. Innovation and Competition Act is a tremendous step forward to catalyze investments in manufacturing here in the U.S. and will serve as a tailwind to our IFS efforts. After my recent visit to Europe, we are seeing similar enthusiasm from EU governments, customers and overall ecosystem. And we expect to announce our plans for our next U.S. and European sites by the end of this year. 
Moving to our continued focus on execution. As I said at the start of the call, we are pragmatic about the work in front of us but supremely confident of our future. Under IDM 2.0, our factory network continues to deliver, and we are now manufacturing more 10-nanometer wafers than 14-nanometer. As 10-nanometer volumes ramp, economics are improving, with 10-nanometer wafer cost 45% lower year-over-year, with more to come. We will talk more about our plans for process and packaging leadership in our Intel Accelerated event this Monday. I hope you will join me for the critical update. 
On our path back to unquestioned product leadership, customers continue to choose Intel. Using our broad portfolio of assets, we will continue to compete aggressively for market segment share. In Q1, we gained PC share with record notebook sales, following that with record Q2 revenue. We launched 12 new processors, and Tiger Lake is ramping even better than expected with more than 50 million units shipped to date. Finally, our future client road map remains strong, and we expect to ship several million units of Alder Lake to customers in the second half. And Meteor Lake remains on track for production in 2023. 
Beyond the CPU, we reached a major milestone with our partners at Microsoft with the announcement of Windows 11. We deepened our co-engineering efforts to enable new experiences, including running Android applications seamlessly on PCs and optimized for Intel-based platforms. 
We're gaining similar momentum through the year in the data center. Q1 was the low point in revenue for the year, and we exceeded our plan in Q2. We expect DCG to grow sequentially, achieving double-digit year-on-year growth in the second half as it accelerates through the year. 
Ice Lake is ramping broadly to customers, including Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu, Oracle and other major service providers and enterprise customers. Additionally, we continue to extend our leadership in networking by delivering a truly cloud agnostic platform using Xeon scalable processors and accelerators in partnership with Ericsson. This will allow operators like Verizon to introduce a virtualized RAN solution across all deployment scenarios, including existing footprints. 
Finally, Mobileye further solidified its position as the leading supplier of advanced driver assistance platforms. In Q2, we announced a major win with Toyota and closed 10 additional design wins for over 16 million total lifetime units. Earlier this week, we had another exciting milestone as Mobileye became the first industry player to start testing autonomous vehicles in New York City, a challenging driving environment for humans, let alone AVs. With vehicles in Israel, Germany, Detroit, Tokyo, Shanghai and coming soon to Paris, Mobileye has the largest global footprint in the AV industry, enabled by our unique REM distributed mapping technology. By year-end, we will have over 1 million vehicles providing telemetry for dynamic crowdsourced mapping, a unique and powerful advantage of Mobileye. 
At Intel, we have a saying, "We begin with sand and the rest is our people." At no other point in our history have our people and culture been more important to our success. We've recently made strategic organizational changes to further strengthen our technology leadership and accelerate our execution. We have restructured our data platform group into 2 business units: the Data Center and AI Group led by Sandra Rivera, an Intel veteran with deep knowledge of data center silicon and software; and the Network and Edge Group, which will be led by Nick McKeown, a renowned leader in the networking industry. We have also created the Accelerated Computing Systems and Graphics Group led by Raja Koduri, to increase the company's focus in key growth areas of high-performance computing and graphics. We're also highly encouraged to have Shlomit Weiss rejoin to strengthen our design engineering core. Finally, Greg Lavender, who joins as Intel CTO and GM of our Software and Advanced Technology Group, will drive a unified vision for our software strategy across Intel and ensure it remains a competitive differentiator for us. 
I have the utmost confidence in our leadership team to drive the future of Intel. Together, we will continue to sharpen our focus on execution, accelerate innovation and unleash the talent inside Intel. 
While there is more work ahead, we are moving at a torrid pace, and I look forward to providing several updates in the coming months. On Monday, I invite you to attend Intel Accelerated where we will lay out our road map to regain process performance leadership and share what comes next for our world-class packaging technologies. In October, we will hold our Intel Innovation event, a geek fest for the industry to come together and explore the technology that will drive the next decade and beyond. 
Finally, at our Investor Day on November 18, we'll pull it all together and present a compelling long-term business plan to drive sustained growth and shareholder value creation. As you can see, we have a lot planned for the rest of the year. 
But for now, I'll turn it over to George to discuss our Q2 performance and outlook.

Thanks for the question, Tim, and great to be with you all today. So first, I'd say, obviously, we can't comment specifically on the speculation that you've been hearing but feel well to say we are very happy with the build-out of the IFS business. As you say, it will include mature nodes, our 22FFL. It will also include our leading-edge nodes, as well our packaging offerings. Overall, we're just seeing great momentum over 100 customers in our pipeline, and we fully expect that this is going to be a great business for us. 
At this point, we would not say that M&A is critical but nor would we rule it out. Our view is that industry consolidation is very likely. The intense R&D, the need to move to modern and leading-edge nodes, the massive capital investments required, we just simply view that smaller players simply won't be able to keep up, and foundries without leading edge capabilities will be left behind. And we're continually seeking ways to accelerate our plans with IFS. If an acquisition can help, we will certainly not rule it out. Thank you.

Yes. And I would just say the HPC business for us, consistent with the reorg that we just announced, C.J., we just see a huge opportunity for us. As we start delivering our GPU, HPC specialized versions of the Xeon product, we see a great opportunity. The reorg brings more focus on this business. So even though there's a onetime charge in Q4, we see this as a great business for us for the long term and one that just will bring many, many technological market and business benefits. 
So George, I'll let you answer the second half.

Yes. And broadly speaking -- my comments will be a little bit specific, to start with, on the Data Center business proper. Data Center business, good, good recovery in Q2. And with that, there was some ASP decline, some of that's competitive driven. A little bit of that is mix driven but a bit more competitive. Our outlook there is that we see fairly stable pricing and market segment share in the Data Center business for the second half of the year. And that's driven by, I'll just say, we are bringing everything we got to the table to continue to win back the market and, with that, our software resources, our deep investments with our customers, the increasing strength of our product line. 
I'd also highlight that we have a very strong ramp for the Ice Lake product, which is very competitive, a clear leadership on a number of metrics, the critical ones such as AI performance. And we're also starting to see the return to growth in cloud, as you note, but stronger growth in the enterprise portion of the market. So overall, DCG, good growth second half over first half. We'll be very competitive with that business. But it's a supply-constrained environment overall, which is the similar case for the Client business. So overall, we don't see a lot of movement on ASP first half to second half in either of those businesses. It really is about supply limitations. 
And as George commented, we're not passing through all of our supply constraint, price increases that we're seeing, from our supply chain. We really see as an opportunity to be investing with our customers, rebuilding their confidence and partnership for the future. And we're feeling very good about our overall strength, momentum and competitiveness as we go into the second half.

Yes. Thanks, Joe. I'll take that one. And overall, as I said, the Data Center business, strong momentum. And we really felt Q1 as the low point, Q2 gaining momentum second half, Ice Lake ramp being very strong. And obviously, customers are now very anxious and excited about Sapphire Rapids, huge performance improvements but also a huge feature capabilities as part of that. So we did add a bit more time for the validation cycle for it. We are now deep into the validation. It's in the hands of customers with volume sampling underway, and they're quite excited about not just the performance capabilities, core count increases, but a lot of the new technologies in the area of new memory capabilities, new PCI gen 5 capabilities, many of the new features that we brought in here for AI performance in particular. 
So overall, it's going to be a great product, and we're expecting to see a very strong ramp of it in the first half of next year. And this, we think, will just continue to build the momentum of the Data Center business. As we've indicated, a strong second half as forecast, and we're going to build on that as we go into next year with Sapphire Rapids. And the overall road map execution is improving as we look for '23 and '24 to deliver unquestioned leadership products across everything that we do, including the Data Center.

Yes. And just to add, Vivek, we'll cover some more of this on Monday in our Intel Accelerated event. And as part of that, we'll be laying out more specifics on the road map, the process, the packaging. But I'll say -- so the core of your question was who's going to be the customers for this. We expect a broad range of customers. We're going to have a range of offerings on the menu, if you could, for modern nodes as well as leading edge nodes. We expect a range of customers across different segments of the marketplace, including some of the largest users of wafer capacity in the industry. There's a lot of excitement in the marketplace, 100-plus customers in the pipeline already, and you can expect to see great things in this area of a new and exciting business. The world needs more semiconductors. The world needs a more balanced geographic supply chain for those semiconductors. And we're finding enormous momentum and enthusiasm for that, strong support from the customers, the ecosystem as well as the governments around the world.

Yes. Thank you, Matt. And Greg will be CTO, the company's CTO. So as part of that remit will be all of our labs, advanced research capabilities. We have a pool of hundreds of PhDs doing advanced research and some of the most leading edge work is done. And as you probably know about Greg as well, he was a UT professor and was my CTO at VMware. He will also be the leader of all of our central software activities. This is a large organization. It's BIOS, drivers, compilers, all of those core things and the One API initiative, which we're now starting to see major partners come and align with us around One API. 
The third and maybe most important area under his remit will be standardizing the upper layers of the software stack for us and, in particular, the AI software offerings for us. And this is an area that we have, I'll say, not managed well. We've had too many pieces and different portions of the organization, so he will become the AI software leader at scale for us in an area that's going to be critical to standardize, deliver and just deliver some of the world-leading research that we have in the area of our software remit for our AI product offerings overall. 
Super excited to have him on the team, a world-class technologist and software leader, combining with another world-class leader like Nick McKeown, a world-class leader like Shlomit Weiss coming back on the team for our engineering. Talent flow was going out of the company. It is now coming back to the company, and we are excited about the leadership team that we are forming.

Yes, yes and yes, to your question, Harlan, right? And we're really -- the first half, second half year-over-year, you got it, right? We're seeing the growth for it. And like we said, we saw the bottom in Q1, great Q2 momentum continuing into the second half and next year. And we saw strong growth in enterprise and government, recovery in cloud, and we're seeing growth in that area. But as you say -- I'll just say, we are so well positioned on the edge and the 5G. The open RAN, VRAN initiatives in the industry are now hitting stride. And I think I've only been on 3 major service provider calls this week on exactly that topic, right, where they're really starting to look at those deployments at scale for a standardized software-driven edge environment for their 5G networks. 
And I'd also say this is a victory for innovation. Just a year ago, we were very -- just 3 years ago, there was grave geopolitical concerns around 5G and would there ever be flexibility for how that would get deployed nationally. Now everybody is aligning against the ORAN, VRAN initiatives as the way to do their 5G broad deployments. And the Intel platform sits in the center of those almost everywhere in the world. It really is a great success story for us and one that we think that we'll be harvesting for many, many years to come.

Yes. We do think it generally moderates market share movements in the industry, period. And if anything, we're able to use it as an advantage because we're able to pull some of those substrate steps. And just to be clear, we're still relying on our substrate network, but we're pulling some of the back-end processing into our own factories, which allows us to essentially get more out of the capacity that's available in the industry. And that's what's enabling us to, I'll say, continue to overachieve on the overall market share gains that we've been seeing. This has been an important factor. We do have some factored into our second half. We do hope to continue to overachieve in that area. 
And if I'd say, why did we overachieve so much in Q2, the heroes for the quarter for us were our manufacturing and operations team. They just did a superb job for us and really relying on them for the second half. And as George said, hey, if there's more opportunity for us to overachieve on the guide that we set for the second half, it's going to come at the hands of their ability to essentially create more out of nothing, find capacity in the industry, build it out. And we're doing quite well in this respect. But overall, it is a constrained environment. And as a result, we and everybody else are trying to drive our factories harder, drive yields better and be able to improve the supply chain of the industry. And we're quite excited about the enthusiasm we see in this consistent strong demand signal as the world becomes more digital, and we're going to be building our internal factories rapidly, our supply chains rapidly and working with our supply chain quite aggressively.

And I'd also just add one small point that the IFS gives us the opportunity to co-engineer with our largest customers. And this, in fact, creates a unique competitive differentiation where our IP with their IP is creating products that are very uniquely beneficial to their TCO and very co-engineered, so very sticky for both of us. And the example customer that we said, very large cloud customers, one of our IFS early customers, is an example of that kind of co-engineering that we expect that we'll be doing at scale for that portion of the marketplace pretty uniquely.

The comment on fairly stable market segment share and ASP for DCG for the second half of the year is what our expectations are. So I'd just say, I think that the substrate and the overall supply limitations keeps, I'll say, a bound on market share movements in that area of the business overall. We do think incrementally, our IDM capabilities give us a bit more capacity, and we saw market share gains, for instance, in the first half of the year in the Client business as a result of that. And we do think that gives us some ability to hopefully do a bit better than we've even guided with if it occurs. But overall, yes, your question is in the right domain, fairly stable ASPs, fairly stable market segment share in the data center in the second half of the year, which, as we've already said, has substantially improved from last year as well as from the first half of this year. 
Products are getting more competitive. Stronger products give us more ASP capabilities as they become more competitive. So overall, we're feeling like the bottom was Q1, Q2 showed that to be the case, even a bit above our expectations, and we're in a great trajectory for the second half and into next year. Thank you. 
Well, I think we'll wrap up at this point. And before we sign off, one last opportunity to say that it is an honor to be back for my dream job, to run this iconic company at this pivotal time in the history of the semiconductor industry. We're rebuilding our heritage of execution, innovation and growth. Along with the 110,000 talented, passionate Intel employees, I am just absolutely confident that the best days for this company are ahead of us. 
Thanks for the call today. And I do look forward to talking to you all at our Intel Accelerated event on Monday. Talk to you then. Thank you so much.