Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to be speaking with all of you again. In our last call, we shared our financial expectations for the year: revenue growth and $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash flow. While it's still early in the year and a lot remains to be done, we are confident enough to say that we are on track. 
Last quarter, I also talked about how the event of the last year have increased the needs for our clients to accelerate their digital transformations. This is continuing and the overall spend environment is improving, while there are some clear differences by geography and industry.
With that as a backdrop, in the first quarter, we posted revenue growth at actual rates and grew free cash flow. We can see signs of progress in a number of areas. Our results in Cloud & Cognitive Software and Global Business Services revenue show they are on an improved trajectory, including a return to growth in Consulting. IBM Z again demonstrated its value as an enduring platform. Meanwhile, we improved margins in our Global Technology Services, led by Managed Infrastructure Services.
As Jim will explain to you, all of this helped to deliver free cash flow improvement, which is a key focus area. As we move through the year, we will continue to execute on the important changes we are making to the company from the acquisitions we are making to the investments to expand our partner ecosystem, to the significant overhaul of our go-to-market model that we announced back in January to the changes we're bringing to our culture to instill more of a growth mindset.
As you know, we're also executing the separation of a Managed Infrastructure Services business, now branded Kyndryl, which is on track to be completed by the end of the year. These changes are all well underway. Though as you would expect, it will take some time to see the full benefit. I have immense confidence in our strategy around the transformative power of hybrid cloud and AI and the decisive moves we are making provide a solid foundation for us to unlock future growth.
As I've told you before, we see the hybrid cloud opportunity at $1 trillion, with less than 25% of workloads having moved to the cloud so far. We are reshaping our future as a hybrid cloud platform and AI company. For us, the case for hybrid cloud is clear. Businesses have made massive investments in their IT infrastructure and are dealing with specific constraints such as compliance, data sovereignty and latency needs in their operations. They need an environment that is not only hybrid, but a hybrid platform that is flexible, secure and built from open source innovation. This gives them a credible path to modernizing legacy systems with advanced cloud services and building cloud-native apps. This is what we have built our platform for and why we have such confidence in our strategy.
IBM's approach is platform-centric. Linux, Containers and Kubernetes are the foundation of our hybrid cloud platform, which is based on Red Hat OpenShift. We have a vast software portfolio, Cloud Paks, modernized to run cloud-native anywhere. Our GBS expertise is a key factor in driving consumption and in helping our clients accelerate their digital transformation journeys. And our systems and industry-specific public cloud provide differentiated infrastructure.
The economics of our platform are designed to drive growth across all of IBM. The platform itself contributes. But then for every dollar of platform spend, clients spend $3 to $5 in software and $6 to $8 in services. IBM together with our growing ecosystem partners are positioned to capture that value.
Let me now turn my attention to some of the progress and proof points we have seen in the past quarter as we execute on our hybrid cloud platform and AI strategy. In the last quarter, more companies chose IBM to help them realize the potential of hybrid cloud. That includes PNC Bank, Banorte and EGYPTAIR. We're also helping Siemens replatform MindSphere, their IoT software on top of Red Hat OpenShift. That makes it possible for them to deploy on both public and private clouds. We now have 3,000 clients using our hybrid cloud platform.
We are also focused on helping companies use our rich AI capabilities to drive business outcomes. In the past quarter, we have forged important partnership with companies like Palantir to simplify how businesses build and deploy AI applications across public clouds, private clouds and on-premise. As part of this collaboration, IBM and Palantir are creating a new offering called Palantir for IBM Cloud Pak for Data, allowing clients to scale AI with confidence.
In addition to Palantir, we continue to expand our AI ecosystem by building on partnerships with companies like Box, Cloudera and MongoDB. In March, the global research firm Gartner positioned IBM as a leader in 3 Gartner Magic Quadrant AI report, now making IBM a leader in 12 AI Magic Quadrants. This recognition highlights the important work we have been doing to bring new innovations from our research teams in core areas such as natural language processing, trust and automation.
To facilitate our clients' adoption of our focused hybrid cloud and AI solutions, as I said in January, we announced significant changes in our go-to-market model. We drastically simplified our sales model by adopting a single consistent segmentation in providing clients with a more technical and experiential approach and are investing in and elevating the role of our ecosystem partners to deliver more value to clients.
Finally, we have adjusted the incentive structure for our sales teams to better align our reward system with our strategy. While it will take time for these changes to yield results, we are seeing some green shoots from our transformation. We are investing in and scaling what we call presales garages to co-create with our clients a lot earlier in the sales process. We have had around 200 of our top clients experience new use cases for our solutions, and our ecosystem strategy and approach with strategic partners is already opening new areas of growth in GBS.
I want to spend a minute on innovation. We have a strong pipeline of innovation, and some of these are already differentiating our portfolio. As I said earlier, IBM Z again demonstrated its value this quarter. This is thanks to the critical innovations we bring to each new generation of IBM Z, which continue to spur renewed interest and drive client demand. In fact, z15 is now shipping the largest capacity in the platform's history.
Another innovation we recently put on the market relates to Red Hat OpenShift, the cornerstone of our hybrid cloud platform. OpenShift now includes new capabilities around security and scalability, both of which are critical to enterprise needs. Next up, our new Linux and Kubernetes-based innovations that will help businesses extend hybrid cloud to the edge, scale and secure cloud native applications and consume technologies on OpenShift as a managed service.
Let me now turn to other opportunities we are seizing that will play out over the longer term. We announced that we are embarking on a decade-long partnership with the Cleveland Clinic, who will tap into the power of AI, hybrid cloud, high-performance computing and quantum computing to accelerate the process of scientific discovery. As part of this collaboration, IBM will install the first on-premises IBM Q System One in Ohio within the United States. As you know, this is an area of incredible promise. Quantum has the potential to unlock hundreds of billions of dollars of value for our clients by the end of the decade. To seize this opportunity, we announced a road map to build a 1,000-plus cubit quantum computer by 2023. We remain excited by these developments.
You may also have seen the partnership we announced with Intel to advance next-generation logic and packaging technologies. This collaboration will be key in accelerating innovation and enhancing the competitiveness of the semiconductor industry. As we reshape our future as a hybrid cloud platform and AI company, we are continuing to use our scale, scope and trust to make an impact on important societal issues. For instance, to help tackle the climate crisis, IBM announced a Net Zero pledge by 2030. We have been transparent in that our efforts are focused on reducing actual emissions without the use of carbon assets. We also intend to use emerging technologies to remove emissions equal to our residual emissions, leveraging IBM Research to help accelerate the discovery of materials for these technologies. 
Fundamental to our business growth is fostering a culture of conscious inclusion where innovation can thrive and individuals progress. Last year, we made a commitment to be more transparent in how we report diversity and inclusion. And last week, we released our 2020 Diversity and Inclusion Report. What you will see is that we have increased our diversity representation and achieved best-in-class inclusion scores from our employees. We are leveraging our industry-leading hiring practices, skills development and advancement opportunities to continue our progress. I'm happy to expand on our ESG efforts in the Q&A. 
Before I turn it over to Jim, I will close with a comment on our future. Our objectives are clear: sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth post separation and strong cash generation. We are taking actions investing and aligning compensation to achieve this, and our first quarter results are another step in the right direction towards our future. 
Jim, over to you.

Matt, thanks for the question. Look, I think that the spend environment overall is improving, Matt. I think I can say that definitely compared to the fourth quarter. And we are talking in the fourth quarter about various pauses in buying. We didn't really see that in the first quarter. Now that said, I do have to acknowledge there are some differences by geography and industry. When you look in the underlying results, you can see the Americas were stronger. There are pockets in Asia that depends very much by country, and we can all guess which ones are doing better, which ones are doing worse. It does depend upon both COVID rates and the pauses that happened then due to business circumstances.
We do sense a bit of caution in Europe, and you can see that in the numbers. So you can sort of expect that. You can also see that there are going to be differences by industry. Those most impacted are the obvious ones, travel, tourism and all others that then get touched by those. So that's the color on what's happening. However, as I've reiterated before, we do see our clients accelerate their digital transformation. And as they accelerate their digital transformation, our hybrid cloud thesis comes to play very strongly. Multi-cloud, which is multiple public clouds as well as private come into play, all the reasons that I mentioned around sovereignty and choice come into play, and you can see that then in our Red Hat results.
So then explicitly addressing the cloud and cognitive software, we expect Red Hat to maintain itself in the mid- to high teens. That will show through in the cloud and data platform results being strong. We expect our applications, our AI applications, to remain in the single digits of growth, and we can see that. We talked about the strong demand for security in there. I do expect to see continued declines in our TPP software, but it doesn't really worry us. I mean those are things where if I look at a 2- or 3-year CAGR, we expect to see mid- to high single-digit declines. But in any given period, it can be a little bit lumpy, and we see that there. And so we expect this to carry on through this year.
Second quarter I would be somewhat optimistic, but we've got to go deliver it, Matt.

Thanks, Katy. It's pretty clear. You're a good student of what we say and publish. So let me try to unpack your question. Let me first talk about how do all these investments result in mid-single-digit revenue growth. So if you look at it, we keep saying Red Hat at mid- to high teens, leading to overall software in the mid-single digits. That will include the TPP mild decline, but the overall will be mid-single digit. That could include, I'll call it, any business-as-usual acquisitions. But the current market value, I don't see acquisitions adding a significant amount to IBM's top line. You can do the math with what we can put in, it will be well less than a point overall. We can just -- I think we can say that.
Then if I look at our go-to-market investments, whether that's technical resources, garages, client success managers or segmentation, that is not yet really paying up. You see some early signals in the 200 clients doing these things. I do expect that, that can contribute a couple of points, maybe a bit more for next year. But you'll see that inside our software and our GBS numbers. It's not additive to those. We're also investing about $1 billion in our ecosystem. That will contribute to improving GBS' growth rate to beyond the prepandemic rate. So that then takes me to GBS. Will this year come back to the pre-pandemic growth rates of 2% to 4%? But the mixture of the acquisitions and the go-to-market changes, so take them higher than that by the end of the year into next year.
Now you asked also about will internal revenue contribute to this? Okay, the internal revenue is a onetime change. So we have talked about sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth, not just for 1 year. So while it might help next year, we are not counting on that to be a contributor because that's only once. It's not every year. So hopefully, Red Hat contributing together with acquisitions, the software in the mid-single digits. GBS, with all the changes we're describing, perhaps better than mid-single digit. Systems, if I take a 2- to 3-year view, kind of flattish. But in any given year, it might increase or decrease, but not by a whole lot. It doesn't impact the top line a lot. And that's how sort of we get to the mid-single digits sustainably.
So you might get a 1-year benefit from the -- from internal going to external, but not permanent. So that's why I don't really count on that. Hopefully, that gives you an answer to your different parts of the question.

Thanks. So Toni, Watson remains critically important to us. To be absolutely clear, Watson is the brand product name for our AI capabilities. You'll see it in the market as Watson conversational agent. But you'll also see it, as for example, our security products with Watson. It is embedded inside our Cloud Pak for data and called out as Watson.
Let me give you a quick example of where we're seeing a huge amount of success. So let me take one of the large entities doing vaccine administration in the United States. When they were -- when they realized in December they could do this, they suddenly began to realize that they could get tens of millions of calls every quarter. And then how will they handle them? Staff up tens of thousands of people or perhaps deploy Watson. And so far, at one of these places, and we have deployed it a lot more than one, 5 million calls handled in the quarter with over 70% handled by Watson. You now think about extrapolating this over the year, that would make a 20 million in 4 quarters. And with the confidence building up on one program, you could imagine it going to others.
This is a lot more straightforward to do and where I think AI excels in handling issues in both improving client satisfaction because you get an instantaneous answer but also in taking cost out, and those are rare in our industry where you get both together. We see lots and lots of opportunities here. We also see a lot of Watson being embedded on how to automate data cleansing, on how to do AI operations, on dramatically improving the resilience of people's IT infrastructure.
So turning -- to net it out, Watson remains really important. AI is in the early part of its journey. Not us. Consultants have estimated $16 trillion of global productivity over the decade, maybe 5% of our way into that journey. Watson will be the tool that unlocks that for our clients, albeit in areas like IT, in data, in conversation, in call handling and in all these areas where we excel and we have a large footprint with our clients.

Thanks, Wamsi. Look, go-to-market changes, Wamsi, always have, I'll call it, a bit of a hysteresis loop. They take time to take impact. We rolled them out in the beginning of January, but then you have to -- there's a human part to this. You have to assign people to accounts. There is some level of learning. There's some level of changes. And all of that just takes months to flow through. I wish I could do it quicker, but I got to acknowledge it takes months. That's why you hear me say it will take time for us to see the benefit. 
Where will we see the benefit? We would expect to see improved productivity for our sales teams that cover our large accounts. That will result in better software growth and in better GBS growth. I do expect to see that in the second half. I expect to see even more of it going into 2022. As we're also investing in our -- what we're calling our ecosystem, to be clear, that is investments, whether it's in Schlumberger or Siemens or Palantir, just to name some from this last quarter. But before that, relationships we had with Box and Slack and Adobe and Salesforce and SAP, you expect to see all of those play out in the improved growth, both in software and in GBS. So you kind of sort of unpack those, and you see that. Now when I talk about why would I see more productivity in our top accounts, while the 200 Garage engagements that I mentioned, you expect that all of those will build pipeline oftentimes we might never have had in the past. So that is why you begin to see improved yield in the top accounts.
So I expect to see some definite. You'll see it in our numbers in the second half and then more going into next year. For the second part of the question, I'll hand it to Jim to talk a little bit about signings. Jim?

Yes. On your second part of your question, Tien-Tsin, on ecosystem, yes, we have a long pipeline. I expect this number to go into the high 10s, maybe not 100, but definitely into very many more. But let me caution though, when you say midterm, it's not multiple years. Each of these takes about 6 months to become real and then another few months to become into real revenue. So I would not expect that new ones we announced now will have an impact much before the end of the year. However, they will have a big impact at the very end of this year and into next year. So I'll sort of position it like that. But expect that we should be announcing these at a regular cadence.

Thanks. And Keith, you asked one of my favorite questions, how is GBS going to grow and how much will it grow? So when you look at the mid-single-digits, that's actually our nearer-term forecast. Our goals certainly are to make it grow even above that. If you look at the M&A component, look, I mean, M&A could contribute at most a couple of points to that growth. It's just would be -- that would be sort of the upper bound, and we won't necessarily see all of that even this year, but who knows? Because it's hard to predict how much those properties can grow once they're inside IBM as well. But you shouldn't expect more than that. But that's part of our path to make GBS grow faster even than the mid-single digits.
Now in terms of AMS, AMS is really important for a number of reasons. And it all depends on how you define it. If you define it as this is application management and maintenance of those applications that were in place 5 years ago. By definition, that will shrink because everybody expects massive productivity and they don't expect those to grow. And you kind of see that in the numbers. But why is that incumbency relevant? As you have knowledge of that application base and you now help the client on their cloud transformation journey, then what was that older application estate now becomes a brand-new application estate and you get growth because you're helping them transform it using AI, using workflows, using cloud. And so that contributes to growth, whether that shows up in consulting near term and then AMS long term, whether that shows up as global processor business services in the medium term, that's the kind of mix that goes on, but that is why AMS is critical to giving GBS its kind of fuel in order to grow. But that is why we are confident in the mid to single -- mid- to high single-digit growth in the longer term for GBS.
So Keith, thanks. But since we are well past over the hour, let me just make a couple of comments to wrap up the call. We had a good start to the year. We expect to continue our progress over the course of the year as we execute our strategy and realize benefits from the investments and actions we are taking. We will exit 2021 in a stronger position than we started the year, and I look forward to continuing this dialogue with you.