Thank you, Tony. Good afternoon, everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you for my first earnings call. I consider it an honor to be CEO of this great company. Thanks for joining today.
Intel delivered a strong Q1 that beat our January guide on both the top and bottom line, driven by exceptional demand for our products and exquisite execution by our team. We shipped a record volume of notebook CPUs. We launched new competitive Intel Core and Xeon processors. Mobileye had its best quarter ever. With tremendous industry support, we unveiled our IDM 2.0 strategy, setting a bold new course for technology leadership at Intel. The response from employees, partners and customers has been incredible. Our teams are reinvigorated, innovating and executing. It's amazing to be back at Intel, and Intel is back.
Before George takes you through the financial details of the quarter, I'll begin with the industry trends we're seeing and why Intel is well positioned to aggressively capitalize on them. Said simply, Intel is the only company with the depth and breadth of software, silicon and platforms and packaging and process with at-scale manufacturing that customers can depend on for their next-generation innovations.
There are 4 superpowers driving digital transformation: cloud, connectivity, artificial intelligence and the intelligent edge. Intel's mission, and we are uniquely positioned to do so, is to help customers harness these superpowers to improve the lives of every human on the planet.
The digitization of everything was markedly accelerated by COVID and has spurred innovation and new models of working, learning, interacting and care. Technology is increasingly central to every aspect of human existence, and semiconductors are the foundation. This is creating a cycle of explosive growth in semiconductors that will result in sustained growth for a decade or more.
The PC ecosystem, in particular, is experiencing a resurgence. This remote work and learning dynamics of COVID led to more PC shipments in 2020 than at any point since 2012, and that's continuing. 2021 is shaping up to be the largest PC market ever. In fact, we shipped more notebook CPUs in Q1 than in any other quarter in our history. Total platform unit volumes were up well over 30% in the first quarter. In many markets, 1 PC in every home is no longer enough. The number of PCs per household, what we call PC density, is increasing. We are seeing strong growth in education where, on a global basis, the number of PCs per 100 students and teachers still remains in the single digits. Every student needs a laptop, and we have a long way to go. In addition, there are over 400 million PCs running Windows 10 that are over 4 years old today, which is an enormous PC refresh opportunity.
Intel is leading this rejuvenation of the PC with marketing, user experience and purpose-built innovation at the software, silicon and platform level. We shipped Tiger Lake-H for notebooks and Rocket Lake for desktops, and customer reception has been enthusiastic. As a sign of our improving execution, we qualified Tiger Lake-H ahead of schedule in 10 nanometers, and we expect 10-nanometer unit volumes to cross over 14 nanometers in the second half of the year.
Our Intel Evo platform gives buyers the very best mobile experience, and we're deepening our ecosystem engagement with partners, including Microsoft, Google and Samsung to advance the PC experience in new, innovative ways. We see no signs of PC demand slowing and believe the industry will return to shipping more than 1 million units a day.
With over 100 million Xeon servers in the installed base, the world runs on Intel. Building on that foundation, we recently launched our most advanced high-performance data center platform optimized to power the industry's broadest range of workloads from the cloud to the network to the intelligent edge. At the heart of this is our new third-gen Intel Xeon Scalable processor codenamed Ice Lake, which offers nearly 50% gen-over-gen performance improvements across a range of workloads. We are already shipping Ice Lake to more than 30 customers, including major cloud providers, communication service providers, enterprise and HPC customers.
Another trend driving demand for more and more optimized computing performance is the infusion of artificial intelligence and machine learning into nearly every application. As the only x86 data center CPU with built-in AI acceleration, Ice Lake provides 74% gen-over-gen improvement on AI workloads. And our Habana discrete solutions address the needs of those customers with extreme AI demands in areas like training. Sometimes customers want both. For example, you see San Diego will use Intel Xeon and Habana AI accelerators to power their new Voyager supercomputer.
Mobileye set a new quarterly record. Mobileye's assisted driving technology continues to win over automakers with 8 new design wins in Q1. We have programs with 13 of the 15 top automotive OEMs. Mobileye continues to open new categories such as delivery transport with the win at Udelv and is rapidly evolving to power L4 fully autonomous robotaxis beginning next year.
We continue to have extraordinary success winning the next-generation 5G environments. A great example from this quarter is our collaboration with Google Cloud to develop solutions that help communication service providers accelerate 5G deployment across multiple network and edge locations. We're already seeing significant adoption of OneAPI and OneAPI-powered toolkits for high-performance computing, AI and data analytics. Developers and customers are embracing One API's open standards-based approach for unified programming across architectures and vendors. This includes leading cloud service providers who are embracing OneAPI at scale.
The unprecedented demand for semiconductors has stressed supply chains across the industry. We've doubled our internal wafer capacity in the last few years, but the industry is now challenged by a shortage of foundry capacity, substrates and components. We expect it will take a couple of years for the ecosystem to make the significant investments to address these shortages. This fundamental industry challenge underscores the importance of our unique and differentiated IDM 2.0 strategy. IDM 2.0 utilizes our internal factory network to reliably deliver leadership products and provide the industry another source of foundry capacity through our new Intel Foundry Services.
Leveraging our IDM advantage, we are working aggressively across our global supply chain to solve substrate shortages to satisfy our customers' surging demand and gain market share. For example, by partnering closely with our suppliers, we are creatively utilizing our internal assembly factory network to remove a major constraint in our substrate supply. Coming online in Q2, this capability will increase the availability of millions of units in 2021. It's a great example where the IDM model gives us flexibility to address the dynamic market.
It's clear the industry and Intel will need more capacity to meet strong future demand, which is why we are dramatically expanding our foundry capability with Intel Foundry Services starting with a $20 billion investment for our first large-scale foundry operations in Arizona. We plan to expand other locations and establish Intel Foundry Services as a major provider of committed foundry capacity in the U.S. and Europe while ensuring a sustainable and secure semiconductor supply for the world.
Since its announcement, the industry response to Intel Foundry Services has already been incredible. We are engaged with well over 50 potential customers today. We're seeing excitement from some of the top technology giants in the world across industry verticals ranging from automotive to high-performance compute and cloud service providers.
We've been responding to and proactively engaging with automotive component suppliers on how we can help them with their supply chains and alleviate shortages in both the near and long term. We're doing our part to address this global supply crisis, but we cannot do it alone. The investment needed at the scale required is immense, and it will require close industry and government partnership to address this need. Governments around the world are recognizing the critical nature of semiconductors and the need to increase advanced chip manufacturing capacity and prepare for the future. We are encouraged by President Biden's recognition of semiconductor manufacture as a critical component of our national infrastructure and its inclusion along with key research and infrastructure investments in broadband in the American Jobs plan.  
Looking ahead, we're confident our strategy will drive innovation and technology leadership for Intel. 7 nanometers is progressing well, and IDM 2.0 puts us on a path to restore process performance leadership and build on our industry-leading packaging technologies. With IDM 2.0, we will have superior capacity and supply resilience by leveraging our internal and external capacity and a superior cost structure.
By accelerating our clock rate of innovation, we will deliver leadership products in every category. In the PC business, we will follow the successful launches of Tiger Lake and Rocket Lake with Alder Lake, which is currently sampling and will ship in the second half of this year. Within the next couple of weeks, we'll tape in the compute tile for Meteor Lake, our first 7-nanometer CPU for 2023. In the data center, we will follow the strong ramp of Ice Lake with Sapphire Rapids, which is scheduled to reach production around the end of this year and ramp in the first half of 2022.
Overall, our 2023 road maps are firm and under execution and our 2024 and 2025 plans are well underway to provide unquestioned leadership products in every category we participate in. The Intel innovation machine is fired up. Before I pass it to George for the details in the quarter, let me reiterate how excited I am to be back. You can feel the energy inside of Intel, the passion to innovate and the drive that made us great.
We are reigniting our culture to attract, retain and motivate the best and brightest engineers in the industry. In fact, we've onboarded over 2,000 engineers so far this year, including the recent key hire of Sanjay Natarajan, who will co-lead our Logic Technology Development. In total, we expect to add several thousand more engineers by the end of the year.
2021 is a pivotal year as we lay the foundation of our winning IDM 2.0 strategy and invest in our future to accelerate our trajectory and execution. Given the incredible demand for computing, the strength of our IDM 2.0 strategy and the technology investments we're making, I'm certain Intel's best days are in front of us.

Thank you for the question, Harlan. And overall, as I said on the call, we're seeing very good progress on the 7-nanometer team. They're executing now. We're very confident of the changes that we made on that, right, and the move to really embrace EUV. And since we've done that, we've just seen superb execution.
And as I said, in the Unleashed event, we expect to move to a yearly cadence or better for our process technology. And we're going to be laying that path out very clearly. We're excited about our team's ability to get us back to process parity and ultimately to sustain leadership yet again. And I'm very happy with the team and some of the investments we're making, the hiring of Sanjay Natarajan that we talked about. Team is getting fired up to execute on that. 
We also see this is just one piece of our technology leadership strategy. And as we've seen in our IDM 2.0 strategy, it's about packaging. It's about the process. It's about the full set of IP that we're bringing to the table and at-scale manufacturing. And I will say some of the early enthusiasm that we've seen from some of the foundry customer pipeline is really bringing together our packaging technology with the full IDM 2.0 strategy.
So overall, getting back to the heart of your question, exactly. We are going to increase the cadence of our process technology innovations. We're seeing very positive signs since we made this change, and we're on track to parity and again, sustained leadership out in the future. Our team is firing on all cylinders, and I'm excited about what we're seeing as we monitor those milestones very rigorously going forward. This team's on fire, and we're executing.

Yes. Overall, let's just paint the picture a little bit more broadly, C.J., and thanks for the question. On the IDM 2.0 strategy, we're all about making leading-edge capacity available for our foundry customers. And the world needs more leading-edge capacity, and there's very few companies that can supply it around the world. So we're seeing a lot of enthusiasm for that. It's going to cause us to build and expand our capacity more aggressively. And as you suggest, it also means we have a better monetization on the longer life cycle of a foundry business, and we're planning on getting to foundry kind of margins with that investment.
Now as we have already begun engaging with customers, we've seen enthusiasm, right? We've seen enthusiasm that they get to design on our leading process technology, and they have more choices for wherever that might be coming from. We're also seeing enthusiasm for this idea that they can bring some of their IP and bring our IP to the table. And in particular, some of the cloud customers have been very excited about that ability to say, hey, I can take some of my cool ideas and be better optimized, including things like x86 cores, to have a more optimized solution for their market requirements. This is compelling for them. And then we combine that with all the other strengths that we've talked about such as at-scale manufacturing. And in the supply-constrained environment like we're in right now, boy, that's bringing enthusiasm from customers.
Also, we get to do that with all of the other assets that we have with packaging, our software technology. Yes, we think this is a strategy that will be very powerful for the industry. And we've seen that response, early customers, the EDA tool chains, the IP suppliers. This has really hit the right time in the industry, and we are seeing the international aspects as well as the government aspect saying, "Yes, we need a more geographically dispersed, resilient supply chain for something that's critical to the future of humanity and semiconductor technology." This is the right strategy for the right time, and we're seeing great response from it.

Yes. I'll start on that one and ask George to jump in a little bit. Overall, as George said in his comments, Q1 was a little bit better than we expected for DCG in terms of revenue, and we see it improving as we go through the year. So we saw this as the bottom.
A lot of that was driven exactly, as you asked in the question, by cloud digestion. We had an extraordinary last year, and now customers are almost through the digestion of that, and we're starting to see signs that they want to start the next build phase in their cloud. But we also saw some just great successes with the enterprise business starting to pick up. Some of the networking business wins were very strong for our 5G area. So overall, we believe we're on a path back to growth.
I'd also emphasize that the Ice Lake launch, superb, right? This product, major gains in generation, the generation improvement in absolute areas of differentiation like the AI performance. And as I said, this is AI infused now into the 100 million-plus Xeon sockets as we're bringing AI into every 1 of them. This is a powerful new capability and getting great response from our customers overall.
So we feel very good about the path that we're on. And our overall outlook for the year is that we're going to continue to see that momentum build as we go through the year and expect to see the business response, the competitive position, the customers getting onboard. It's an exciting time for our data center business. George, anything you'd add?

Yes. And overall, Stacy, I'd just add, it's about building leadership products. Ice Lake is a great product, and we're seeing a strong ramp for it. As the products get better, ASPs will get better, and we're going to be very aggressive in terms of market share in this area.
So we feel like we're now very much on the front foot again in this business, and we're starting to see the market respond that way. And with some of the things that we've talked about with Ice Lake, in particular, and our Sapphire Rapids program following up, we're on a good competitive dynamic, and we're leaning into this area of our business, and we're seeing great response from our customers.

Exactly that, aggressive on market share. We're going to fight for every socket in the market. This is an area that is core to our business. We're going to be aggressive. We've just delivered a great new product for it. We're going to be using our system design, our validation, our software assets. Our customer relationships, our supply chain, everything that we can to bring value to our customers, right? They are looking for us building on that 100 million installed base of servers that we have now. This is a great business and one that we're going to be very aggressive in bringing the best things to our customers. 
And I'd also say, Stacy, that as you think about this business, this is an area that, with our cloud partners, our IDM 2.0 strategy is powerful because now we're saying to them not only are we going to be building better and better products for you in this area, but we're also going to be co-designing, co-innovating and bringing new capabilities for them to optimize solutions for their markets as well. Yes, we're going to be aggressive in the data center and cloud business going forward.

Yes. Thank you, John.

So at the highest level, I'll just say, we work intimately with these customers, right? Our people are in their environments. We're working supply chains. We're building forecasts with them. We know what their inventory levels are. These are very intimate relationships. So I'd just say, at that level, we're confident when we speak that -- what they're doing and what we're going to see in the future on how they're digesting and deploying the products that we delivered to them last year are now ramping in and becoming instances they're selling and services they're selling as well.
I'll say, because of that intimate relationship that we have, we're quite confident in those comments. Like we said, as we see the sequential growth, we expect that across the business. We see that in networking. We see that in enterprise and government, and we see that in cloud as well.
We do see some of the elements that we talked about with respect to some of them exploring some of their own design work. And I'll just say, with that, we're very close to that. Those are fairly modest overall in terms of their volumes so far. And as I mentioned in the last question, this is an area that the IDM 2.0 strategy, the Intel Foundry Services is powerful. And the response that we've seen from those customers saying, "Wow, now we can co-innovate without doing all the work of creating a new architectural point in the cloud environment," this is powerful and something that we think is uniquely going to help us to navigate them to an answer that is much more favorable for them as well as for us, and we're on -- off to a great start.

Yes. And I'd just add to that from some of the things building on the Unleashed announcement in March, right, this is a good market, $100 billion foundry market, huge emphasis on that for leading-edge capacity, which we're uniquely suited to give. And I'll say, competitors aren't able to catch up with demand in this area and factories take a long time to build. And we're -- clearly, as George has laid out, this is something that the optionality helps our existing business as well as our foundry business.
And finally, the characteristics of the foundry business for somebody like us, it's a good business. Not only is it large, but it has good margin characteristics, and we expect that we're going to be able to produce good returns over the long term.
And as we think about this, again, we go back. The world needs more semiconductor capacity. It wants a more balanced supply chain. We're seeing industry say that. We're seeing government say that, and we're uniquely positioned to fulfill that.

Yes. I'll just say this is a pivotal year, right? I mean this is where we're building out the IDM 2.0 strategy. We're getting our product road map back in shape. Leadership products produce leadership margins.
And as we see, as we go through the year, we have opportunities of supply, right? As we drive revenues, if we're overachieving and as George said in his prepared remarks, we'll -- if we overachieve in supply, we will see revenue. We'll see gross margin improvements and leadership products as we're committing to on our road map over time will get us back to leadership margins.
So overall, this is pivotal, and we're well underway, right, and making that turn to have a -- I'll say Intel is back, right, with the kind of products, right, the kind of growth that you would expect, want to see from us.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Pierre. I think it's a good question. And to some degree, I say we don't know, right? We're in this phase where we're beginning to engage with customers. We have a good pipeline of customers that fit in both of those buckets, right? And definitely, some of the cloud customers, particularly interested in where they can co-mingle or create, I'll say, hybrid design, some of their IP with some of our IP. And then we have a very rich pipeline of customers really across pretty much every segment of the industry, communications providers, automakers, et cetera, that would fit into the second bucket where it's much more about them using us as a world-class foundry for all of their designs.
I'll say, we view this as a very, I'll say, right, broad set of customers that we're aiming at with a broad set of IP. And as we get IP for the RISC-V, the ARM ecosystem and the x86 ecosystem, our value proposition to customers is across that spectrum, where they don't need to opt priority side ours versus theirs. They get to design with that full spectrum.
The other thing I would say, Pierre is we're also seeing extreme interest in our packaging technologies. And here, it might be a tile from Samsung or TSMC being combined with a tile from Intel, right? And those might be on older process technologies, newer process technologies and taking advantage of our world-class packaging and assembly test technology. So we really see that full spectrum coming to bear. And it really is that combination of world-class foundry, world-class IP, world-class assembly package and test that we think gives us a unique proposition in the industry. And so far, the enthusiasm is very high for that offering.

Yes. And let me just add to that. I think it's a great point, George, because every IP that I generate from the industry increases the IP available to my internal design teams. Every piece of IP I develop internally is going to be made available to the industry, right, for their use as well. This becomes a powerful reinforcing cycle, right?
Also, wherever we're being benchmarked against the industry for our process technology as we move to industry standard PDKs, right, we're seeing strong embrace from the EDA suppliers. So we see all of this as it makes our process better. It makes our products better. It increases our efficiency and takes our clock rate of innovation up with the industry. It's a powerful strategy.

The simple answer to the last part of the question is, yes, that's what we just announced, right? x86 cores will be available on our foundry services and available for people to design with them. So that will include the cloud service providers to take advantage of that. So the simple answer is yes. And we do believe that the ability for our customers to take advantage of x86 this way will be a meaningful shift in how people think about ARM versus x86 because part of it was we weren't giving them the flexibility to design, to co-mingle IP as I've described it.
So they really -- if they were trying to do unique design work, they didn't have a good x86 choice. We gave them our standard products, which have lots of capabilities. But in some of -- particularly for the cloud guy, I'd say, "Boy, I don't use those particular features. I really could optimize with a few of these other things in the network and the memory hierarchy." And now we're saying, "Absolutely, come on in." And we're opening the doors of our IP, the doors of our leading process and packaging technology to be able to say let's do this together or let them do their own designs in our foundry as well. It's a very powerful strategy that I think will be a meaningful shift in the exact question that you asked.
Overall, we do think that making the x86 available this way is powerful. There are trillion lines of code that have been optimized for the x86. This is a powerful ecosystem that continues to have very great innovation and capabilities associated with it. And we're enhancing that with new capabilities like AI being integrated into the core instruction set of the new products, as you saw with Ice Lake. These are powerful differentiators. We're continuing to innovate, and the ecosystem is excited about what we're doing in our standard products as well as what we're making available through IDM 2.0.

Yes. I think we could spend an hour on that question. So let me try to be quick here for it. The response from Ice Lake has been very strong. Early ramp is very strong. Obviously, with the platform change, that does put a bit more work on the part of the customers, but we've been working through that with them. Good response to that as well. And as your question suggests, I mean, clearly, it would be better if we weren't bringing a new platform transition with Sapphire Rapids as well. But there's so many good things in that platform that the customers are excited about, new PCI, new DDR and probably most seminally is the new CXL launch, right, as part of that.
And I'll tell you, opening up, right, that additional interface on the platform has gotten tremendous support from the industry, new capabilities, co-processor capabilities, memory pooling capabilities. It really has been maybe the most exciting new platform capability since the PCI gen when we introduced that quite a number of years ago. So a lot of excitement about that. And particularly for cloud customers, who have seen their memory portion of their TCO costs rise quite rapidly, there's a lot of enthusiasm in that area of the platform.
So I'd say, overall, yes, we would have probably liked to have less platform transitions than this has induced, but so far, the response from customers is they're going through those transitions with us. They're seeing value in those transitions. And particularly, as I say, as we look out to the Sapphire Rapids generation, there's a lot of value in there with some of the major, major enhancements that are part of that.
Obviously, as we look further out in time, having more platform stability in the architecture, I think, is something we're striving for. And I think as we lay out the '23, '24, '25 road map directions to the industry, you'll start to see that theme much more seminally, right, centered in the road map. Also, I think as we get all aspects of our core leadership, our vector AI leadership, process leadership, all of those start to come into play, I think we'll see a very nice view of how that platform architecture lays out over time.

Well, hey, first, I just want to again say thank you to everybody for joining my first call back as the CEO of VMware. One opportunity, last opportunity to say Intel is back. We're firing on all cylinders. Our best days are ahead of us. We're investing for the future. We're executing, and we're just getting started. Look forward to our next quarterly call with you.