Thanks, Trey, and thank you all for joining our call. We delivered solid third quarter revenue and profitability despite increasing COVID-driven headwinds affecting significant portions of our business. Led by strong consumer notebook demand and continued cloud growth, we generated $18.3 billion in revenue and delivered $1.11 in EPS. We exceeded our top line expectation by $133 million and our bottom line expectation by $0.01. I'm incredibly proud of our employees' performance through these challenging conditions. Our team has shown tremendous perseverance and has really come together as one Intel to deliver for our customers.
Over the last couple of years, we have been focused on 3 critical priorities: improving our execution to strengthen our core business, extending our reach to accelerate the growth of the company and continuing to thoughtfully deploy your capital.
Let me discuss our third quarter progress. First, improving our execution to strengthen our core business. This quarter, we launched our 11th Gen Intel Core processors with Intel Iris Xe graphics codename Tiger Lake. This is the world's best processor for thin and light notebooks. In real-world workloads versus competitive products, Tiger Lake delivers up to 2.7x faster content creation, 20% faster office productivity and more than 2x faster gaming plus streaming. I'm excited to announce that we now expect 100 Tiger Lake-based designs in the market by the end of this year, double the expectation we provided in April.
Tiger Lake is a shining example of the product leadership we can deliver for our customers through our 6 pillars of technology innovation: breakthrough architectural improvements in CPU, graphics, AI and software combined with our newest 10-nanometer-based technology, SuperFin, which delivers the largest single internal performance improvement in our history.
Accompanying the Tiger Lake launch, we also updated our master brand and debuted a new platform brand, Evo. Based on 11th Gen Core, Evo designs support the sleekest thin and light form factors with premium connectivity, audio and video. Each Evo notebook is verified to deliver consistent responsiveness, outstanding real-world battery life, instant wake and fast charging. We expect our customers to have 40 Evo designs in market by the end of the year.
Turning to our data center business. We and our customers are excited about the upcoming launch of our 3rd Gen Xeon Scalable product, Ice Lake. We're targeting qualification at the end of Q4 with volume ramp shortly after in Q1. Recently, Oracle announced that they plan to leverage the computing performance of Ice Lake for the next generation of cloud-based high-performance computing instances within Oracle cloud infrastructure. The combination of 3rd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processors with other improvements in Oracle's new X9 generation instance can drive up to 30% higher performance gains on certain workloads compared with the existing X7 generation instances.
CPUs are foundational to our business, but we are also adding a range of other processing engines, or XPUs, to our portfolio. We've made great strides in graphics, and we are now scaling our graphics architecture from integrated to discrete levels of performance.
Our first discrete GPU, DG1, is shipping now and will be in systems for multiple OEMs later in Q4. We also powered on our next-generation GPU for client, DG2. Based on our Xe high-performance gaming architecture, this product will take our discrete graphics capability up the stack into the enthusiast segment.
Beyond the CPU and the GPU, our customers tell us that they want a diverse range of AI solutions to fit every power level and performance needs from the intelligent edge to the data center. For the most demanding AI workloads, our customers are looking for purpose-built XPUs that leverage a standard-based programming environment. With that in mind, we acquired Habana Labs almost a year ago. We've integrated Habana with our platform capabilities and added software resources so that we can deliver game-changing capability to the performance tier of the data center market. Habana's inference card is now in volume production and shipping to customers. And we're also in proof of concepts with several major cloud service providers on Habana's training card.
In addition to our architectural advancements and process improvements with SuperFin, we've also advanced our packaging technologies. Several weeks ago, the U.S. Department of Defense awarded us the second phase of its state-of-the-art heterogeneous integration prototype program, or SHIPP. The SHIPP program enables the U.S. government to access Intel's state-of-the-art semiconductor packaging capabilities in Arizona and Oregon and take advantage of capabilities created by Intel's tens of billions of dollars of annual R&D and manufacturing investments.
Software is another essential pillar for product leadership, which is why we have more than 15,000 software engineers working across the stack from BIOS to application optimization. As an example, we have dedicated software experts who optimize key workloads using our hardware capabilities. Through these efforts, we have increased the performance of top data center workloads such as the NAMD molecular dynamic simulation code used in the fight against COVID-19 by 1.8x via AVX512 and natural language processing using the BERT model by 6.8x via a range of software optimizations. Additionally, we have been working closely with the ecosystem on the open standard oneAPI effort as part of the XPU transformation. With oneAPI, we are creating an open unified software architecture that can support the variety of XPUs that our customers demand. We've made tremendous progress with developers and released spec 1.0 of oneAPI in the third quarter and on track to have the gold release of oneAPI software in the fourth quarter this year.
Second, we're focused on extending our reach to accelerate our growth. We are actively executing against a diversified growth strategy and now have several multibillion-dollar businesses fueled by data and the rise of artificial intelligence, 5G network transformation and the intelligent autonomous edge. We built these businesses by positioning the company to grow share in the largest market opportunity in our history in a world where everything increasingly looks like a computer. Our ambitions are much greater. And to realize them, we must play a larger role in our customers' success.
Here are some recent examples. We created OpenVINO in 2018 so that developers could quickly accelerate applications with deep learning inference and solutions deployed from edge to cloud. In the third quarter, our OpenVINO download rate was more than double our peak last year, and we've now seen our OpenVINO-related edge design wins scale more than 5x in the first half of this year versus the same time last year. And we're only beginning to realize the opportunities created by 5G. As communication service providers evolve their networks to support the rollout of future 5G networks, they are increasingly adopting a software-defined virtualized infrastructure.
This quarter, Verizon successfully completed the world's first fully virtualized end-to-end 5G data session, leveraging Intel's vast portfolio of products, including Xeon, FPGAs, Ethernet cards and Flex-ran software reference architecture and our years of experience in virtualization.
We continue to see excellent customer momentum in our Mobileye business. Year-to-date, we now have 29 new design wins for more than 26 million lifetime units. Following last quarter's landmark design win with Ford, we announced collaborations with Geely, AHG and WILLER. Geely Automotive Group, the largest privately held auto manufacturer in China, unveiled its new electric vehicle featuring Mobileye's SuperVision surround view for hands-free ADAS solution starting in late 2021. We expanded our Mobility-as-a-Service collaborations network with 2 important partnerships. The first is with Al Habtoor Group from the UAE; second, with WILLER Japan to propel the deployment of autonomous vehicles and Mobility-as-a-Service. Mobileye is also first of our IOTG businesses to return to pre-COVID levels as global vehicle production improved in the third quarter.
Finally, we're always mindful of our role in thoughtfully allocating your capital. This week, we signed an agreement to sell SK hynix, our NAND memory business, for $9 billion. We believe this is a fantastic win-win transaction that allows us to focus our energy and investment in differentiated technologies where we can play a bigger role in the success of our customers and deliver attractive returns to our shareholders. At the same time, SK hynix can build on the success of our NAND technology at a greater scale and grow the memory ecosystem to the benefit of our data center customers, partners and employees.
We are retaining our Optane technology and intend to continue investing, developing and scaling the Optane business. We've also significantly improved supply for our customers. We've expanded our capacity by more than 25% in 2020 and currently have 3 high-volume fabs producing 10-nanometer products to meet our customer demands.
Earlier this quarter, we also entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements to repurchase $10 billion in stock. Following this repurchase, we will have completed approximately $17.6 billion of the $20 billion repurchase commitment we made in October of 2019.
We have a very strong balance sheet. And even as macroeconomic uncertainty persists, we are confident in our long-term strategy and the value we create as we grow our business.
Finally, let me share a few thoughts about the guiding principles we use to deliver the most value for our customers. Our overarching and most important priority is to deliver a predictable cadence of leadership products. A few years ago, we decided that an architectural shift to die disaggregation enabled by our differentiated advanced packaging would be a potent tool for employing the best technologies that we and the ecosystem can provide. We also realized that delivering on that promise meant engaging the ecosystem in a different way: treating the equipment and EDA providers and third-party foundries not as suppliers but as strategic partners that we can learn from and that can help us solve customer problems. Now we have more flexibility in whether we make or buy or whether we make for others.
Many of our future products can no longer be described as manufactured inside or outside or as being a large core or a small core product. These products will take advantage of hybrid architectural approaches and the universe of IP deployed both inside and outside the walls of Intel. That said, we have and do get great benefits from internal manufacturing. We call it our IDM advantage because it provides us attractive economics, co-optimization of design and process technology development and supply assurance. So as we engage the ecosystem more broadly, we want to preserve some of the advantages of IDM like schedule, performance and supply as we work with our strategic partners.
Finally, I want to reiterate our intention to continue investing in leading process technology development to bring future process nodes and advanced packaging capabilities to market. This is a powerful force in creating future differentiation for our products and provides tremendous option value for our business.
As I look to the next several years of products, I am excited about the products we have coming. We are now sampling our 2021 client CPU, Alder Lake, and we'll be sampling our 2021 data center CPU, Sapphire Rapids, later in the fourth quarter. Both will deliver significant capabilities enabled by our 6 pillars of innovation, including our enhanced SuperFin technology. We have another great lineup of products in 2022, and I'm increasingly confident in the leadership our 2023 products will deliver on either Intel 7-nanometer or external foundry processes or a combination of both. I look forward to providing further update in the January call.

Thanks, George. Before we get to your questions, just a little context on the year. 2020 has been the most challenging year in my career with a global pandemic, geopolitical tensions, challenging business principles of globalization and social unrest. Despite all this, we expect to deliver the best year in our storied 52-year history.
We plan to grow revenue by $1.8 billion more than our January expectations even as COVID has significantly impacted our business mix. Full year gross margin will be down approximately 2 points versus our January expectation, primarily driven by acceleration of 10-nanometer-based products and a change in mix of products in a work-from-home, study-from-home environment. We've maintained spending discipline even as we invest in our workforce, communities and supply chain to combat COVID, and the decision we made to sell our NAND business will drive 1 to 2 points of non-GAAP gross margin accretion next year.
Finally, we are mindful of your capital and made decisions to increase shareholder value through our ASR and increase dividend and prudent management of our Intel capital portfolio. Nine months into 2020, we now expect to beat our January free cash flow guide by $1.5 billion to $2 billion.
In closing, I want to thank all our employees who are working through difficult circumstances to deliver these financial commitments and support our customers.

Maybe just to add, I was just going to say that the one other dynamic, and we -- this impacted us as we thought about the second half, but it's been even more exacerbated now, is the demand for our 10-nanometer products. We said that it was going to be -- it was up 20% in the second half from what we thought back in the beginning of the year. And now we're saying it's up north of 30% from what we thought. And that's a function of the Tiger Lake product that we launched in the third quarter, real strong demand, double the design wins that'll be on the shelf during the course of the fourth quarter and the ramping of 3 high volume manufacturing fabs to enable more and more supply. We're going to get more 10-nanometer product than we even anticipated 90 days ago. So that's just the one added feature that -- on top of George's commentary.

But as George mentioned earlier, the -- year-on-year, you have a 15% ASP decline. But when you look at within the segments of the business, cloud growth continued to be really strong. So on a year-to-date basis, cloud is up mid-30%, so cloud performance relatively strong. Our comms business, real strong volume growth as the role we play at network and the edge becomes larger. Yet, that strong unit volume growth is much lower ASPs than our kind of normal cloud and enterprise business. And then third, with the enterprise decline being so big where the ASPs have a tendency to be higher prices, the combination of that mix effect, mix alone of the business, drove the lion's share of the 15% ASP decline.
So mix dynamics that George flagged but with strong cloud growth -- I think the reality of E&G is -- remember, we were up 34% through the first 6 months of the year. So when you take into account third quarter volume, on a year-to-date basis, the E&G business is flat in a fairly challenging macro environment. So all told, I think what we saw in the course of the second quarter going into the third quarter, inventory levels in the channel were probably relatively high. They bled off quite a bit in the third quarter. And therefore, year-to-date at being flat, it's probably in line with where we were when we started the year with a stronger first half, a weaker second half.

Yes. Thanks, John. I mean, first, we have a very strong product lineup for '20, '21 and '22 for client, for server and for IoT. So we feel very good about what our lineup looks like over the next 3 years. And not just for the CPU but for the GPU, for AI and for FPGA. So the next 3 years, we feel very good about the product lineup. So as we think about 2023 and beyond, we're looking at the products required at that time. And we're evaluating our process versus other third-party processes. And the fundamental criteria, as you could imagine, are, at the macro level, fairly, fairly simple: schedule and schedule predictability, product performance and economics with supply chain, our ability to control the supply chain best we possibly can.
So the criteria are relatively simple, and we're evaluating each one of those kind of as we exit 2020 and really early 2021 because that's the time that we'll have to make the determination as to whether we're buying more 7-nanometer equipment or whether a third-party foundry would be adding that capacity. So we're going through this process, really looking at our capabilities, others' capabilities around those 3 fundamental criteria. I would say since the last time we spoke, our 7-nanometer process is doing very well. I mean last time we spoke, we had identified an excursion. We had root caused it. We thought we knew the fix. Now we've deployed the fix and made wonderful progress. But nonetheless, we're still going to evaluate third-party foundry versus our foundry across those 3 criteria. And the call will be towards the end of this year, early next year.
On your last question, John, about is it an all or nothing, no. I'd say it's -- we look at server or client. We look at big core, small core. We look at some segments of the stack within the product line. So we're looking at a variety of different parameters in terms of the makeup of the business. And as I said in my prepared remarks, it's probably not an all or nothing, it's probably a mix in terms of the best path to ensure that we had a predictable cadence of leadership products for '23 and '24 like, we believe, we will have in '20, '21 and '22. And we'll learn a lot more as we have in the last 90 days, during the course of the next 90 days, and I think be in a pretty good position to lay out our decision in the January time frame.

Well, I mean, it's -- I think, Joe, it's been a fairly consistent road map over the course of the last 18 months or so with Cascade Lake now, Ice Lake end of year, beginning to ramp early next year, a very -- in our mind, a very attractive and enhanced feature set for Sapphire Rapids at the end of the year kind of 4 quarters later, which is kind of the road map that we've laid out for our customers over the course of the last 18 months. And I think people are pretty excited about getting Ice Lake out and equally excited about the enhanced feature set of Sapphire Rapids at the end of the year. So as long as we got it fairly laid out, predictable, so our customers can plan effectively, we want to be able to continue to do that cadence of leadership products kind of in sequence, in a 4-, maybe 5-quarter kind of time frame. And this is not dramatically different than how we've approached it in the past.

You're doing a little too fine cutting it.

Yes. It's a good question. I mean I gave kind of the criteria around should we, under what circumstances, go out more of schedule, predictability, performance and of economics, if you will, the bookend on that -- on those 3 criteria, really around, one, the ease of portability of our technologies to go out. And I would say we feel very confident in the ability of us being able to port to TSMC. And the other bookend is, in the event that we go out, what's the ease in which we can port back if we conclude that's the best alternative for either core products or chiplets.
I would just say that we feel increasingly confident that, yes, in fact, if we conclude going out, makes sense that we can. And also that in the event we want to port back in, we can as well. And that's -- those are general observations around the bookend questions. And then there's a bit of complexity based on the nature of the product, whether it's more big core versus more synthesizable cores. So we can go out, we can come back in and we're in the process of evaluating the should we and under what circumstances.

Yes. So I'll start. George, you can pile on. I mean, first, we're up 9% unit volume year-to-date, 11% unit volume in the third quarter with a TAM that's probably up in the high single digits at this stage. So when we came into the year, we want to, number one, increase our capacity, which we have, in fact, done; number two, launch some very good products; and then number three, with that incremental capacity and improved product road map, to begin to recapture share. And I would say that we feel -- we don't exactly know how Q3 TAM is going to be, but I think on a year-to-date basis, we feel like we've gained back some market share primarily by protecting the higher end and recapturing the small core.
And I think those have all been a little bit exacerbated by a market that is much stronger than we anticipated, number one. And then as George flagged, this massive mix shift that happened really in the third quarter and we expect to continue in the fourth quarter to more mobile notebook products where we think we've got a wonderful product offering. So in the aggregate, we're looking at a TAM in the high -- mid- to high single-digit growth for the year. Our volume through 9 months is 9%. We got really good ramp of our 10-nanometer product in the holiday, and we think we've got a nice supply chain kind of up and down the stack as we go into the holiday season.

Yes. And I would just add, as we exit the year, and I think it was Joe that asked this a little bit earlier, we go into 2021 with just some real tailwinds and some headwinds. But net-net, I think they're reasonably well balanced relative to the longer-term outlook that we gave you back in May '19. And just to highlight the tailwinds, and you mentioned one of them, we made decisions on some of the lower-margin businesses in our portfolio, obviously, this week's announcement on NAND, the decline that we expect to see in modem volume as we go into '21, we exited home device connected business middle of the year. So the mix of the business is a net tailwind as we enter 2021.
Secondly, we've made really good progress on 10-nanometer yields during the course of this year. And the expectation as we mature going into next year on 10-nanometer will, in fact -- we expect will, in fact, improve. And then third, we will still have a significant portion of our volume in 2021 that will be on 14-nanometer, and that will have an increasing portion of the equipment fully depreciated. So we have some real tailwinds in -- these are things that we knew of, anticipated 6, 12, 18 months ago. So those are all kind of in line. The only real net positive is the decision on NAND.
And then we have some headwinds. When we migrate more and more of our volume from 14 to 10, that will work against us as we anticipated, as we planned. And the competitive environment from where we are today versus what we had assumed when we laid our longer-term numbers at, not dramatically different. So I think the biggest wildcard now is mix. And that obviously surprised us a little bit because in the second half, I should say, just the mix of the dynamics of the business that I'd characterize are more COVID-related and what are the implications of that on '21 and beyond. But I'd say there's probably as much a chance of positive tailwinds as opposed to negative headwinds on that front. So we've got some real tailwinds, some headwinds. Net-net, maybe I'd characterize as maybe a little better positioned today than where we were when we laid it out in May of 2019.

Yes. Well, first, thanks for joining us. I'd just say through a very challenging market environment, we expect to grow revenue this year by $1.8 billion and free cash flow by $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion above what we laid out back at the beginning of the year. So despite all the inherent challenges, we'll deliver a stronger year, and we'll have a better product portfolio as we go into next year.
Second, we are relentlessly focused on delivering a predictable cadence of leadership products. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we have a great product lineup through 2022. The fact that we're working really hard on '23 at this stage, I think, is a relatively good position to be in.
Third, we continue to extend our reach and accelerate our growth by meeting these key technology inflections such as cloud, 5G, intelligent and autonomous edge, computing and AI. So I think we're positioning more and more of our resources into real strong growth characteristics.
And last thing I'd just say is we're incredibly grateful for the dedication and resiliency of Intel employees, the partners that we work with and our collective efforts to continue to retain a health and safe environment while delivering for our customers. So we are collectively inspired by our purpose, which is simply to create world-changing technologies that enrich the lives of every person on Earth. And I can't imagine a time where that purpose could be more important than it has been during the course of this year. So thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you soon.