Thanks, Pat, and welcome back to Intel. It has been an honor to lead this incredible company and its talented team. It gives me great confidence in Intel's future knowing that I'll be passing the baton to Pat, whose technology expertise, industry knowledge, execution track record and commitment to our company is indisputable.
Over the last 2 years, we made significant progress on our strategy to transform Intel into a multi-architecture XPU company to move from silicon to solutions and to contemporize our IDM model. I am proud of what we're able to achieve together as an Intel team in a relatively short period of time and echo Omar's words that Intel is in a strong strategic and financial position as we make this transition.
As demonstrated by the results we announced today, demand for Intel's innovative technologies remains very strong, and our investments to capitalize on future growth opportunities are paying off. Our Q4 results significantly exceeded our expectations, capping off our fifth consecutive year of record revenue. We generated $20 billion in revenue and $1.52 in EPS, exceeding our guidance by $2.6 billion and $0.42, respectively. For the full year, we delivered $77.9 billion in revenue, up 8%, and $5.30 in EPS, up 9%. The client, data center, memory and Mobileye businesses each set all-time revenue records.
In Q4, we continued to advance our 3 strategic priorities: improving our execution to strengthen our core business, extending our reach to accelerate growth and redefine our position in the industry, and continuing to thoughtfully deploy capital to create value for our shareholders. Let me briefly discuss some of the highlights. Starting with improving our execution to strengthen our core business, let me start with an update on process technology and our product road map. Over the last few years, we've been evolving the IDM model to ensure we can deliver a predictable cadence of leadership products, preserve our IDM advantage, continue to invest in process technology leadership and generate attractive returns on capital. This evolution includes a disaggregated design strategy, adoption of standard industry processes and common tools, flows and methods and deeper engagement with the industry ecosystem.
In July, we highlighted a challenge with our 7-nanometer technology and started a process to improve it while evaluating the best approach for our 2023 product lineup. Since that time, we have made tremendous progress on our 7-nanometer technology.  
When 7-nanometer was originally defined, the flow contained a particular sequence of steps that contributed to the defect issue we discussed in July. By rearchitecting these steps, we've been able to resolve the defects. As part of this work over the last 6 months, we also streamlined and simplified our 7-nanometer process architecture to better ensure we'll be able to deliver on our 2023 product road map. The in-line data we have been collecting and our pipeline of proven yield development projects gives us confidence in our ability to deliver on our commitments going forward.
At the same time, as Pat mentioned, we will continue to leverage the relationships we've developed over the years with our external foundry partners and believe they can play a larger role in our product road map given our disaggregated designs. Once Pat has had a chance to join, he'll further assess our analysis and drive the final manufacturing decision for our 2023 CPU products. Therefore, we'll communicate that decision soon after he takes over but not today.
Turning to products. We've qualified several new products in the fourth quarter, and we have an incredibly exciting lineup of CPUs for '21 and '22. Just a couple of weeks ago at CES, we introduced more than 50 processors, resulting in more than 500 new designs for laptops and desktops coming to market in 2021. We are also seeing tremendous market response for PCs based on our new 11th Gen Intel Core Tiger Lake processors. Our PC customers now have more than 150 Tiger Lake-based systems in the market, well ahead of expectations.
We believe we gained market share as PC CPU units grew an impressive 33% in the quarter. In a market where competitors are seeing supply challenges, this is a powerful example of the incredible value and scale of our factory network as we continue to deliver greater performance and cost efficiencies for our customers.
Moving to Data Center. We are now shipping our first 10-nanometer-based Xeon Scalable CPU, Ice Lake, and we'll be ramping volume through the first quarter. Customers are going to see significant value in Ice Lake across cloud, network and edge workloads with excellent performance improvement and innovations such as PCIe Express Gen4, next-generation Intel Optane Persistent Memory and security enhancements such as SGX.  
As we look ahead, we are excited about the capabilities we are bringing to customers with Alder Lake for mobile and desktop PCs and Sapphire Rapids for the data center. These products take advantage of our enhanced SuperFin process technology and numerous architectural improvements, and both are broadly sampling to customers. We will qualify Alder Lake desktop and notebook for production and begin our volume ramp in the second half of '21, and we expect production qualification of Sapphire Rapids at the end of 2021.
In the expanded market opportunity in front of us, CPUs are critical, but multiple architectures, or XPUs, will be required to help customers optimize for specific workloads. We had a big XPU leap in the fourth quarter as we entered the discrete graphics market with Intel Iris Xe MAX Graphics, Intel's first Xe-based discrete GPU. We are now shipping discrete graphics into thin and light notebooks from Acer, ASUS and Dell. And we introduced our first discrete GPU for the data center, which is already delivering great cloud gaming experiences for customers such as Tencent. We also announced the gold release of oneAPI, our cross-industry open standard-based unified programming model that delivers a common developer experience across architectures.
Second, we've made strong progress extending our reach to accelerate our growth. Over the past several years, we have been making investments that have positioned us to lead key technology inflections such as AI, 5G network transformation and the intelligent autonomous edge. We infuse AI capabilities into everything we make from the cloud to PCs, and we see tremendous growth prospects as we build our position in data center training to complement the strength of our Intel Xeon for inference.
We made a significant step in AI this quarter when Amazon announced EC2 instances that will leverage up to 8 of our Habana Gaudi AI training accelerators and deliver up to 40% better price performance than current GPU-based EC2 instances for machine learning workloads.
We've also invested to drive networking workload convergence on Intel silicon. In 2020, we expanded our footprint into the radio access network, delivering Xeon, SoCs, FPGAs and custom solutions for 5G base station designs and reaching our goal of 40% share 2 years ahead of our original target. Today, we are the leading network silicon provider winning in wireless, enterprise and cloud networks and delivering $6 billion in revenue this year, up approximately 20% versus 2019.
Finally, we have enviable assets to lead the explosive growth of intelligent and autonomous edge computing. Our IOTG and Mobileye businesses have a combined annual revenue of $4 billion. Mobileye delivered a record fourth quarter and had an explosive start to 2021 with a number of exciting CES announcements.
Third, we maintained our discipline in thoughtfully allocating our shareholders' capital. Since 2015, we have grown revenue by more than $22 billion and more than doubled EPS. We've driven spending from 36% of revenue to 25% of revenue while investing in manufacturing capacity expansion, adding more than $1 billion of R&D targeted to higher growth initiatives and focusing our product portfolio.
As a result, we anticipate approximately $12 billion in proceeds from our NAND and McAfee exits over time. At the same time, we've been delivering substantial capital returns to shareholders, including $19.8 billion in 2020 alone through dividends and share buybacks, the latter of which included a $10 billion accelerated share repurchase announced in August.
Building on this, today, we announced that we are increasing our annual dividend by $0.07 or 5% from $1.32 to $1.39 per share. 
Before I pass it to George for more details on our fourth quarter results, I want to reiterate that I couldn't be more proud of the team at Intel, and I cherish the time I've spent here. I look forward to watching Pat and the team's continued progress as they build on Intel's purpose to deliver breakthrough technology that enriches the lives of everyone on the planet. I also thank our investors and analysts on the line today for their continued support of Intel and for our valued engagements over the years.

Yes. Thanks, C.J. Maybe I'll start, and George, you can finish up. First, yes, we've been through an exhaustive effort over the course of the last 6 months. And as we highlighted, we've made tremendous progress on our 7-nanometer process technology, and that gives us a lot of comfort that the #1 priority that we set in the middle of the year, which was a predictable cadence of leadership products that we would be able to deliver our 2023 road map using i7 or for our next-gen technology. So the progress that the team has made has given us the confidence that we'll continue to leverage the IDM advantage and invest in technology development leadership in the future.
At the same time, we also realize that with our disaggregated designs that we launched a few years back that we have enhanced flexibility to see if, when and what technologies or tiles will make inside, which will be the majority of our '23 road map, but it gives us the flexibility to look at things outside. And the trade-offs that we make in doing that are: one, performance of product in a predictable manner; two, economics; and three, ensuring that we have the capacity and the control of the supply chain so that we can -- our customers can count on our deliveries. So over the course of time, preserving the IDM advantage while being more and more flexible in our architectures and our designs.

Yes. And I would -- I'd put maybe, John, just, I think, history here as a reasonably good indicator of the commentary that George provided for '21. And if you go back a year, we said gross margins would be 59% for 2020, and we ended up at 57.5%, so down 1.5 points. And if you look at the fundamental drivers of that 1.5 points versus what we thought at the beginning of the year, first, we generated $4 billion more revenue than we thought. So volume was much higher. And then when you look at the makeup of that volume, it was -- in my mind, it was all good things that foreshadow important things for '21 and beyond. First, the demand for our 10-nanometer products was much -- was higher or greater than we expected, and that was a very positive in terms of income but slight degradation in gross margin.
Second, the PC demand that we experienced during the course of the year, which, relative to where we were at the beginning of the year, was off the charts, including what we believe were share gains in the fourth quarter, came predominantly with consumer entry and education. So those 2 segments tend to be lower margin but real strong demand. And that was the gap that we didn't fill when we were capacity constrained last year.
So I think in terms of the mix of more 10-nanometer, much more PC demand at the lower end, those were things that drove down less margin percent but a lot more income than we expected a year ago. And those things, as George mentioned going into '21 are going to be -- you're going to have a much better mix because of the exit of modem and NAND, number one. Number two, 10-nanometer product cost, as George mentioned, is going to get much better during the course of the year. Number three, 14-nanometer is going to be more fully depreciated equipment. Those 3 things are very positive as of end of the year.
At the same time, George flagged 2 issues. One of it is mixed dynamics of PC TAM, we think, is going to be relatively strong, but it's -- we do believe it's going to be at the lower end. Education will be a big part of that demand. That has lower margin. And we renewed our commitment to 7-nanometer process technology, and that, in fact, will have a degradation. So in so many ways, we generated a lot more income and revenue in 2020 as the adoption of our better -- of our 10-nanometer products and lower end in consumer were very positive impacts for earnings. And those trends you'll see as we go in the first quarter and throughout 2021.

Yes. I think at the time, we said that, in effect, given the process challenges we are doing with the product road map, we expected to shift a couple of quarters into '23. And as normal, client will likely go first, and server will go after that. So the expectation is and our focus in improving 7 so that we can hit that predictable cadence of leadership products in '23, we have dramatically improved our confidence in our ability to hit that product road map schedule that we talked about at the time.

Thank you.

Yes. Vivek, 2 things and we've talked about this a bit over the last couple of years that, first, our belief on delivering leadership products over time is going to be dependent on a multitude of factors. Process technology is very important. Packaging technologies become increasingly important in our mind, a multitude of architectures, CPU to XPU or including graphics and AI capabilities, memory, security, and last and not least, software. And you'll remember that we talked about those as the 6 pillars of technology required to deliver product leadership where process is very important, but it's not the only thing. So that's kind of the strategy we've been on for the last couple of years.
But secondly, we're going to continue to invest in process technology. So some of the progress we made on 7 over the last couple of quarters is important for the next generation of process technology. So as we leverage our 6 pillars of technology to deliver leadership product, we will also continue to invest in next-generation process technology beyond 7-nanometer.

Thanks for the question. You gave most of my answer on your inquisition. I mean, first, as we've been saying for the last couple of years that we view 5G and network transformation as a significant opportunity for us to expand the role we play as more and more compute moves from the data center to the cloud, to the network, and those dumb pipes become smarter and smarter pipes. So this has been a pretty large thrust for us for the last several years.
We've made tremendous progress in migrating a custom-oriented environment to general purpose compute, and that has been a big source of growth from $1 billion business probably 5 or 6 years ago to $5 billion last year. That came primarily by leveraging the core GPU in the network environment.
But a couple of years ago, to your question, we expanded the role that we thought we could play as more and more compute happen at the network. And that included moving into the radio access space with more -- with general purpose compute but also custom architectures, including FPGAs and ASICs. And that allowed us to play a much bigger role in our customers' success in a key emerging technology that we've been focused on for a while.
So I think that maybe the one other point that I would make that we've gone -- we targeted about 20% share in that radio access space by 2022, and we hit that 40% share in 2020. So we're well ahead of where we expected. The role we play at 5G and the network is much bigger. We've developed partnerships along the way in this space, including with VMware. So I can only imagine those partnerships and complementary capabilities will allow us to play a bigger and bigger role as more and more compute moves to the network and to the edge.

And then on the specific question about the dynamics and discussion with kind of the U.S. government on -- or maybe just our foundry capabilities, I would just -- we've been talking about this for a couple of years, and I think the implications of -- a couple of years ago, increased trade tariffs, now more increasing trade restrictions, at the time, we saw that as a challenge because China is a large market for us but also as a big opportunity. And the big opportunity, we're on 2 fronts. In the event of an increasingly east versus west world, we saw an opportunity for us to play a bigger role in 5G. So we talked about that. And I think as a result of the incremental investments we've made, the team has made tremendous progress on our 5G space.
At the same time, we also talked about addressing a growing need in an east versus west world where supply -- where there are dual supply chains and increased anxiety about having all your technology dependencies more in the east. So for us, what that meant was engaging both with the U.S. government and with commercial players who just were increasingly anxious about their exposures. And what we've heard from the U.S. government is, one, we need advanced access to advanced microelectronics, technology and manufacturing here in the U.S.
We need greater industrial manufacturing base here in the U.S., and we need a safe and secure supply chain increasingly here in the U.S. And with those 3 things, and this is both U.S. government and commercial customers, we're the only company that can really check all 3 boxes. So along the way, as you know, Matt, we told the U.S. government that we would be in a position, too, for the good of the industry, frankly, for the good of the country, for the good of Intel, we would leverage our competencies, our capabilities to provide foundry services to the U.S. government; and then been working very closely because foundry services require scale, how do we make sure that we have the technology that can meet both USG needs and commercial players' needs. And that's a dialogue that has been back and forth for a while. And we think we played a role both with ourselves and the Semiconductor Industry Association in trying to shape some of the incentives coming out of Washington, in effect, do a more effective job in leveling the playing field to invest in foundry services here in the U.S.

Well, I'll be a little more generic. I think what I said is that our focus is on how do you deliver a predictable cadence of leadership products, preserve IDM advantages and invest in technology development and along the way, as a company, be much more open and engaging with the ecosystem to make sure we understand the inherent technologies that are out there and embrace technologies to the extent they might be better than what we have or not as critical in the determination of product performance differentiation. So that's a -- what we've characterized is just engaging with the ecosystem in a much more holistic way; and broadly speaking, that may mean sharing technologies that we have that they could use or leveraging technologies that others have developed that we can use as well.
So that's -- I just think it goes back to how do we take this wonderful business model called IDM where we co-optimize, design and manufacturing. We make all the money, and we control the supply chain. How do we evolve that very powerful business model in industry and an ecosystem that's made dramatic advancements over the last 10 years where we think we can be more open minded in engaging and leveraging those?