Thank you, Patricia, and thanks to all of you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter performance. At our recent investor briefing, we laid out our hybrid cloud and AI strategy and our approach to delivering strong free cash flow and sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth starting in 2022.
For the last 1.5 years, we've been taking actions and investing to execute our strategy. This quarter, we reported modest revenue growth and delivered solid free cash flow, generated over $11 billion of adjusted free cash flow over the last year. We also made tangible progress in our key growth areas of software and consulting.
With that, I will acknowledge that in other areas of the business, we fell short of our expectation; systems during the end of the z15 cycle and Global Technology Services lines pausing ahead of the public filing of the Form 10 and separation of Kyndryl. We have made further progress in the Kyndryl separation in the last 2 weeks and announced the distribution date of November 3, which is ahead of our original schedule.
We've done a lot to prepare Kyndryl for this moment. We took structural actions to improve the profit profile. The management team is in place. Employee transfers and the vast majority of client contract innovations are complete.
We are now even more certain that separating this business creates value through focus. That said, the people of GTS have been a part of IBM for a long time. Hence, it is with mixed emotions that we are reporting on this segment for the last time.
And just yesterday, you heard from Martin and his management team improved strategy and value proposition. The separation is just one of the many actions we are taking to focus our business on hybrid cloud and AI and improve our financial profile.
To give you some color on IBM's performance excluding Kyndryl, we delivered 2% revenue growth this quarter. That compares to 1% in the second quarter and minus 1% in the first quarter. These results reflect the strong demand for technology products and services that help our clients advance their digital transformation.
Our software revenue growth was led by Red Hat, security, automation and Cloud Paks across our software. Global Business Services, soon to be IBM Consulting, accelerated revenue growth to a double-digit rate. Software and consulting are our 2 main drivers of growth, and this was certainly true this quarter.
I will now expand on the progress we made in the third quarter toward our future. As I have described in the past, we have a platform-centric approach, trying to meet clients wherever they are in their journey. The platform we have built is open, secure and flexible and continues to gain traction in the marketplace. We now have more than 3,500 clients using our hybrid cloud platform, not only fuels our Red Hat revenue performance but also provides a solid base for the multiplier effect across software and services.
IBM Consulting is helping to drive this platform adoption and this quarter, had over 180 new Red Hat engagements. Our teams work alongside our clients to co-create business products and solutions. So far, we have done more than 4,000 IBM garage engagements. In the last quarter, more clients are leveraging our platform capabilities and our expertise to unlock business value. Announced DISH is using IBM software and services to help automate their cloud-native 5G network; Cloud Pak for Network Automation, which is used with AI, automation and orchestration capabilities used by DISH to fine-tune speed levels or coverage areas depending on the needs of specific clients.
Building on our partnership spanning half a century, we announced Crédit Mutuel is creating an IBM technology and skills hub in France. The new hub will help Crédit Mutuel leverage AI, data, cloud and IBM Z.
Also announced a new agreement with CaixaBank, one of the largest banks in Europe, to boost its digital capabilities with IBM Cloud for Financial Services and the new IBM Cloud Multizone Region in Spain. CaixaBank will leverage IBM Consulting industry expertise to move to a hybrid cloud approach for modernization.
This quarter, we continued to leverage our ecosystem to drive what we described at our investor briefing as a flywheel of growth. That is the more we grow, the more our partners grow and vice versa. We're partnering with select GSIs to bring joint solutions to market. This quarter, Atos announced the setup of the Atos Cloud Center of Excellence to help financial services customers with their digital transformation journey.
Also have continued momentum and revenue growth from our partnership with industry-leading ISVs and hyperscalers. [ Quarter ], we are partnering with Adobe to help the British pharmacy chain, Boots, transform their e-commerce platform and deliver new digital customer experiences.
While we invest in partnerships, we also invest organically and inorganically to deliver innovation. We made 16 acquisitions since April 2020, including BoxBoat and Bluetab in the third quarter. These will strengthen our hybrid cloud consulting capability.
In the same manner, we are organically developing new innovations that matter to our clients. I'll mention a few new introductions starting with our innovations in software. In the quarter, Red Hat introduced a new re-architectured version of the Red Hat Ansible automation platform. Red Hat also launched a new version of its advanced cluster management of Kubernetes. These 2 products are now more tightly integrated, which helps drive hybrid cloud automation. 
In addition, the latest version of Red Hat OpenShift became generally available. IBM Cloud Paks run anywhere that OpenShift runs. They use common services such as logging, metering, monitoring and security and are infused with innovations and capabilities from IBM Research to deliver much more value than containerized code. In this quarter, we launched Cloud Pak for Security, SaaS as well as new versions of Cloud Pak for Integration, Cloud Pak for Network Automation and the Maximo application suite.
Also recently announced, our Environmental Intelligence software suite. Product based on our Cloud Pak for Data and leveraging our weather capabilities is designed to help companies measure, monitor and predict environmental outcomes but also to help simplify ESG reporting. As you know, we made a commitment to be net 0 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. We will leverage this solution to inform management as we take action to reach this goal.
Our Systems business, we recently launched Power10. Power10 has unique hardware innovations, including a processor specifically optimized for data-intensive workloads such as SAP S/4HANA. 
During the quarter, we also announced a Telum processor. This 7-nanometer microprocessor is engineered to help clients gain insights from their data at the speed of the workload. At the same time, we've continued to see quantum computing as a promising area of opportunity that will play out in the longer term. Our teams are hard at work to move this exciting field forward. Investors will have an opportunity to learn more about this within the next month.
Let me quickly highlight one ESG announcement we made recently. To help protect the rights and privacy of cloud clients, we have joined other major companies in the tech industry, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Salesforce and SAP, to establish the trusted cloud principles. This initiative is consistent with our long-standing focus on trust and transparency.
Before I transition to Jim, let me reiterate 3 messages we conveyed during our investor briefing. First, we are optimizing our portfolio to drive mid-single-digit revenue growth starting in 2022. Second, we are increasing our focus and agility to better serve clients. Third, we are generating strong free cash flow that enables our investments while providing attractive shareholder returns. This quarter, we took another step towards this future. While much remains to be done, we are confident we can achieve our midterm objectives.
Jim, over to you.

Wamsi, thanks for the question. Look, I'd like to be very clear. I think that any -- and I would not use the word disruption, Wamsi. I would use the word that there may be a slight pause, which is the words that I used in the -- my prepared remarks. I think there's a slight pause, and it'll be the end of third quarter, maybe the beginning of fourth quarter. And we see that fall mostly in hardware and in Kyndryl itself.
By the way, just to add some color, why do you see that? There has been a lot of hardware that actually does flow through Kyndryl. And many people, many of our clients think of that as being an alternate way that they have procured infrastructure in the past. So it's not a surprise given the size of the relationship with all of those clients that we see a pause in some of them. By the way, I think that that's the complete nature of it.
When I look at our pipeline, I look at our sales compensation, I look at our executive compensation, I am completely confident that this will be well behind us by the beginning of '22, meaning by January, well behind us.
And as we also get into a new product cycle on some of the hardware in the first half of '22, I think that'll put it completely behind us. And so my view is that we hold firm to our '22 and forward projections. And this has actually got no long-term or systemic issues that I see, both in the numbers, in the pipelines and in the actual behavior of clients and our people.

Okay. Thanks, Toni. I'll take the first part of that, and then I'll look at Jim for the second part of the question. So Toni, there's 3 parts of it. First, let me acknowledge, yes, our growth rates have to improve, so no question about it. We are not saying we are done.
The 3 elements that will contribute to the growth rate -- and I think a lot of what you were pointing to was towards the software growth rate. I'll say it comes from 3 things. One, we are seeing improvements in our organic, meaning the software we already have. We continue to see that. We expect that, that will improve the software growth rates by a few points. I won't actually say the upper band because I don't expect that the 3 elements I mentioned, all of them, will all return at their upper band. So let's say, 1 or 2 points from the organic growth rate.
Two, we will continue to make acquisitions. So not only do the ones we have made keep contributing because they are growing well into double-digit growth rates or the new ones we make will also contribute to that. Think of that to be in the same range.
The third one, as we're making a lot of changes in our sales compensation as well as in the makeup of our sales team, we talk about the garages. We talk about client success managers leading to more experiential and more technical selling. We believe that'll drive greater deployment and hence, quicker purchases in that segment. And so all of those together will contribute towards a much improved growth rate in the Software segment up to the mid-single digit as I think you're pointing out in some of your math.
I'm not going to debate is it 3%, 4% or 5%. Happy to do that when we have a bit more time. And I'll pass it over to Jim for the second part of the question.

Yes. Thanks, Katy. Yes, certainly, as actually, even Jim acknowledged that we fell maybe 0.5 point short of our own expectations, and we could have done better. Here is where I see it doing better.
First, the one that performed exactly according to what we wanted was Red Hat. Red Hat gave us 17%, which is pretty much what we wanted and expected. 
If I now look at our Transaction Processing Platform, it was a little bit below what we would like because we have been saying that, in a long-term model, that should be more mid-single-digit decliner. But this quarter, it was a high single-digit decliner. We think that as we get past, because that is coupled, I wouldn't call it identical, but it is coupled to some of the infrastructure cycles, I expect that to come back starting in early '22 or maybe late in '21.
Then on our category that is today called AI applications, we were minus 1%. There, I would expect us to get back to mid-single-digit growth.
Now you sort of say, if I put it all together, do we expect to see a tiny bit -- I call it a tiny bit of pausing from people because of everything going on? Yes.
Two, we are turning our incentive models. I spoke on it on the prior question very briefly. Our incentive models for our sales teams are going to be very heavily tuned towards software going forward in '22. That, I believe, will result in better -- much better performance because the only way that they will get anywhere near the target incentives is to make their software number. That is probably for the first time that, that's been true in a long, long time at IBM.
So Katy, that's sort of my view on what happened there and how we will improve going forward.

So Jim, great question. And by the way, I would tell you that I don't think that this year is unique. Maybe there's a touch more issues going on, but I don't think it's unique. I remember 2001 really well. I remember 2007 just before the financial crisis. This is a continuous movie in the technology industry.
Now you said the 3% signings growth. I wouldn't look at the 3%. I would look at our book-to-bill ratio, which is 1.1. And so book to bill gives a much better signal of what the demand is for our forward-looking revenue and demand in our IBM Consulting business.
Now look, labor has to be managed. We have a global labor model. We put people everywhere. And as Jim just mentioned in answers to the prior question that, yes, when you do have inflation in your labor cost, there is an element of it that's going to price through for that side of the business.
In all the rest of the business, actually, I'm not so worried about labor cost. I'm worried about getting the right talent maybe, but that is always a worry that I have, and I've been paranoid about that for 30 years. That's not unique. And I think it's similar to many of your businesses, Jim, like not just yours but all of your colleagues here on this call. 
The right talent is far more important, and our labor cost is important. In the end of the day, it's maybe 15%, 20% of the total cost and expense that is sort of critical towards the other businesses because you can manage the rest.
So net answer to you is, no, it's not something that needs to be modeled in. I don't believe so. But we always have to worry about it in terms of how do we price, how do we get the labor pools, where do we put the labor pools and all of those elements.

So Keith, I'll take the first part of that question on Cloud Paks. So Cloud Paks are not just bundled. They're not just containerizing software. I'll tell you right away, if all you do is bundled software, you'll actually get a price deflation. If all you do is containerized software, there will be no plus or minus. It's just a different way of delivering it.
So I'll take one of the Cloud Paks and maybe use it as a quick example. If I take our Cloud Pak for Data, if I now turn around and tell you that whether we take some of our integration software or whether we take a database software like Db2, and that's all you provide through that, you're right, that's neither plus nor minus. I think it will stay where it is.
However, it's not just putting those in as options. A lot of the Cloud Pak for Data is actually new innovation. It includes methods around data fabric. It includes methods around how do you federate data both from public clouds and from other repositories that are probably not IBM's inside the client's on-premise environment. It contains the data catalog. It contains these ways to be able to do some competition without even moving the data.
That new content added to some of the existing content, so we take advantage of our incumbency, but we get lift because there is more usage overall for these technologies than there was before, is why we are so excited about Cloud Paks and where it gives us both. Yes, some of it is just going to be a movement, but a lot of it is actually increased usage. And hopefully, that sort of made the example clear on how we are driving innovation into the portfolio with that one example.
So Jim, I'll give it to you to address the -- I don't know whether to raise maintenance in ARR or NRR.

Thanks, Jim. Look, first, I'd like to thank all of you for your questions. I thought they were really getting into the details; and hopefully, it helped -- our answers helped you understand our business a lot better.
Let me just make a couple of comments to wrap it up. I hope you took away is that we continue to make this progress this quarter in the key areas. Both myself and Jim highlighted them in our key areas of growth and in our value vectors as we go forward, especially looking into '23. But we'll also acknowledge that we always have more to do.
Importantly, we are on the threshold of the IBM of the future, and we expect to exit the year in a position that delivers on our mid-term model starting in 2022. That is the sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth and the increasing free cash flow that fuels all the investments.
So with that, I look forward to speaking to all of you again.