Thank you for joining us today. In the second quarter, we drove solid results reflecting the investments and changes we have been making to execute our strategy. With this performance, we continue to deliver on our model of mid-single-digit revenue growth. 
Technology plays an important role in today's business environment. In fact, nearly every client I speak to believes that technology serves as a fundamental source of competitive advantage. It serves as both a deflationary force and a force multiplier and is especially critical as clients face challenges on multiple fronts from supply chain bottlenecks to demographic shifts. 
Given its ability to boost innovation, productivity, resilience and help organizations scale, IT has become a high priority in our company's budget. As such, there is every reason to believe technology spending in the B2B space will continue to surpass GDP growth. 
With this demand backdrop, we are executing our hybrid cloud and AI strategy. We have made changes to our portfolio and focused investments in our offerings, technical talent, our ecosystem and go-to-market model. 
Demand for our solutions remains strong. We continue to have double-digit performance in IBM Consulting, broad-based trend in software. And with the z16 platform launch, our infrastructure business had a good quarter. By integrating technology and expertise from IBM and our partners, our clients will continue to see our hybrid cloud and AI solutions as a crucial source of business opportunity and growth. 
Let me now delve a little bit deeper into the progress and the execution of our hybrid cloud and AI strategy. Hybrid cloud is about offering clients a platform that can straddle multiple public clouds, private clouds and on-premise properties, all the way to the edge. Our platform based on Red Hat allows our clients to consume powerful software capabilities driven by open source innovation. Our software has been optimized to run on that platform and includes advanced data and AI, automation and the security capabilities our clients need. Our global team of consultants offers deep business expertise and cocreates with clients to accelerate their digital transformation journeys. Our infrastructure allows clients to take full advantage of an extended hybrid cloud environment. 
As a testament to the success of our strategy, we continue to increase adoption of our platform with over 4,000 hybrid cloud platform clients, including more than 250 added in this past quarter alone. Apart from working with a greater number of clients, those who adopt our platform tend to consume more of our solutions across software, consulting and infrastructure, expanding our footprint within those clients. Recently, clients such as [ P&C ], Barclays and Citi have chosen our hybrid cloud capabilities to unlock more business value and meet rapidly changing client demands. 
Organizations everywhere are also under intense pressure to fast track their digital transformation and harness the power of the data. With the world now creating 2.5 quintillion bytes of data each day, artificial intelligence, or AI, is the only way to process this enormous amount of data from hybrid cloud environments all the way to the edge. That is why AI adoption is steadily on the rise. 
According to a new study released by IBM last quarter, 35% of companies are now using some form of AI in their business. Many of those companies are using AI and automation to address demographic shifts and move their employees to higher value work. This is one of the many reasons we are investing heavily in both AI and automation. These investments are paying off. 
In addition to the strong revenue performance in automation and data and AI software, we recently received 2 important recognitions. We were named as a leader in the latest Gartner Magic Quadrant for APM and Observability and in The Forrester Data Fabric Wave for our Cloud Pak for data. 
Over the last several quarters, I've highlighted the importance of the growing ecosystem of partners to our platform-centric strategy with leading firms like SAP, Salesforce, Adobe, Oracle, Microsoft and AWS. This quarter, we continue to expand and extend our partnerships. I'll expand on just 2. 
We announced a strategic collaboration agreement with AWS to offer a broad array of our software catalog on AWS. This includes capabilities that span Automation, Data & AI, Security and Sustainability. Second, with Tech Mahindra, we launched synergy lounges to empower businesses with the innovation technologies and services for key industries such as telecommunications, manufacturing, banking, health care, energy and utilities. The first synergy lounge was established in Bengaluru with a focus on edge, 5G and software-defined networking solutions with hybrid cloud. This will be followed by the opening of 3 more centers in London, Seattle and Melbourne. 
Clients aren't just simply buying software or hardware. They're entering a relationship with the company that's going to help them navigate the future of technology. This is why innovation and our ability to invent what's next remains so important. 
Quantum is a great example of our commitment to advance the future of technology. Building on our progress of 127 qubit Quantum computer currently in our cloud, we have committed to demonstrate the first 400-plus qubit system before year-end. This will help us move forward towards our road map to deliver 1,000-plus qubit system next year and a 4,000-plus qubit system in 2025. 
One of the implications of quantum computing will be the need to change how information is encrypted. We are proud that technology developed by IBM and our collaborators has been selected by NIST as the basis of the next generation of quantum-safe encryption protocols. 
In another example of innovation, our new z16 system became generally available in the second quarter. The z16 is designed for cloud native development; server security resilience; quantum-safe encryption; and includes an on-chip accelerator, which allows clients to reduce fraud within real-time transactions. 
Given the importance of cybersecurity, in this past quarter, we also acquired Randori, a leading attack surface management and offensive cybersecurity provider. This builds on the recent acquisition of ReaQta and the launch of QRadar XDR. It's one of 2 acquisitions in the second quarter and over 25% in the last 2 years. 
Another major focus area across all stakeholders is ESG, which isn't just a regulatory requirement or about being a good corporate citizen. It's also a business opportunity. A poll conducted by the IBM Institute for Business Value shows that 50% of CEOs see sustainability as one of their highest priorities, and over 80% of CEOs believe their company's sustainability investments will improve business results and accelerate growth. To accomplish this, companies need to leverage AI and to turn the mountains of data they collect into sustainable action. 
SL Green Realty Corporation, Manhattan's largest office landlord, is a recent example. They are using Envizi, an IBM solution to manage their easy indicators across their extensive real estate operations, including energy use, carbon emissions and environmental and social responsibility metrics. 
Let me wrap up by saying that given the strength of our portfolio, the need for our technology and expertise with the benefits we're yielding from any actions, we remain confident in our ability to deliver revenue in 2022 at the high end of our mid-single-digit model. 
Now let me hand it over to Jim, who will give you more detail on our second quarter performance and add color on our expectations for the balance of the year.

Thank you, Erik, for the question. Let me start off by just -- we feel very good about the Red Hat business, and we see very strong demand continuing. That said, we had said late last year that we expect growth in Red Hat to be in the upper teens. We continue to make that expectation. It's what we are going to continue with. Erik, I think I heard you start to say deferred revenue. That accounts for the bulk of what has been the difference in the growth rates and coming down from last year to this year, and I'll let Jim add a bit of color on to that.

Toni, let me start by first addressing the $35 billion free cash flow question, and then I'll hand it to Jim. We are absolutely committed to our $35 billion total free cash flow cumulative over '22 through '24. And we still see very good signs, and we have confidence in delivering that number. And so with that, you said the bridge to that and then the 2Q to 3Q dynamics, I'll hand it to Jim for those.

Great. So Wamsi, let me address the first part of your question. We had very balanced performance in constant currency across geographies and actually across the different businesses. Now because of currency, the actual performance will be different in different geographies, but double-digit performance in the Americas, in Europe as well as in Asia Pacific. 
Jim laid out the numbers on the different business performances. He talked about at constant currency, 12% in software, 18% in consulting, 19% in infrastructure. Those are really strong performances, I believe. As we go forward, you should expect to see us maintain, and we said, we talked about we'll remain in the mid-single digits on software. We will get towards the low end of double digits in consulting, which is actually up from our previous high single-digit margin, and infrastructure will benefit from the Z cycle. So all in, that's very balanced across the portfolio and across the geographies, and that then contributes towards our confidence in the revenue profile for the rest of the year.

Okay. So Keith, a lot to unpack in that question. If I look at our pipelines, our pipelines are remaining pretty healthy. So I would tell you that right now, what we are seeing is that the second half at this point, looks pretty consistent to the first half. When we look at our pipelines, whether it's in Red Hat or mainframe software or Automation, Data & AI, Security and by geography. 
So this is a little bit different, which is why you've heard me often say I'm a bit more optimistic than many of my peers, both within the industry and across the board because we see that technology, and Jim has also said this as of I, is deflationary. So in an inflationary environment when clients take our technology, deploy it, leverage our consulting. It acts as a counterbalance to all of the inflation and all of the labor demographics that people are facing all over the globe. So that is the reason on software. 
Second, on consulting correlated to the economic cycle, and maybe we see much less of that this time around because of the nature of our consulting. If you look at it, a lot of our consulting is around deploying back-office applications, critical applications, supply chain resilience, worrying about cash conversion, worrying about optimization of our -- of the costs within our clients. Those tend to get more attention actually in, I'll call it, at least a slight down cycle. They're not. 
Third, Look, consulting is very labor-based. Jim talked a lot about the demand and the supply. But to be completely clear, in a business where you do hire tens of thousands of people because of the scale of it, you do churn in the neighborhood of tens of thousands each year. That gives you an automatic way to hit a pause in some of the profit controls because if you don't see the demand coming, you're going to slow down your supply side. And it -- you get kind of at least a 10% to 20% impact that you can pretty quickly control, not in a given month, but certainly within a half year or thereabouts. 
On M&A, actually, I'll say it before Jim will. We have said that our model is about 1 point to 1.5 points each year based on M&A. And if you look at last year, that was pretty consistent. If you look at this year, look, the year is not over, but you should expect it to stay in that range. And it's a mix between consulting acquisitions and software acquisitions, and the multiples that we've been getting them at still imply that range. So I think we'll give you that answer, and we expect it to stay there. 
So let me wrap up the call. So let me just say, we are very pleased with our solid first half performance. As we look to the second half, we are going to focus on the execution of our strategy, delivering sustained revenue and free cash flow growth. And I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon.