Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining today, and I'm pleased to be speaking with the investment community again. Over the next 15 minutes, I'll talk about where we stand in the execution of our strategy as we begin 2021 and how we are running the company to align with the strategy. I'll provide a perspective on the current environment and our results. Then in the spirit of being as transparent with you as possible, I will speak to our expectations for the next 2 years. Jim Kavanaugh will then cover the quarter, give more detail on the separation process for our Managed Infrastructure Services business. I've also asked Martin Schroeter to join us to make a few comments as the recently named CEO of this business. Jim will conclude with additional color on our 2021 expectations, and then Jim and I will take your questions. I'd ask you to please bear with us if we go slightly longer than usual on this call. 
When I was appointed CEO in April, I laid out my approach to growing the value of the company which is straightforward. We will significantly increase our focus on our hybrid cloud and AI capabilities, the 2 most important transformational journeys for our clients. In the 9 months since then, we have taken a series of important actions to redefine our future as a hybrid cloud platform and AI company. This is where we are focusing the bulk of our efforts, time and investments. 
In spite of the many challenges in 2020, we have made good progress. In 2021, and we believe you will see that progress showing up in our results. With that said, we know it's not necessarily going to be a straight line. The operating environment remains difficult because of what clients are experiencing at the moment. We can see that in the quarter just past. Our revenue was slightly behind typical seasonality, but we finished strong in free cash flow, which is important as it's the fuel for investments. 
Our performance reflects the fact that our clients continue to deal with the effects of the pandemic and broader uncertainty of the macro environment. This puts additional pressure on larger software transactions this quarter and project delays in some services engagements. 
Our revenue growth was also impacted by IBM-specific headwinds of our product cycle and compare challenges. Notwithstanding the short-term market dynamics, we believe we have the plans in place and the focus inside the business to be able to grow in 2021. 
That said, in the midst of all this, I'm seeing an ever greater need from clients to accelerate their digital transformation, and this bodes very well for us now and over the long term. As I've told you before, the opportunity in hybrid cloud and AI is enormous. In fact, we see the hybrid cloud opportunity at $1 trillion, with less than 25% of workloads having moved to the cloud so far. 
Our approach is platform centric. Linux, along with containers and Kubernetes, provides the foundation of our hybrid cloud platform. And Red Hat OpenShift is the core product that captures all this and more. Our hybrid cloud approach is also differentiated by a vast software portfolio, modernized to run cloud-native, and our GBS expertise which plays a key role in driving consumption and is currently helping hundreds of major clients on their own hybrid cloud journeys.  
With this foundation in place, we are successfully leveraging Red Hat as a unique platform to address what our global, complex and highly regulated clients need. A hybrid cloud platform that is open, flexible and secure. Our hybrid cloud approach allows clients to connect their back office to their front office to modernize mission-critical workloads, to build cloud-native apps and to securely deploy and manage data and applications across various clouds. We are confident that we have the right strategy for our clients and for IBM. 
Let me comment on some of the proof points we have seen over the last few months as we execute on our hybrid cloud platform and AI strategy. First, to drive leadership and focus as a hybrid cloud platform company, a key element of this strategy is to win the architectural battle in cloud. And with our cloud foundation in place, client consumption continues to grow. We now have 2,800 clients using our platform, a number which has grown 40% over the last year. In the fourth quarter, clients such as Barclays, Walmart, GEICO, Airbus, Ford, ABB are all leveraging our hybrid cloud platform to accelerate their own digital transformation journeys. We're also making good headway in our focus on industry clouds which are designed to tackle the specific needs of mission-critical and highly regulated industries.  
Following the successful launch of our cloud for financial services last year with more than 75 IS suites and SaaS partners, including Adobe, Infosys Finacle, Persistent Systems and many others, we launched our cloud for telecommunications in November. So far, more than 35 partners have joined our cloud for telecommunications. For example, Samsung is working with IBM and Red Hat to develop new user experiences for business. We're also helping major companies like Verizon, Vodafone Idea, Bharti Airtel and AT&T to transform their IT and telecom network operations. 
Second, to be the trusted partner of clients for data and AI. The opportunity in AI is massive, while the current enterprise deployment rate is in the single digits. Clients are now at the point where they are moving from experimenting with AI to deploying it at scale. To seize this opportunity, our AI platform is focused on data, automation and security, and now includes more than 30,000 clients who have turned to IBM to unlock value from their data. We're helping clients across industries build intelligent workflows by infusing AI into their core business processes, such as hiring, supply chain and customer service. 
When it comes to data and AI, trust is paramount. IBM is unique in that we make a hard commitment not to monetize or use our clients' data. We also offer the industry's strongest commercially available cryptographic technology. And we give clients the ability to retain control of their own encryption keys. 
In the fourth quarter, clients such as Air Canada, Sprint T-Mobile, State Street and Humana used our rich data and AI capabilities to drive business outcomes. 
As we look forward, we are also investing to develop and address future market opportunities, such as quantum computing. Quantum has the potential to unlock hundreds of billions of dollars of value for our clients by the end of the decade. To seize this opportunity, we have a road map to build 1,000-plus qubit quantum computer by 2023, and we have expanded our suite of quantum computers on which our clients are working today. 
I want to now spend a couple of minutes on a series of significant changes we are making to the company, most since just the beginning of October. We know that a platform-centric strategy requires a fundamentally different way of doing business. This is why our operating model is to be quietly but substantially reshaped. These decisive moves are all aimed at creating value through greater focus on our portfolio, our operating model and the needs of our clients. And as they take hold, they will help us to deliver sustainable, mid-single-digit revenue growth post-separation. 
To drive greater focus on our portfolio, we announced the separation of our Managed Infrastructure Services business in October. As I just mentioned, this month, we appointed Martin Schroeter as this new company's CEO. Martin has a unique understanding of the business, its global talent base and 4,600 clients. You'll hear from him shortly. 
So much remains to be done. We are on track to complete the spin by the end of the year. We are working closely with clients to ensure a smooth transition, while we are also renewing business and signing new deals. We have a comprehensive project management office to establish the new entity and to optimize the business. I can tell you, there's a great deal of excitement among our employees about the opportunities ahead for this new company. 
To strengthen our hybrid cloud and AI portfolio, we have announced 10 acquisitions since I became CEO and 7 acquisitions just since October. This includes 5 in global business services, which add skills to help our clients with their journeys to cloud; Red Hat's first acquisition as part of IBM that add cloud-native security capabilities for OpenShift. Our investments in organic and inorganic growth and in our people will continue to be sharply focused on both hybrid cloud and AI. 
To accelerate consumption of our hybrid cloud platform, we are also rapidly expanding our ecosystem by adding hundreds of new partnerships with global system integrators, independent software vendors and major third-party software partners and also elevating the role of partners. We're investing $1 billion in our ecosystem so that our partners can play a much bigger role in fulfilling the many needs of our clients. 
As an example, we recently teamed up with Salesforce to deliver a new strategic contact-tracing platform for the U.K. National Health Services to help them in their fight against COVID-19. Salesforce and IBM have also joined forces to address key challenges such as vaccine management using IBM's Sterling supply chain solution, and our blockchain-based digital health pass together with Salesforce's vaccine management and CRM capabilities. 
To simplify and transform the way we engage clients, earlier this month, we announced a new go-to-market model. The first aspect is that we have simplified our sales model by adopting a single consistent segmentation which will make it easier for clients to work with us and unlock a great deal of productivity. In addition, we are providing clients with a more technical and experiential approach with investment in presales garages that allow us to co-create with our clients earlier in the sales process. And we're ensuring our sales organization is fully incentivized towards our strategic growth areas. Finally, we're investing in and elevating the role of our ecosystem partners to deliver more value to clients. 
Let me say a few words about the changes we're bringing to our culture. Since I became CEO, I've talked a great length about the importance of culture and the need to instill a growth and entrepreneurial mindset. As part of that, we are encouraging more business risk-taking and ensuring a higher tolerance for failure across the business. This should allow us to more quickly respond to clients, seize more opportunities and drive better business outcomes. 
I'm only scratching the surface of all the actions we have taken to sharpen our focus. As a result, we are running the company differently as we begin 2021. I'm convinced that all these changes will allow us to deepen our client footprint and open up new avenues for growth. 
Now let me speak to our expectations for the next 2 years. All of the actions I've taken are designed to drive growth, and we expect to deliver sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth post-separation, with strong free cash flow performance. 
How do we achieve this? First, through the continued strong growth of Red Hat, which has grown 18% on a normalized basis in 2020 and will be an even larger contributor to revenue growth post-separation. Second, with improvement in the Global Business Services trajectory, we expect GBS to return to its pre-pandemic growth rate by the middle of the year. Third, by leveraging our expanded ecosystem to further contribute to both GBS and software. And we'll finally start to see the benefit from the investments we are making, both organic and inorganic. These will all contribute to an improving software trajectory as well. 
In the first half of the year, we expect our results to continue to reflect some of our current challenges as well as our product cycle dynamics. And of course, all year, we'll be working on the separation of Managed Infrastructure Services. But these are not long-term trends in the business, and these headwinds will dissipate. 
In 2021, the significant changes we have made to focus on hybrid cloud and AI will also begin to take hold. The company will look different at the end of the year, particularly with the execution of the spin-out, but also with the operational changes to sharpen our focus. 
At a high level, in 2021, we expect to grow revenues at current spot rates, with better performance in the second half than the first half. This is the first step towards achieving mid-single-digit revenue growth post-separation. And we expect to generate between $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash flow. These are the measures we are focused on. This is where we stand today and how we will operate to achieve our growth goal. Jim will cover all this in more detail. Over to you, Jim.

Wamsi, thanks for the question. Look, we expect to see improving software performance through the year, both in '21 and headed into '22. As Jim said in the prepared remarks, a lot of the shortfall in software came from the TPP segment. And in that segment, as you know, we intend to have very large deals that tend to come in the fourth quarter. So it was somewhat unique in 2020, and that is not something we expect to see at the same scale going forward. So the headwinds in some sense will reduce because of the reduction in that aspect. 
Then on the positive side, we expect to see continued Red Hat growth. We expect to see continued growth from our Cloud Paks. We expect to see continued growth as the sales force changes we have made drive a much greater focus across IBM on this part of the portfolio, both in Cloud & Data Platform, and on the AI applications. 
We also expect to see, as Jim mentioned, that as the security and the IoT assets within the applications become larger and larger with the growth there, they will more than compensate for some of the other pieces that may not be so big because just the law of compounding is going to get us there. 
And lastly, remember, other than all the organic actions, we are also doing inorganic actions. You saw us announce both Instana and StackRox in the last couple of months. And these and other future acquisitions would also drive growth because they help the entire portfolio, not just acquired pieces. Jim?

Amit, so in terms of the client feedback, we have talked about that we are going to do a lot of high-touch treatment of all these clients. These are really important clients for us. As both Jim and Martin said, they are our most important clients in very important industries for the overall economy.  
As we have talked to all of the clients, we have, by and large, gotten very positive feedback. Over 98% of them are quite satisfied with our description of what will happen, both are in terms of their contracts, the service they'll get from us and the assured guarantee of access to technical resources, both from the new company and from IBM over time. 
As that plays through, we see that. As Jim mentioned, and he touched on it very briefly, we do measure how our clients think of us. We call it Net Promoter Score measurements, and we are seeing that those have gone up, not down. So we feel comfortable that the clients will go through it. 
Now all that said, maybe a few clients are going to pause on certain project elements given their own business. And so in that -- in the GTS business, clients are allowed to dial volumes up a little bit or down a little bit based on their own performance. That is built into these contracts. So given let's say what's happening in the overall economy, you see some of that play through in both directions. And that is the large cause of that. 
The other side of it, which is the new logos, gives us confidence that the performance should be on an improving trajectory going into 2021. So with that, let me give it to Jim, both to sort of add a little bit more color on the financials there and to just to repeat what he said about the Form 10.

Thanks, Jim. And Toni, I'll address some of the software pieces, but you asked a question about the mid-single-digit growth in 2022. So Toni, let me try and just deconstruct it a little bit.
Red Hat continues to have very strong performance, mid- to maybe high-teens growth. And as it gets bigger and bigger, that's a bigger contributor to the total. Second, GBS is going to return to pre-pandemic levels by midyear, and we actually expect it to accelerate from there. But into 2022, we'll see better growth from there.
In systems, as you know, we are not going to see the product cycle dynamics as headwinds but as tailwinds going into 2022, albeit the absolute numbers are not necessarily that big. Our ecosystem investments that we are making, they benefit both GBS and software. And by ecosystem, I mean, both small and big partners that we work with who are pulling both services and software.
So when we see, for example, Salesforce, or Adobe, or ServiceNow or Workday, they all tend to pull a lot of our services work. We also partner, by the way, with the other hyperscaling clouds, both Microsoft and Amazon, and that tends to pull a lot of GBS work. On the other side, we are also partnering with a lot of smaller software vendors, and they tend to pull a lot of our software along with it. So that is there.
Now you asked about the inorganic and organic. I'll call it, the business as usual in organic is included in my mid-single-digit assessment. So by business as usual, it's just what we do. You've seen us do this for the last 3 quarters now. So deals like that would be included. And that -- for example, we did Instana and StackRox in software. Now we did 5 others in services. They're not very large, but they do tend to pull the overall business.
That is what gives me confidence that as we get through all of this, we got 1, 2, 3 growth vectors and 1 kind of flat vector going into 2022. And that is what gives us confidence about the overall growth going there.

Yes. So Katy, why don't I start on why we gave the guidance on revenue and on free cash flow. And then I think Jim will get into the details on your other parts of the question.
Look, I've been sort of clear. I want to measure the company on revenue growth. Revenue growth is the most important metric that I am focused on. And so we talked about the revenue growth, both for this year and for next year, which is unusual for us.
The second part, in order to get revenue growth, we need to be able to do investments. Investments are driven by free cash flow. And on free cash flow, it's a very clean number. So you can see what that is. And we've talked about that with complete transparency, both on what it is going to be and why it will grow also from '21 to '22.
That's also what we're going to measure our people on internally, and that will let then our investors know what we are measuring on. So that's why those are the 2 numbers that we are focused on driving. That's the numbers we're focused there on giving you so you could hold us accountable to those. Jim?

Tien-Tsin. So maybe let me start about the conviction on revenue growth. So look, from what we can see, compared to what we saw last year, which is why we did not provide guidance in 2020, or rather we pulled guidance back in April. We feel that the economy, while there is uncertainty, certainly better than it was last year, so we don't expect to see anything worse compared to last year. 
If anything, we talked about the second half being better because we expect as we get through that -- there is going to be more demand. These projects are going to go forward. And as we look underneath because also in the questions that Matt had about Red Hat and modernization, you can also see that people are signing up for bigger and bigger projects around modernization because they need to move on to their businesses also. There's only so long that you can belt tighten and not come out worse. So they're getting past their belt-tightening, we think, somewhere in the next 6 months.
So that is why we have a lot more conviction. And that is why you heard Jim talk about the color from first half to second half and going forward into 2022, of an increasing trajectory, and he talked about that there is going to be growth for the remaining company at both current -- both spot rates and at constant currency. So that is why we have conviction. 
When we look at our underlying backlogs, when we look at our pipelines and we look at the demand profiles across those parts of the business. Hence, the conviction in the revenue growth. Jim?

David. Look, this is something I'm deeply, deeply passionate about, so I'm happy to talk about this. Look, every model has its time and then it's time to evolve. So we are evolving in reaction to client needs. And we had sort of operated with our, call it, a more homogeneous model that kind of went across all our segments, all our clients for a long time.
So what are we doing? There is a set of clients who do tend to buy, I'll call it, a lot of IBM. Let's call them they need the integrated value of IBM. We're calling that the first segment. So in this first segment, we are also going to make extra investments in them being able to experience IBM technically. So we are using the term garages. We have people who go in there and work side-by-side with the client, well, virtually right now. As well as being able to have a lot of focus on deployment, and we'll pay the people on deployment, not on selling. So this first segment is going to have that attention with extra assisting. So they should see a lot of positive, and we expect to see growth coming out of our garages and our deployment manages.
Then there is a segment which is largely going to be channel ready. So there, we do get, as Jim talked about, operational leverage, you don't need the other people. The channel is quite capable, but rather put more money into the channel and work with them to go after that. That's the other end of the spectrum.
Then there is a set of clients, let's call it, between these 2 spectrums, they tend to buy mostly from 1 or 2 parts of IBM. So they deeply value the specialists but they don't need the generalists who were covering them. So we're going to take that money and then pour it into more specialists who can then cover those clients.
So there is a first segment which does have an integrated value. There is the top half of the second segment, which is going to be much more specialists. You can think of them as being technology-led sales, by and large. And then there is going to be a large part, which is ecosystem-led, whether system integrators, resellers, distributors, et cetera. We believe that this simplicity is going to drive a lot more outcome for us and for our clients.
And by the way, we are also going to ensure that this is the structure that all parts of IBM have. So it's not that different parts of IBM will have slightly different client segmentations. It's completely consistent across all. 
This, we believe, unlocks a few points of revenue growth. So you said impactful. I expect that this will unlock a few points of revenue growth, albeit, let me acknowledge that it probably takes 6 months to flow through the system.

Yes. Thanks, Pat. So we covered a lot today, so let me just make a couple of really quick comments to wrap this up. We are confident in our strategy. We're taking the actions that will accelerate this change. We expect to grow in 2021 with an improving trajectory through the year. And with all of that, we will look different at the end of 2021 than we do today.
I look forward to continuing this dialogue with you. Thank you, everyone.