Thanks, Brian. Q1 was truly an outstanding start to 2018. Our transformation to a data-centric company continues to build momentum. Revenue was a first quarter record of $16.1 billion, up 13% year-over-year. Operating income was $4.8 billion, up 21% year-over-year. And EPS of $0.87 was up 32% year-over-year. 
From a capital allocation perspective, we generated $6.3 billion of cash flow from operations and returned $3.3 billion to shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividend. As a result of the strength we are seeing in the business, we are raising our full year revenue guide by $2.5 billion to $67.5 billion. We're raising our EPS guide by $0.30 to $3.85. And we're raising our free cash flow guide by $1.5 billion to $14.5 billion. 
Our Q1 results demonstrated continued momentum in our transformation from a PC-centric company to a data-centric company. Intel's data-centric businesses were up 25% collectively with each business individually growing double digits. Our data-centric businesses are now approaching 50% of our revenue, an all-time high. 
Our PC-centric business was up 3% on strength in notebook, desktop and modem. DCG strong cash flows fund Intel's investment in new data-centric growth. 
As a reminder, we adopted a new revenue recognition standard in Q1. The new standard drove $462 million in incremental Q1 revenue recognition. This predominantly affected CCG and NSG. By year-end, we expect roughly half of this to net out. 
Moving to Q1 earnings. We generated significant EPS expansion in the quarter, up 32% year-on-year. Our non-GAAP EPS improvement was driven by strong top line growth, a 3-point improvement in operating margins and an 11-point reduction in our effective tax rate. The 3-point improvement in operating margins were driven by a 4-point reduction in spending, partially offset by a 1 point decline in gross margin. The 1 point decline in gross margin was driven by growth in our adjacencies, which have lower gross margins than our CPU products. 
From a spending standpoint, versus last year, we delivered $1.3 billion more revenue on $200 million less spending. 
As a second reminder, we adopted a new mark-to-market standard for our equity investments. In 2017, all realized gains and losses were recorded in our non-GAAP results. But in 2018, all mark-to-market adjustments flow through earnings. In an effort to eliminate volatility, we have excluded these adjustments from our non-GAAP results. Our Q1 GAAP EPS included approximately $0.13 for mark-to-market gains in our ICAP portfolio that were excluded from our non-GAAP results. 
We are also making excellent progress in our operating efficiencies. In January, we pulled in our 30% spending goal from 2020 to 2019, and we're off to a good start in 2018. Total spending was down 4% year-over-year in the quarter. R&D spending as a percentage of revenue was down approximately 2 points. And our SG&A costs were down over 2 points. Our intensity on spending is designed to accelerate top line growth, and it is paying off. Currently, as a result of strong top line growth, we now expect to meet our 30% spending target in 2018, 2 years ahead of our original expectations. 
Let me touch briefly on our Q1 performance by segment. The Data Center Group delivered a great quarter, much better than expected. DCG revenue of $5.2 billion was up 24% year-over-year, and operating income of $2.6 billion grew 75%. Q1 operating margin was 50%. Overall, unit volume was up 16%, and ASPs were up 7%. 
We saw broad-based demand strength in Q1 with customer preference for high-performance products driving richer ASPs. Cloud and comms service providers segments were greater than 60% of the data center business. And this was the first quarter our cloud business has surpassed $2 billion in revenue, which made it our largest segment in the first quarter. 
Additionally, we redefined our expanded TAM for DCG to markets beyond the CPU, like silicon photonics, Fabric, network ASICs and 3D XPoint memory. These adjacent businesses are gaining traction and grew 16% year-over-year. DCG performance in all segments was better than our January forecast, and we expect that strength to continue to aid DCG momentum through the second quarter. 
Our additional data-centric businesses, IoTG, NSG and PSG, are becoming a larger component of our overall business, growing 18% year-over-year in the quarter. Our Internet of Things business achieved revenue of $840 million, growing 17% year-over-year, driven by strength in video and continued momentum in retail. Operating profit was $227 million, up 116% year-over-year on higher revenue and lower spending as we shifted our ADAS investments to Mobileye. 
As you heard from Brian, the Mobileye business is going strong. Q1 revenue was $151 million. And while it's early in the journey, we are on track to our deal thesis. 
Our memory business broke the $1 billion in quarterly revenue for the first time, up 20% year-over-year with strong demand for data center SSD solutions. 
We reduced our operating losses by $48 million with strong gigabyte demand and unit cost reductions more than offsetting ASP reductions. 
The transition to 64 3D NAND is improving our cost while we invest in and expand our Dalian factory. We expect the second half of '18 to be balanced between supply and demand, and we continue to expect this segment to be profitable for the full year of 2018. 
The Programmable Solutions Group had revenue of $498 million with 17% growth, driven by strength in data center and the embedded segments. Operating profit was $97 million, up 5% year-over-year. The PSG team continues to perform and execute well. Our advanced FPGA products, those at 28-, 20- and 14-nanometer, grew over 40% in the quarter. In fact, PSG won more customer designs in Q1 than in any prior quarter. 
Finally, the Client Computing Group had another strong quarter. Revenues of $8.2 billion were up 3%, and operating margins were down 4 points due to 10-nanometer transition cost and growth in our modem business. 
Our PC-centric business continues to perform well in a challenging but improving market and serves as a significant source of cash flow for the company. We saw strength in the commercial and gaming businesses, and we believe the worldwide PC supply chain is operating at healthy levels. 
We've laid out our capital allocation priorities: invest organically, expand acquisitively and return capital to our shareholders, and do it wisely. We continue to execute to these priorities. We generated $6.3 billion in cash from operations. This included $1.7 billion in cash received from NAND customer supply agreement. We invested $2.9 billion in CapEx and delivered $3.4 billion in free cash flow, up 73% year-over-year. We returned almost 100% of free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of $1.9 billion in buybacks and $1.4 billion in dividends, a 10% increase per share over last year. 
Now moving to our full year outlook. Our strategy is working, and our investments are paying off. We are now forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $67.5 billion, up $2.5 billion versus our expectations in January. We expect operating margin of approximately 31%, up 1 point from January as spending as a percent of revenue drops to approximately 30%. 
Versus prior estimates, gross margin will be approximately flat as broad-based strength in our business is offset by the higher cost associated with the 10-nanometer volume production shift to 2019. 
We now expect a full year tax rate of 13%, 1 point down versus our prior estimate. Overall, stronger top line growth, improved operating margins and a lower tax rate will boost EPS to $3.85, up $0.30 versus prior estimate. From a cash flow perspective, we are increasing our free cash flow to $14.5 billion, up $1.5 billion from January. We now expect net capital deployed of approximately $12.5 billion, up $500 million versus the expectations we set in January. This reflects gross CapEx of approximately $14.5 billion offset by approximately $2 billion of customer prepayments for memory supply agreement. 
In Q2, we expect strong growth to continue. We are forecasting the midpoint of the revenue range at $16.3 billion, up 10% year-over-year. We expect operating margin of approximately 30%, up 1 point versus last year, which reflects approximately 1.5 point decrease in gross margin and a 2.5 to 3-point decline in spending. 
We expect EPS of $0.85, up 31% excluding equity adjustments from strong top line growth, spending reductions and a lower tax rate. 
To sum it up, we believe 2018 will be another record year for Intel. We've met and exceeded our financial commitments, and we feel great about where we are relative to our 3-year plan. Our PC-centric team keeps winning in a challenging market, and our data-centric businesses are growing fast, fueling Intel's transformation to a company that powers the cloud in smart connected devices. 
With that, let me turn it over to Mark, and we'll get to your questions.

The only thing, Ross, that I would add is in terms of our outlook in the more near term, our outlook for the year is kind of continued strength in the second quarter similar to the first quarter. And -- but beyond that, it's probably a little cloudier. I think we are benefiting from global macroeconomic environment. I think the higher earning is -- higher earnings and the ability to deduct IT related expenditures, I think is giving CIOs a little more money to spend. And we see ourselves benefiting from that through the first half of the year. 
Second half is going to be a little bit of a wait and see as to whether the short-term dynamics continue into the second half. But you go back to Brian's comments, I think the -- what we do know is the -- this increased demand for compute data, analytics, storage, rapid retrieval is what's really driving the demand for high performance compute. And not only do we see the unit volume strength but also the ASP strength, which we think is a function of Intel-related products.

And on the gross margin question, the strong -- both volume and ASP performance in the first quarter contributed to gross margins being 2 points ahead of kind of our expectations at the beginning of the year. So we saw that real good performance on top line flowing through in the first quarter. What we indicated for the full year, though, there's no change in our full year gross margin. That essentially is a function of continued volume and ASP strength but partially offset by yields that are improving, but not quite at the rate that we had anticipated on 10-nanometer. 
And secondly, our cost associated with -- we expected, at the end of the year, that we'll have pre-PRQ reserves that will be a little bit higher as we shift into 2019. So strong first quarter, strong for the full year, but those 10-nanometer costs will be a little bit of a drag. We step back, we still look at kind of gross margins for the full year that are at the high end of kind of our historical range in the 60% to 65% range, which is good. And for us, that's despite the fact that we're getting really solid growth from our lower margin, but earnings-accretive businesses like modem and memory.

First, I'm not -- probably not throw a whole lot in 2019 as we focus on trying to execute what we believe will be an outstanding 2018. But I think there's a few dynamics that we've been wrestling with. As you know, over the last couple of years we've seen a gap between earnings and cash flow, and it's really been driven by a couple of things. One, success and by that, I mean, accelerating rates of growth and the additional capital that goes along with that growth, both CapEx and inventory levels. So those have been one of the drivers. Secondly, we brought on 10-nanometer equipment but haven't necessarily put it to use yet. So that's a cash driver without an impact on earnings. And third, memory is in the investment phase. So those 3 things have really been what's been driving the gap, and we've done a few things in light of that, that you're aware of. One, memory, we engage in the strategic supply agreements that you mentioned, which really for us is a sign that our customers are excited and committed to the technologies that we're building such that we can help -- we can use their money to help fund the scaling of the business. And we think that's a good, positive short, medium and long-term move. And the other thing, just if you think about, Stacy, kind of how we guided this year, you have earnings -- if you don't give us credit for the ICAP gains last year and strip that out, you see earnings growth that's roughly 25%, 26% and you see free cash flow growth that's in the mid-30s. So you'll start to see that gap narrowing as we go through the course of this year. And then the other thing is we're going to make a fairly significant cash tax payment in 2018 as a result of the ICAP gains from last year, and that's roughly $1.2 billion that's going to weigh on our cash flows this year. If you strip that out for a second, what you see during the course of 2018 is roughly 25% earnings growth and roughly 50% free cash flow growth, and that gap begins to narrow while we're accelerating the growth rate of the business. So those are -- that's kind of the dynamics in terms of how we're deploying capital for accelerating top line growth and the improvements on free cash flow relative to earnings per share this year. As we get through the course of 2018, we'll start to shed a little more light on what that means for 2019 later in the year.

No, it's -- maybe all 3. First, we do expect the adjacencies throughout the course of the year to continue to grow faster than the rest of the business, if you will. So that will have a compression kind of effect throughout the course of the year. Secondly, yes, 10-nanometer will be a headwind. And third, for data center growth, while we're kind of expecting strong growth through the first half of the year, the second half of the year implied in our guidance is a deceleration. And if you put it in the context of kind of the updated guide, we have data-centric growth going from mid-teens to higher teens. And you can attribute virtually all of that to DCG because obviously it's the biggest component. But we do expect there to be deceleration for DCG growth from first half to second half for sure. We hope we're wrong, but where we sit right now, we see the trends continuing to Q2. But we'll have tougher comps. We'll have tougher competition going into the second half, and we're going to wait to July to see kind of how we see the trends we've experienced through the first 4 months of the year play out for the second half.

Yes, the -- just the CapEx that we took up, $0.5 billion is really a function of the incremental $2.5 billion of revenue. So of course, when we came into the year, we guided a logic CapEx of roughly $10.5 billion, and we had full year revenue of $65 billion. So we've taken $65 billion up to 67 50. That's going to require roughly $0.5 billion additional CapEx for the second half of the year and as we go into 2019. So it's the best I've ever felt about a CapEx increase, and it's a result of $2.5 billion more revenue and that the CapEx increase, as we indicated, will generate an additional $1.5 billion of free cash flow as well.

First, no real changes. As Brian mentioned, it's our first $1 billion order in Q1. We feel good about the demand that we're seeing. Demand -- gigabyte demand is relatively strong. Our cost per gigabyte coming out of our Dalian fab continues to trend down. And at the same time, we see ASPs were down a bit. But as we go through the rest of the year, we see demand and supply to be relatively well balanced. We are ramping [ mod a ] in Dalian. So that is in the early stages of the ramp that's costing a little bit. Continued gigabyte demand, continuing to scale the Dalian fab and continuing to come down the gigabyte -- the cost per gigabyte curve are all contributing to what we believe will be a continued growth and profitability for the business for the full year.

Yes, great question. First, 606, what we expect for the full year, we had a strong benefit in the first quarter and roughly half of that unwinds during the course of the year. So it contribute to growth in Q1. It will unwind itself throughout the course of the year. So full year impact will be likely -- at this stage of the game, we get more around $200 million to $250 million, but it unwinds through the next several quarters. I think your second question, John, was Wind River. Our assumptions are that we will complete the sale of that business at the end of the second quarter. So it's in our second quarter guide, but it's a component of the first half to second half deceleration. The third question, I think it relates to in the first quarter we had good volume, operating margin flow-through to EPS. In the second quarter, the flow-through is not as rich. And the fundamental reason is we have some below-the-line charges associated with, a, the 2039 convertible securities that we have outstanding that have a exchange feature associated with them. And as people, as we hit a certain stock price, our holders can exercise that exchange feature. The implications are there's a noncash charge associated with that, which goes through our interest and other line that's negative. The good aspects of it is all else equal, it reduces our outstanding, our diluted shares and we avoid a coupon going forward. But that will have -- as more people exercise that exchange feature, we'll see that noncash charge below the line. So that's causing a little bit of a drag on the operating income growth flowing through to the EPS in Q2.

You're right. I will shed more light on that later. No, but I think, look, the trends that you've seen over the last couple of years is in -- it's kind of how we frame things back at our Analyst Day early last year, I guess. And that is that we're going to see an expanded TAM and with that expanded TAM, accelerating growth in areas that have lower gross margins. And that we expect over time that there will be a modest degradation in gross margins as a result of growing earnings in different segments. But at the same time, we've said that, that gross margin modest erosion, we believe, will be offset by continued -- both continuing to invest in the critical priorities, but getting leverage on our existing spending base. So with that, I think you're going to have a natural offset, and we're 2 years ahead of our targets to get to 30%. We're excited about the accelerating growth of the company, and we do believe that as we continue to accelerate growth and invest in key priorities that our leverage on spending continue to come down.