Thanks, Trey, and thank you all for joining our call. Amid a very challenging environment, cloud and network infrastructure and PC capabilities have been vital in allowing businesses and people to continue to work, learn, stay connected and provide critical goods and services. Those trends contributed to a very strong quarter in which we generated $19.7 billion in revenue and delivered $1.23 in earnings per share. We exceeded our guidance by $1.2 billion on the top line and $0.13 on the bottom line. Our data-centric businesses grew 34% and drove approximately 52% of the company's revenue, and our PC-centric businesses grew 7%.
I continue to be amazed by our employees and supply chain partners who have diligently worked to keep our business operating at a high level during this unprecedented challenge. COVID-19 has driven redesigned workflows and added additional environmental stress that I know has strained employees and ecosystem partners as they try to maintain productivity in this new world. I want to thank our employees and partners for their incredible contributions. Our primary focus continues to be ensuring the safety and well-being of our global workforce, delivering for our customers and helping the communities in which we operate.
On each earnings call, I give updates about our progress against 3 key priorities: accelerating the growth of the company, improving our execution and continuing to thoughtfully deploy your capital. Let me give you a few thoughts on each.
We're transforming the company to accelerate growth. That means not just playing defense but position our business to grow share in the largest market opportunity in our history. We've built scale businesses indexed to key technology inflections such as cloud, AI, 5G and the intelligent and autonomous edge. We see a world where everything increasingly looks like a computer, including our homes, our cars, our cities, our hospitals, our factories and now even our schools. In this new world, our opportunity set becomes more than just the CPU. It's more and more Intel silicon inside more and more computers so we can have a larger impact on our customers' success. That diversity is one critical factor in driving today's results.
I'll highlight a few examples from the last 90 days. AI use cases are becoming pervasive, and we are embedding AI capability into all our products. Our Xeon platform is foundational for data center AI with value, scalability, built-in AI acceleration and inference leadership. This quarter, we launched our third-generation Intel Xeon Scalable processor, Cooper Lake, which is the first mainstream server CPU, bfloat16 support, which increases AI throughput by reducing the amount of data required for the same accuracy. Developers can use and test latest Intel optimized versions of TensorFlow and PyTorch to train their models using bfloat16 and the Intel distribution of OpenVINO to deploy optimized inference from cloud to edge.
In Q2, both our cloud and comms service provider businesses grew more than 40% year-over-year as critical cloud-delivered applications continued to scale and 5G build-outs accelerated. Leading cloud service providers, including Alibaba, Baidu, Facebook and Tencent, announced they are adopting our third-gen Intel Xeon Scalable processors into their infrastructure and services.
Also this quarter, Azure introduced several new Xeon Scalable instances, including general purpose and memory optimized Azure virtual machines. We were also excited to be part of an industry first with Rakuten's full-scale commercial launch of its mobile carrier service. This service is the world's first end-to-end, fully virtualized, cloud native mobile network, and it's powered by Intel processors and FPGAs from the radio access network to the 5G-ready mobile core.
Compute capabilities are moving from the cloud to the edge and catalyzing a vast array of new usages and market opportunities. The largest opportunity we see at the edge is the $230 billion 2030 TAM for ADAS, data and Mobility-as-a-Service technologies. Since the last call, we acquired Moovit, a leading Mobility-as-a-Service solution company. Combining Mobileye's market-leading ADAS and AD technologies with Moovit accelerates our ability to become a full-stack mobility provider and truly revolutionize transportation. The most important demonstration of the power of our technologies is the commitment of our customers, and we are excited this week to announce a significant design win with Ford. Design win to date in 2020 include multiple new ADAS production programs, representing cumulative volume of over 20 million units.
We're also driving incredible innovation for our customers across a wide spectrum of PC use cases. This quarter, we introduced 3 new additions to our 10th gen processor family, extending our leadership in gaming and business. The Core S- and H-series processors for desktop and mobile gaming deliver speeds out of the box reaching up to 5.3 gigahertz, making them the world's fastest gaming processors; and our new 10th-gen Intel Core vPRO processors deliver uncompromised productivity and hardware-based security for commercial PCs. Q2 also marked the launch of Lakefield, featuring our new Intel hybrid technology, which is a hybrid CPU architecture for power and performance scalability.
We also continue to work on improving our execution. Intel employees and our supply chain partners have role modeled teamwork in navigating difficult conditions while working to support customer upsides during the crisis. We have made significant progress in increasing our capacity and improving our supply while delivering $2 billion above our plans through the first 6 months of the year. We're on track to return to more normal levels of PC inventory as we work through the second half of the year.
Acceleration of our next-generation products continues. We now expect to increase our 10-nanometer-based product shipments for the year by more than 20% versus our January expectations. Customer demand for our family of 10-nanometer-based SoCs for 5G base station designs is also very strong. We delivered a full node of performance improvement within our 14-nanometer-based products by optimizing our product and process together, and the power of our intra-node improvements continues with our next-generation 10-nanometer-based client product, Tiger Lake.
Tiger Lake delivers breakthrough performance in CPU, graphics and AI, and we'll be shipping to customers in a matter of weeks. We are also targeting initial production shipments for our first 10-nanometer-based Xeon Scalable product, Ice Lake, for the end of the year. And we have a pipeline of exciting new product architectures for 2021 led by Alder Lake for client and Sapphire Rapids for server. Both products will start initial production shipments in the second half of '21.
Let me provide some updates on our technology road map. We continue to demonstrate proof points of our breakthrough advanced packaging technologies. Our Lakefield product, which I mentioned earlier, delivers scale production of our 3D packaging technology, Foveros, combining both 10-nanometer and 22-nanometer capabilities in a disaggregated architecture.
This quarter also marked a significant milestone in our data center GPU technology. We successfully powered a petaflop scale GPU with high bandwidth memory, using our advanced embedded multi-die interconnect bridge, or EMIB, 2D packaging technology.
Turning to our 7-nanometer technology. We are seeing an approximate 6-month shift in our 7-nanometer-based CPU product timing relative to prior expectations. The primary driver is the yield of our 7-nanometer process, which, based on recent data, is now trending approximately 12 months behind our internal target. We have identified a defect mode in our 7-nanometer process that resulted in yield degradation. We've root caused the issue, and believe there are no fundamental roadblocks. But we have also invested in contingency plans to hedge against further schedule uncertainty. We're mitigating the impact of the process delay on our product schedules by leveraging improvements in design methodology such as die disaggregation and advanced packaging. We have learned from the challenges in our 10-nanometer transition and have a milestone-driven approach to ensure our product competitiveness is not impacted by our process technology road map.
Our overarching priority is to deliver product leadership for our customers, and we are taking the right steps to produce a strong lineup of leadership products. We will continue to invest in our future process technology road map, but we will be pragmatic and objective in deploying the process technology that delivers the most predictability and performance for our customers, whether that be on our process, external foundry process or a combination of both.
Our advanced packaging technologies, combined with our disaggregated architecture, give us tremendous flexibility to use the process technology that best serves our customers. As an example, our data center GPU design, Ponte Vecchio, will now be released in late 2021 or early 2022, utilizing external and internal process technologies, combined with our world-leading packaging technologies. We now expect to see initial production shipments of our first Intel-based 7-nanometer product, a client CPU, in late '22 or early '23. We are also focused on maintaining an annual cadence of significant product improvements independent of our process road map, including the holiday refresh window of 2022. In addition, we expect to see initial production shipments of our first Intel-based 7-nanometer data center CPU design in the first half of '23.
Finally, while process technology is very important, it is only one of the 6 technology pillars of innovation that drive differentiation in our products. You will hear more about advances across all 6 technology pillars: process, packaging, architecture, memory, interconnect and security/software at the upcoming Intel Architecture Day.
Last, we are focused on the thoughtful allocation of your capital. We are investing to grow our capabilities even as we deliver significant free cash flow this year. Since 2015, we have grown R&D spending by more than $1 billion while divesting noncore assets and reducing overall spending as a percentage of revenue by 9 points. We also look for opportunities to augment our product lines and speed the pace at which we can grow the company. As discussed earlier, we acquired Moovit this quarter, investing approximately $900 million to dramatically accelerate our capability to capitalize on the $160 billion Mobility-as-a-Service opportunity. We also announced a $250 million investment in Jio Platforms, a high-speed wireless connectivity and digital services provider, to help fuel digital transformation in India.
Our purpose to deliver world-changing technology that enriches the lives of every person on Earth has never been more essential, but the global problems we face are bigger than any one company can solve alone. That's why we established 2030 corporate responsibility goals, which call for a collective response to revolutionize health and safety, make technology fully inclusive and help address climate change. We've also committed more than $50 million and extended our expertise, global reach and influence to combat COVID-19 as well as social injustice. The early results of our pandemic response technology initiative, which we announced earlier this week, underscore Intel's unique ability to partner and collectively solve critical problems.
In closing, I want to thank all our employees who are working through this challenging time to deliver our purpose and support our customers.

Well, I think the first part of your question, in the -- with 2022 being, in essence, a full array of 10-nanometer products, the expectation is, all else equal, a little more 10-nanometer spend and less 7-nanometer spend, provided we decide to continue to do all of our production inside. In the event we decide that we're going to leverage third-party foundries more effectively, we would have a little more 10 and a lot less 7. And that's kind of the optionality that we've tried to build in as we evaluate the future of Moore's Law, invest in technology development leadership. In the event we're not there and there's a better alternative, be prepared to take advantage of it.

Thanks, John. I mean, first, product schedule slippage of roughly 2 quarters, while process we expect now to be roughly 4 quarters. The difference of the gap is driven by a couple of things: one, a buffer in our planning process between process and products to make sure that we don't -- minimal disruption on customers because of process; second, as I've mentioned in the prepared remarks, die disaggregation and advanced packaging gives us the ability for a given SoC to do some stuff inside and some stuff outside and, therefore, further compress the product delivery in light of process slippage. So that's why we've been able to be confident in a 6-month product ship slip, even though process was moving out 12 months.
In terms of -- I think your second question was about we've seen this movie before, maybe. And I think the importance of our many lessons coming out of 10-nanometer, one of them was how do we ensure that we have contingency plans in the event that our advancements in process technology, as it gets increasingly complicated, do not play out the way we'd hope, how do we make sure that we can continue to deliver leadership products for our customers on that annual cadence.
So I'm sure things won't play out exactly the way we want. We think we've dialed in 7. But at the same time, what's different is we're going to be pretty pragmatic about if and when we should be making stuff inside or making outside and making sure that we have optionality to build internally, mix and match inside and outside or go outside in its entirety if we need to. And that's kind of one of our learnings coming out of 10 is, in the event process doesn't move along as we expect, let's make absolutely sure, with advanced contingency planning and real milestones, that we can glitch the best we can to leverage somebody else and not slip product schedules in light of process complexities.

Let me -- maybe I'll flip those around. Over the last couple of years, we've been talking about, as we expand our capacity, evaluating more holistically when do we use third-party foundries rather than do everything ourselves. And we call that engaging in the ecosystem in much more holistic ways for a variety of different reasons, so we don't have to build everything ourselves as the capital associated with each node becomes a bit higher. So in general, I would say, for planning purposes, we've been engaging with the ecosystem much more. And all else equal, I would expect that roughly 20% to be a little bit higher as we focus on growing the business.
Your first question in terms of planning then, we have -- we feel like we have a real solid product road map, again, for the second half of this year, for '21 and for '22, and that we'll do it on our existing 10-nanometer that's ramping faster than we expected. It yields in line with what we expected. So for the near term, we think we got a great lineup of products, and we expect to fight and protect our share while expanding the role we play in a variety of different places in the industry.
But now is when we're planning for '22, '23. And we are evaluating now -- in light of where we are, where we think the industry, the competition of third parties are, evaluating now what's the best option for us to make sure that we can deliver an annual cadence of product leadership for our customers. And those decisions are not decisions that we'll make in 2023. Those decisions based on the information that we have along the way will be made long before then, whether it's decisions about how much capacity we need to put in place or decisions about how do we leverage more effectively somebody else's process capabilities and factories so that we can get real good incremental returns on capital deployed.

Well, I think I'd start with our full year demand relative to where we were at the beginning of the year is our guidance is up by $1.5 billion in revenue. So that's...

Let me just finish, Stacy. I think it's a good question, but maybe if you could give me a chance to answer it. So full year demand for the company is higher. Secondly, the yields for 10-nanometer we've kind of set are in line with what we expected coming into the year through the first 6 months, and we feel pretty good about where we are on yields. Third, that the overall demand for our products on PC side and for the 5G SoC in the comms sector is higher than we expected. That is part of the contribution to the $1.5 billion of higher revenue for the year. And as we accelerate 10 faster, because customers are banding it more, the implications are that our margins, all else equal, will be lower. George kind of highlighted those were the primary drivers of the 1 point decline. 10-nanometer products are ramping faster, and our 5G comms business and the Data Center Group is growing much quicker than we had anticipated.
I put that -- I put ramping of 10-nanometer faster in the good category. We feel -- we know margins are lower when we start a new node versus exit an old node. 10-nanometer margins are lower than 14 at this stage of the game. Ramping 10, we think, is a good thing for customers. We do take a dip in yield. If it's more of our growth than we had anticipated, all else equal, margins will be a little bit lower. And that's kind of the updated guidance for the year. Higher growth in a more challenging market, more demand for our 10-nanometer products that we're ramping as we -- ramping yields as we expected with more volume, all else equal, will have a modest impact on our gross margin for the full year. Thank you.

Yes. On the -- on Ponte Vecchio, originally, the architecture of Ponte Vecchio includes an I/O-based die connectivity, a GPU and some memory tiles, all kind of packaged together. That's kind of the design of Ponte Vecchio. From the beginning, we would do some of those tiles inside and some of those tiles outside and again leverage the packaging technology as a proof point of how do we mix and match different designs into one package. So that was the design from the beginning. And again, when we talk about disaggregation, more flexibility, optionality in our designs, use some stuff inside, some stuff outside, Ponte Vecchio was really -- Ponte Vecchio on the data center side and Lakefield on the client side were kind of our test products, both the -- one of which we've launched; the other one, which is in development. So that design disaggregation gives us lots of flexibility.
As we go forward now, we can think about whether we introduce Ponte Vecchio with -- I think I said some of those tiles are inside and outside from the beginning. Now as we go forward, we can assess whether we swap out one of our tiles for a third-party foundry or not. Again, that's the beauty and the value of this change in design methodology that gives us much more optionality and flexibility. So in the event there's a process slip, we can buy something rather than make it all ourselves.

I would just say it's -- we had -- when we guided back in January, in the context of our guidance, we made that statement. So George is just reiterating that, that we see a more competitive world, and we'll be prepared to deal with it. And we've factored that into our outlook for the second half of the year.

Yes. Let me just kind of close out and end where we began. First, over the last couple of years, as you know, we've expanded our TAM in the quest to play a much larger role in our customers' success by investing in key leading technologies like 5G, AI and intelligence at the edge. And we feel pretty good about the investments that we've been making. And last year, we wrapped up our best year in the company's history, entering 2020. Obviously, this year has been an incredibly challenging year on multiple fronts. But at the same time, we expect '20 to be the best year in our company's history, our fifth record year in a row, delivering better results than we expected in January at a time when the market is worse than we expected. So competitively, we feel stronger as we exit 2020.
Third point I'd make is our execution has improved. Capacity and supply is in place. We're ramping a slew of 10-nanometer products across our portfolio. We are ramping 10 faster than we had planned, and we have a strong leadership -- a strong pipeline over the next several years. And we believe we can deliver another notable performance on 10-nanometer itself.
Fourth point, at the same time, our 7-nanometer products will be delayed. We've pushed out the timing of the 7-nanometer node. But along the way, we have taken steps on die disaggregation, advanced packaging, deeper engagement with the ecosystem and contingency planning as a sign of strength, not as a sign of weakness, that gives us much more flexibility to make the decisions on where is the most effective way to build our products to deliver that annual cadence of leadership for our customers. And we feel pretty good about where we are, though we're not happy. I'm not pleased with our 7-nanometer process performance.
But as we sit here today, 6 months through the year, our people are safe. We're delivering for our customers. The communities we operate in are better as a result of our presence and the passion of our employees for making a difference. And next 90 days from now, we'll talk more about our efforts to create world-changing technologies that continue to enrich the lives of every person on earth. So thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you soon.