Thank you for joining us today. The results we delivered in the third quarter reflect our continued focus on the execution of our strategy with over $14 billion of revenue and strong growth across the portfolio. Technology remains a fundamental source of competitive advantage, and we continue to see solid demand for our hybrid cloud and AI solutions. Continued double-digit revenue growth in IBM Consulting, capturing client demand for digital transformations. Software revenue performance was also strong with growth across all categories. And our Infrastructure business had another high-growth quarter in both zSystems and Distributed Infrastructure. Our revenue strength was broad-based geographically as well. 
When I talk with clients, it's clear there's a real opportunity to help businesses leverage technology in today's environment. Clients are dealing with everything from inflation to demographic shifts, from supply chain bottlenecks to sustainability efforts. By deploying powerful hybrid cloud and AI technologies, IBM is helping businesses seize new opportunities, overcome today's challenges and emerge stronger. 
We, too, are building a stronger company that is closely aligned to the needs of our clients. In line with our hybrid cloud and AI strategy, we have continued to focus our portfolio, invest in our offerings, technical talent and ecosystem and streamline our go-to-market model. With strong performance through the first 3 quarters, we are taking up our revenue expectations for the year and now expect 2022 revenue above our mid-single-digit model. 
Let me now turn to the progress we are making in the execution of our strategy. Our point of view is clear. Hybrid cloud and AI are the 2 most transformational enterprise technologies of our time. Hybrid cloud is already becoming the dominant architecture for enterprise. According to a recent survey by the Harris Poll, 77% of businesses surveyed that they have adopted hybrid cloud for their organizations with data located across multiple clouds, on-premise or at the edge. Hybrid cloud is about offering clients a platform that can drive value across these different environments. 
Our platform based on Red Hat allows our clients to consume software driven by open source innovation. IBM's software has been optimized to run on that platform and includes advanced data and AI, automation and security capabilities. Our consultants offer deep business expertise and co-create with clients to accelerate their digital transformation journeys. And our infrastructure allows clients to take full advantage of a hybrid cloud environment. 
Our platform-centric strategy continues to have good momentum, adding a couple of hundred hybrid cloud platform clients in the third quarter. We see more and more clients consuming across our portfolio of Software, Consulting and Infrastructure capabilities. This quarter, clients such as Bank of America, Bharti Airtel and Samsung Electronics have chosen IBM to realize the full potential of a hybrid cloud computing model. 
Let me now say a few words about our AI capabilities. As demographic shifts continue to add pressure to modern economies, coupled with wage inflation, companies are eager to deploy AI and automation capabilities at scale to boost their levels of productivity. That is what IBM is helping companies bring to bear. In the context of enterprise, we are seeing 4 main use cases emerge: AI to interact and converse; AI to automate IT processes; AI to extract knowledge and insights; and finally, AI to automate business workflows such as HR, supply chains and financial reporting. We are working to bring these capabilities to clients across all industries. 
For instance, this quarter, IBM Consulting partnered with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to automate business workflows related to the delivery of pension benefits. This helps free up valuable time of VA staff and speed up the processing of claims made by the veterans most in need. Our partner ecosystem is a crucial element of our strategy. Each quarter, we continue to expand the work we do with partners to serve our joint clients. For instance, we recently announced an expansion of our partnership with VMware to help clients in regulated industries more easily move workloads to the cloud, with IBM Consulting now serving as a GSI partner for VMware. 
We announced that Red Hat and Dell are launching a set of containerized solutions aimed at simplifying the management of multi-cloud environments on-premise. Gartner predicts that by 2026, 90% of organizations will use containers. These actions represent another step in our efforts to seize this opportunity through ecosystem relationships and our technology offerings. 
We are actively working to introduce new innovations and shape the technologies of the future. Most recently, we unveiled the next generation of our LinuxONE server, a Linux and Kubernetes-based platform designed to support thousands of workloads within the footprint of a single system. As an example, Citibank is hosting MongoDB on IBM LinuxONE, leveraging the platform's security, resiliency and elastic capacity and helping Citi lower its overall carbon footprint. 
We also continue to make progress in quantum computing. We remain on track towards our goal of building a 1,000-qubit system by 2023. To advance the security of our communication networks, IBM alongside Vodafone recently joined the GSMA Post-Quantum Telco Network Taskforce. This task force aims to introduce a framework for the telco industry to adopt new quantum-safe approaches. 
Complementing our organic innovation, we recently acquired Dialexa. This brings our total number of acquisitions this year to 7, adding new capabilities in areas like hybrid cloud services, security, data observability and sustainability. As the world takes on the challenge of sustainability and building a more circular economy, IBM has been building a portfolio of solutions to help companies make progress on this journey. 
This quarter, we received recognition, highlighting our sustainability efforts. The analyst firm HFS Research and Forbes both recognized IBM for its capabilities in the area of sustainability, including Envizi and our Environmental Intelligence Suite software. 
Let me conclude by reminding you that last October and just prior to the separation of Kyndryl, we held our investor briefing, laying out priorities for our portfolio and growth. Over the last 4 quarters, we have driven constant currency revenue growth at or above our mid-single-digit model with solid free cash flow. And while there is always more to do, we are pleased with our first year's progress. As we look forward, we remain confident in our strategy and execution and feel we are well positioned to address today's client needs. 
Let me now turn it over to Jim, who will provide more details on the quarter and our expectations for the balance of the year.

Yes. Amit, thank you. Thank you both for the comment and those questions. So let me answer the first part, how do we feel about revenue and demand going forward? First, if you just look at the data going backwards, we see pretty strong demand and we saw double-digit growth in Europe, double-digit growth in Asia and double-digit growth in the Americas. 
But let me add some color on that as we look forward. And it is with a couple of contextual elements, as you said, on your portfolio. One, we are B2B. We have almost no B2C business, as if almost no, I could say none, but there is the weather business which has got a little bit of element of B2C in it, but it's tiny. So one is B2B. 
Second, we've done a lot of work over the last 3 years, and our portfolio is largely in mission-critical areas, areas that are around automation, areas that are about leveraging AI for enterprise productivity. And I think that, that productivity theme is going to play out over actually not just this remaining part of this year but for the next half decade, maybe the full decade. 
Color. In the Americas, I find a very robust business environment. I find that most enterprises want to invest. They are leveraging technology to scale their business. If I go to Asia, it's very similar. Very little change from the past, I think going into the next few months, at least. In Europe, I think we shouldn't put our head in the sand. I think that with the mixture of energy and inflation, you can sense that there is some caution creeping into the conversations, albeit not in the data and not yet in what we are doing as business there. But we'd be foolish not to prepare that there could be a bit of a downturn in Europe only. 
But let me now put all of that back into context. So you're saying Americas, Asia, fine. If I get to Europe, Western Europe, ballpark 20% of global GDP. Even if you have a massive impact, 5% to 10%, that's a 1% to 2% impact on a global level all-in. Technology is typically 3% to 4% ahead of GDP growth. That says there's still a robust technology environment in there. So I think, Amit, that's the sort of the 2 parts of your question that we're addressing with that.

Yes. Thanks, Jim. So turning to sort of address the questions. Last October, we talked about that we are going to be in a mid-single-digit revenue growth model, and that we'll be increasing cash flow each year. And we have set out a target of $10 billion for this year and $35 billion over the period. There is nothing that we see right now to alter us from where we had said at that time. So I'm going to say that those projections stay in place.
As Jim pointed out, for 2022, we are saying that we will be above our revenue model. And that, we believe, will play out with the demand that you heard me talk about and then Jim just reinforced. Just a little thought, the third quarter is not typically a big ELA quarter, so we should just be -- it's kind of the normal seasonality. ELAs are really second and fourth, much more than first and third. 
So just to give you a little bit of color and add to what you asked and what Jim said, mainframe hardware has had a strong start, so you would expect the capacity increases. As the capacity increases, you expect that to follow with a tiny lag, sometimes a month, sometimes 3 months into our Transaction Processing portfolio. And that's why you kind of see the strength there.

So Wamsi, let me start and then give it to Jim, but I'm also going to reinforce a couple of points that Jim made in his prepared remarks. On transactional business, look, I can't speak to the yield. I can speak to the yield about 10 weeks from now. The yield will come in over the next 10 weeks as opposed to right now.
If I look at our pipeline, pipeline indicates the strength that we are seeing. That does give us confidence to say that we see revenue coming in above our mid-single-digit growth model. We see the pipelines are strong across software and hardware. So the very strong hardware growth in the third quarter that is captured in the Infrastructure business, I think that all reflects the demand that is there and across geographies, so not any particular single market being strong. 
If I look at the software, I expect that the overall growth will remain strong, but there'll be some puts and takes in a couple of small countries that's possible. But that is the advantage of having a business that goes across 170 countries where that tends to get absorbed into the overall. Right now, I'll tell you, good pipeline. Based on the first 9 months of the year, we expect yields to remain good or even better than before, and that's the space. 
And I'll just make a comment. I would like to say, as Jim pointed out in his prepared remarks, that there is an impact on FX. That is probably the biggest impact to what we are seeing right now. I certainly, I'll say, hope that we are seeing the end of the dollar strengthening as opposed to another significant change.

Shannon, let me start by this thing. First, let me explain our rationale and our principles for acquisitions because it's important to understand that it's not so much size. Number one, they've got to fit our strategy, our strategy being hybrid cloud and AI, and in Consulting, those which add to our ecosystem growth and our talent. So that limits the universe of what we would look at. 
Two, especially if it's going to be larger, it's got to be accretive. Whether we talk about at the end of the first year or definitely in the second year, it's got to be accretive to cash flow. Three, there's got to be synergy with IBM. Like Jim mentioned about the $6 billion in inception-to-date signings and the 1,400 projects that Consulting did with Red Hat, that's synergy, meaning that we would not have gotten that revenue and that book of business if we had not done that acquisition. 
So then if I say that those are criteria, those will be a criteria that would open up if there is something that is larger, with the correct valuation and the correct economic returns for the company. Now to your point on interest rates. Certainly, interest rates have an impact, but we'd also like to say there are multiple vehicles on how to raise cash because the overall FINFLEX, and we had talked about, about $20 billion of FINFLEX over the period, but there are other vehicles for also raising cash when we are an attractive target for the acquisition to come into. Jim?

Yes. Thanks, Jim. So Keith, let me just maybe use the opportunity to remind everybody of what we had talked about as our midterm model, which was sort of the 3-year model that we laid out last October. We had said that we expect Software to grow in mid-single digits, so think 4% to 6%. And we had said Consulting to grow in high single digits, and we had said that Infrastructure will be about flat. This year will be a good year because of the product cycle and then probably somewhere in late '23 or '24, we'll get the flip side of that, up from this year.
So then you get into Consulting, our long-term model was not in the teens, which it has done this year. It was in the high single digits. So the book-to-bill, combined with the shorter-term signings, gives us confidence that we will be able to maintain that model. Look, I think Consulting to the point, I think you're all trying to ask, the nature of our Consulting business is very different than some others. The bulk of our Consulting business is in digital transformation, helping our clients move to cloud, not just our cloud, but AWS and Azure amongst it. 
It's on properties that I think are fairly essential to our clients. SAP, CRM, Adobe are great examples. As you begin to wrap around, help them move to cloud, both public and hybrid, help them do digital transformation, help them take advantage of these massive productivity SaaS properties that I just named. Even in an inflationary environment, even when the economy is not doing well, these tend to be the projects that stay the course, but maybe the signings come in smaller chunks, and as long as we deliver well, then people tend to sign up more and more going forward. And that's sort of a bit of color on what we're seeing play out already this year and we expect that to maybe increase next year.

Okay. Thanks, Jim. And I think Jim gave you a lot of color in this Q&A on cash flow, the quarter and how we think of our business going forward. Let me just wrap up the call. 
We have made really good progress since we laid out our strategy in our Investor Day last October. We are well positioned to meet our clients' needs going into the end of the year, and we look forward to taking you through our fourth quarter performance and our view of 2023 in January. I look forward to speaking to all of you again soon.