Thanks, Patricia. I'm pleased to be speaking with you again just 1.5 weeks after our strategic update on October 8. Today, we'll focus on our third quarter performance, which you see is unchanged from the preliminary results we announced. 
But I want to start with a summary of our strategic discussions. We are redefining our future as a hybrid cloud platform and AI company. Over the last few years, we have built a solid foundation for hybrid cloud. With the acceleration of the Red Hat platform adoption and the changes to clients' needs for application versus infrastructure services, we are separating our Managed Infrastructure Services into a new publicly traded company. The result is 2 market leaders with focused strategies and missions and improved growth trajectories. 
IBM is the #1 hybrid cloud platform and AI company. Newco will become the #1 managed infrastructure services company. As separate businesses, each can capitalize on their respective missions. Both will have more agility to focus on their operating and financial models. Both will have greater freedom to partner with others, and both will align their investment and capital structure to their strategic focus areas. All of this will create value for clients and for you, the investors, with an improved financial profile of both companies. 
Since the announcement, we have had a comprehensive outreach to our clients. In fact, we have spoken to hundreds of our top clients, and I have personally spoken to dozens. The vast majority understands the strategy and are excited about what it means for them, whether they'll be predominantly future IBM clients or newco clients. Our partners have also had a positive response as they see this as an opportunity to further strengthen our go-to-market initiatives in the hybrid cloud, data and AI spaces. 
For IBM, as we look forward, the case for hybrid cloud is clear. Clients see 2.5x more value in a hybrid cloud approach versus a public only. It's a tremendous opportunity valued at $1 trillion, with most of the enterprise opportunity ahead of us. Our approach is platform-centric. It is differentiated by Red Hat OpenShift, which is our market-leading open platform, a vast software portfolio modernized to run cloud-native and our GBS expertise that drives platform adoption and meet clients where they are on their cloud journeys. Over the coming months, we'll further advance our strategy by taking actions to simplify and optimize our model, increase investments in key areas and fostering much more of a growth mindset. All of this will contribute to accelerated growth for our company in the future, and we expect to deliver sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth upon completion of the separation of newco. 
Let me shift to some of the recent progress we have made against our hybrid cloud platform strategy from the perspective of our clients, our ecosystem and the innovations we're bringing to market. We have great recent examples of clients making large-scale architectural commitments to our hybrid cloud platform. Schlumberger is using our platform to make their E&P environment accessible across any infrastructure that their global clients use: on-premise, private and public clouds. They'll enable the broader energy community to leverage data analytics and AI to unleash the power of digital innovation in the oil and gas industry. 
We are also extending our relationship with Delta to transform their talent and modernize their IT environment using Red Hat, Cloud Paks and leveraging GBS's expertise. They'll operate with greater speed and realize longer-term business benefits. We are continuing to expand our ecosystem. Last week, I talked about how we have added hundreds of partners to drive workloads to our platform, including best-of-breed GSIs and ISVs. As an example, Ernst & Young is now leveraging our open hybrid cloud platform and AI solutions to help clients transform their businesses. 
Our teams are also providing joint consulting capabilities to drive business outcomes for clients. Late last week, we announced expansion of our partnership with ServiceNow to bring the power of Watson AIOps to their market-leading Now Platform. We're also bringing new innovations to market. I'll highlight just 2 areas: Red Hat and Quantum. Red Hat extended its open hybrid cloud portfolio with several new technology introductions, including: OpenShift virtualization, which enables clients to migrate and run their virtual machines natively within Red Hat OpenShift; and Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes, which delivers the industry's most robust, multi-cluster, policy-based compliance and application management system. These capabilities are furthering our clients' abilities to build once, deploy anywhere with a hybrid cloud architecture. 
In Quantum, we announced our road map to reach 1,000-plus qubits by 2023. The road map aims to take today's noisy small-scale devices towards the million-plus qubit devices of the future. This kind of progress is essential to help industry and research organizations tackle important real-world problems that even today's most powerful classical computers cannot tackle. And in making our road map public, we are committing to meet a series of aggressive benchmarks that will help our company maintain its leadership in quantum computing and place our clients on the path to groundbreaking achievements. So we've made good progress with clients, our ecosystem and innovation. 
Regarding today's environment, clients continue to balance short-term challenges and opportunities for transformation. In the short term, they are focused on operational stability and cash preservation. We see this especially in our largest software license transactions and delays in some services projects. But more of my conversations with CEOs are around how they become digital businesses. How do they tap into open source innovation? How can they securely deploy and manage their data and applications across various clouds? That's what we call hybrid cloud. We see this as a continued momentum in Red Hat and the large client engagements that enable a journey to cloud, leveraging both OpenShift and application modernization. Now I'll turn it over to Jim Kavanaugh, who's going to take you through the results, and then we'll come back at the end for Q&A.

Thanks, Jim. I'm going to add just one final thought before the Q&A. We are managing for the long term. We are making strategic decisions, taking actions and increasing investments today to better position our business and accelerate our top line growth on a sustainable basis. Patricia, let's go to the Q&A.

All right. First, thanks for the question, Matt. So a few comments on -- because you asked about portfolio areas. You also asked about clients, and you also asked about geographies. And it all varies, but we are seeing first from large client deals as well as services projects. Let me just reiterate but add a little bit of color to what both Jim and I said in our prepared remarks. 
While we are seeing very healthy growth in some parts of both software and systems, it's kind of schizophrenic, but we're also seeing people pause. Maybe they're pausing because of their industry or because of geography or because they're into a cash conservation mode. We think it's a pause. We don't believe it's a decline forever. We do believe that some of those deals come back, and we tend to see that. We saw that from the first to the second, second to the third quarter, et cetera. So that's one part. 
Now we have also talked about it, there is about in 70% of the industries that we are in, we are not seeing any pauses. We see clients that are healthy. We see that their business are healthy. About 30%, and that should not be a surprise to anybody on this call, we do tend to see some temporary softness. And when we think about brick-and-mortar retail, you think about airlines, you think about hospitality, I think it's not a surprise that some of those. Now we also tend to be with larger clients, so we don't believe that they have a sustainability issue by and large. It will tend to come back. So that's kind of the flavor under it. 
But then as I begin to look forward, Matt, because you're asking that question also, it's really hard to predict the fourth quarter. That's why Jim and I are pausing on giving guidance here. However, when we look at are people interested in these parts of the software portfolio, whether it's supply chain and security, as Jim mentioned, whether it's cloud and data platform, which includes both of Red Hat and our Cloud Paks and other technologies they find essential, we find that those will come back. We find our Transaction Processing Platform or TPP get somewhat aligned to the mainframe capacity increases. As those go through, you tend to see, I'll call it, an alignment. It's not necessarily identical, but there's some alignment therein. 
And then let's not forget that as our Global Business Services and other SIs do transformation projects, they also tend to pull through software more in cloud and data platform than in other areas. So I'll sort of give you that color sort of across the client set, across the industries and across different parts of the portfolio, Matt.

Thanks, Jim. And Toni, thank you for asking the capital allocation question, a really important piece of our growth strategy going forward. So a couple of points there for context. One, when we acquired and closed on Red Hat, we did commit to pausing share repurchase until we had deleveraged and gotten back to our target ratios of debt-to-EBITDA. We are on track to do that. We fully intend to do that, and we had said that we'll get there by 2022. So that's part 1. And so some of the cash you see on the balance sheet will be used towards that purpose because you said, you're not paying down debt, but you'll see us begin to pay that down to get towards those ratios, part 1. 
Part 2, we are committed to a stable and growing dividend. Given our investors, given that how much they depend upon that and how much we have heard about that on feedback, we intend to keep a stable and growing dividend. That means everything else is up for what is prudent for managing for the long term. And so when we talk about increased investments, and on October 8, I was clear, we are going to both increase expenses organically in order to be able to grow in both software and in GBS, but we are also going to be quite acquisitive in the areas that we have called out. We will be acquisitive in GBS. And we will also be acquisitive in the software areas around hybrid cloud, data, AI, security and in emerging technologies such as Quantum. So when you see us do that, I think we are going to be doing exactly what you're asking. Will we be allocating more cash to growth going forward? I think the simple answer to that is, yes, with no qualifications therein.

Yes. So when you look at the different segments that we're in, Wamsi, so this is straightaway in the 4 areas that we had outlined. Number one, we are going to be increasing investments in GBS in order to get more skills in the areas where we are seeing demand. Second, we're going to be increasing investments in our ecosystem. And in our ecosystem, there are large partners. We just announced ServiceNow last week, but we announced Adobe a couple of months before that. You've seen us with Salesforce. You've seen us with others. So we are going to be increasing our investment and how we work with those. 
But there are also hundreds of ISVs, not just the very large ones, with whom we are also working to get them on our hybrid cloud platform, on our cloud properties. And so how do we invest in that in order to drive growth down the road is the second piece. I'll put that in the ecosystem pocket. Third, we're going to be increasing investments in our core software areas in terms of the hybrid cloud platform itself. And you saw that in some of my prepared remarks on the innovations we are driving into the Red Hat technologies. But in addition to that, in terms of data and AI, in security and others, we're going to drive innovation in there. 
And as you put all those areas together, let's not also forget, newco is also going to be seeing increased investments around automation, around infrastructure modernization against working with different cloud partners. When you think of those 4 buckets, it now goes pretty much across all of IBM segments obviously if you think about it, because we want it to be our current balance. It's not identical growth, but we want all of the segments to be contributing to growth. And so we're going to be driving in terms of organic R&D, in terms of working with certain areas where there's a lot of demand. So you got to get skills in there. And of course, as we add M&A, that's not quite directly from these buckets of money, but the M&A will also add to added expenses. Eventually, the moment you complete an acquisition, it's expense in these different segments.

Thanks, Katy, and you got it correct. It is a critical part of us getting towards a mid-single-digit growth target. So that is essential. So as we begin to go under it and you look at it for the last few months, I would tell you that some of it is indeed -- macro may be the wrong word, but I think there's 2 elements in there. People are pausing certain large software license transactions, and that is perhaps the macro environment. And then there is the TPP piece, which is inside of the software segment, which is driven more, as I've said before, in terms of the alignment to the mainframe capacity that's in the ground. We saw very good growth in the fourth quarter of last year. We saw that tied to that. And as you begin to see that slow down in the third quarter of this year, we do expect to, I think, see that continue for some time. 
But within that, when I look at our cognitive applications and we look at cloud and data platform, we do see healthy growth there. But I expect to see it continue. As we invest more into that and as we invest more into Red Hat, I would expect that as we get through the next year, we are going to see that, that should be able to more than offset anything that happens inside TPP. 
And just to give a sense of that, Katy, when you begin to look at Red Hat by itself and we see the growth there in the mid- to high teens, and we expect that, that should be able to continue and accelerate, then that, in turn, will give added growth to the whole portfolio, more than enough to offset any weakness in TPP. And then as we are increasing our investment in our ecosystem as well as in internal R&D as well as in acquisitions, while I'll acknowledge that those layers do take multiple quarters to play out, I wish it was quicker, but it is multiple quarters, but I would fully expect that at the same time, as we complete the spin, we should be able to see those growth return in those parts of the portfolio. And you've got a sense of how we'll do it across those various elements.

Great question, Amit. So as you can imagine, this is something in which I think the only word I can use is, we are obsessive about this topic. We had our lists up. We knew exactly what clients might be concerned about. And I wouldn't say that we are 100% perfect, but I think we feel very, very good that we were correct in our estimations of the level of concerns. 
To give you a sense, we serve -- internally, this is not something that we ask or tell the client but based on their reaction, I mentioned that we have already spoken to hundreds. So you can think that now that we're 10 days in, we've already spoken to at least between 200 and 300 of the top clients, where there is a strong intersection, where there is a very heavy spinco revenue base or deals that could be on the table. And from there, we have gotten back over 80%, I would call it, are in the great to good to not really concerned. And I'll come back and give some color on why we believe that's true. 
Then there are some who do enough on both sides that they do have some concerns. Most of those concerns are around who is the team that will be providing service. Who is the person who's going to be on the ground? And we should be very clear that spinco is going to head out on day 1 with $19 billion. The same management team on the ground who runs it from the client up is going to be the team that does it. Yes, there's a corporate structure that we put in place, but that's not the team on the ground, just to be clear. They have very high satisfaction with a majority of their clients. And that is because they bring both service excellence in terms of the service and the uptrend that they provide, but also they bring very deep technical skills, which is kind of gives them permission and the trust to play. 
So when I put all of that together, I think that there's a couple of dozen clients where we just have to make sure that we can tell them who's the team that's going to be servicing them. And as they begin to get comfort on that, I can see the level of anxiety reduce. But as I said, over 80%, they understood what was happening and also many clients or majority on one or the other, naturally for them, there's going to be less of a concern. 
Now to your point of why would they then complete the deal? Look, most of the larger deals are to our clients' benefit. Clients don't do something unless they are going to get a business benefit from that. And in this environment, if you want to go pause that for 3 or 6 months, you're going to defer your benefit for 3 to 6 months. So I think what drives things, and luckily, they have a month to sort of -- on both sides, both our teams and the client, to sort of understand each other, and there's still enough time in the quarter to go get those deals done. So look, the quarter will tell us whether we are right or not. But based on everything I can see, I am confident that actually we'll be able to see most of the deals progress to a satisfactory conclusion.

David, look, the market is a $500 billion market from what we can see, from what IDC shows us as well as what many other third-party consultants have told us. A couple of things in there. Within that, if I find where is our portfolio and our clients today, it's probably more heavily weighted in about 60% of that total as opposed to all of it. And we think that the ability to form many more partnerships as stand-alone is going to allow IS to much more fully participate in the complete market. 
Two, we have stated pretty consistently that we are going to start them off with an investment-grade balance sheet. That would allow them to also make targeted acquisitions as appropriate. We can't speak for that. It will be up to the management team post spin, but that is a place, we're always in a market where it's a scale game. That's definitely a way that you can both grow and gain market share. And so -- two. 
Three, Jim mentioned that 1/3 of the restructuring charge is for also improving the EBITDA profile of the spin company. That is going to allow them to also invest in new offerings in areas such as cloud modernization as well as added offerings in aspects of compliance and security and resilience and also in much more automation, which is going to allow them to deliver even higher service delivery excellence to their clients. 
So when I look across all those, the opportunity is certainly there and freeing them up to do deals which we might not do because the margin may be dilutive to us but it's going to be accretive towards the new company; two, possibly M&A down the road but that's not for some time; and three, in terms of leveraging new offerings and partnerships with other companies who might be doing it but maybe not as wholeheartedly as they would do it with an independent company.

Thanks, Jim. Look, just to reiterate, we have talked about growth, and we have talked about a maniacal obsession on hybrid cloud and AI as the engines of growth for the company. So let me just make a couple of comments to wrap up the discussion. We are certain on our direction even in these uncertain times, and we are laser-focused on helping our clients with their digital transformations, leveraging our hybrid cloud technology platform, our incumbency and our expertise. And the actions we are taking, starting now in the fourth quarter, will enhance our focus and accelerate our future growth, and I look forward to continuing this dialogue with you.