Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. It's my pleasure to be speaking with all of you again. We continue to make progress this quarter. Our revenue growth improved to 3% as reported, led by Global Business Services and our Software business, and we grew adjusted free cash flow for the first half. 
Across every industry, enterprises are using technology to redesign business processes, whether it's automation in manufacturing, telemedicine in health care or omnichannel in retail. These digital transformations are enabled by a hybrid cloud environment. The technology and services we provide to our clients enable their business growth and productivity increases and improved customer experiences. This is why our strategy is focused on hybrid cloud and AI. 
At the same time, the overall spend environment continues to improve. With the economy reopening in many parts of the world, many markets and industries are getting back on track. We see this in North America and in select industries. 
Jim will delve deeper into our performance across the different parts of our business. But I want to be clear upfront that with our results over the last 2 quarters, we remain on track to achieve our financial expectations for the year, revenue growth at actual rates and $11 billion to $12 billion of adjusted free cash flow. 
We continue to take decisive steps and make the investments required to execute on our strategy. This includes making acquisitions that strengthen our portfolio, offering new innovations and digital capabilities to our clients, expanding our partner ecosystem, accelerating changes to our go-to-market model while also instilling more of a growth mindset among our teams and building a more client-centric culture. We are executing the separation of Kyndryl, which is still on track to be completed by the end of the year. 
The recent announcements within our senior team also support and reinforce our strategic priorities. While there have been a number of changes, I'll comment on Jim Whitehurst will step down as President but remains as a senior adviser to me and the rest of the leadership team. Jim worked on many parts of our strategy, including the integration of Red Hat. Nearly 3 years since we announced the acquisition, there is no doubt this integration has been successful. Jim remained a strong believer in IBM and our strategy. Given his background, I understand his desire to become an investor. 
Going back to the execution of our strategy, we are pleased with the early signs of progress on the significant changes we are making. But as you would expect, it will take time before we realize the full benefit of these changes. Our strategy around hybrid cloud and AI is resonating among our clients and bears repeating. 
Hybrid cloud is more than a strategy. It's the reality for our clients today. They have multiple public clouds, private clouds, on-premise workloads and are dealing with stringent regulatory and security requirements. Our hybrid cloud platform gives clients the ability to flexibly deploy and manage data and applications across any environment. With hybrid cloud, clients can derive 2.5x more value in comparison to other approaches. 
Our strategy is platform-centric. Linux Containers and Kubernetes are at the heart of our hybrid cloud platform, allowing clients to write once, run anywhere. Our software portfolio, including Cloud Paks built on Red Hat OpenShift, runs cloud native. Our GBS experts work with clients across every industry to accelerate their digital transformation journeys through hybrid cloud and AI. Our systems and industry-specific public clouds provide differentiated infrastructure. This platform approach drives compelling economics to IBM and our ecosystem partners. 
This quarter, we continued to make progress in the execution of our strategy. More and more clients have chosen our technology and services as a lever for business growth. We now have over 3,200 clients using our hybrid cloud platform. That's almost 4x the number of clients just prior to our announcement of the Red Hat acquisition. GBS is helping to drive this platform adoption as we modernize and manage our clients' applications in a hybrid cloud environment. This work is accelerating, and we have now grown to 700 GBS, Red Hat-based client engagements since the acquisition. 
Our hybrid cloud platform is proving to be of immense value across industries. One example is telecommunication companies, which are amongst the largest technology spenders each year. We recently announced that major telco clients, including Verizon and Telefonica, have chosen IBM's hybrid cloud platform to transform their core networks and bring to life the era of 5G and edge computing. 
Moving on to AI. We fundamentally believe that core to the competitiveness of every company going forward will be their ability to use AI to unlock real-time value from their data wherever the data resides. Our efforts are focused on bringing our AI technologies to horizontal processes. GBS helps our clients build intelligent workflows and transform their core business process, whether that be a supply chain, talent management or customer service. This allows them to boost productivity and improve the customer experience. 
An example of this is the work we are doing with CVS Health. As COVID vaccines began rolling out in the United States, IBM built in just a few weeks an AI-powered assistant to help CVS Health deal with the massive influx of calls. Watson Health handled more than 10 million calls in 3 months, improving the customer experience and reducing costs. Keep in mind, this is for one vaccine and one use case. As use cases expand, the benefits will grow. This is a compelling value proposition, and we've recently deployed Watson Assistant to other clients, ranging from York University to DFW Airport to PayPal. 
These examples and others reflect our ability to build powerful AI capabilities for business, for which we are also externally recognized. IBM was again ranked #1 in IDC's artificial intelligence market for 2020 market share. And IBM has been named a Leader in Gartner's 2021 Magic Quadrant for Data Science and Machine Learning Platforms. 
Since we announced our new go-to-market model in January, we have made significant changes to our sales model and are providing clients with a more technical and experiential approach. Every client I have spoken to sees the value of this approach. They are pleased to co-innovate with IBM, leverage our Garage methodology and derive value more quickly from our solutions. Of course, we expect the return on these investments such as improved renewal rates and client expansion to take time, but time measured in months, not years. 
We've also been building and expanding a powerful ecosystem of partners who are playing a larger role in helping our clients move along their transformation journey. We're expanding the scope of our partnership with EY. To help financial institutions accelerate digital transformation, IBM and EY recently created the Financial Services Center of Excellence and launched the IBM TechHub@EY to strengthen EY's capabilities in hybrid cloud. We also built EY Diligence Edge, an AI platform hosted on the IBM Cloud using Watson to drastically decrease the time it takes to do due diligence during mergers and acquisitions. 
Another partnership that has grown stronger is with Schlumberger. Building on the partnership we announced last year, we've recently launched a new data management platform that clients can leverage to unlock value from the massive amount of data produced by the energy industry. 
We are seeing growing momentum in our IBM Cloud for financial services. Banks have stringent needs driven by compliance, security and resiliency. Launched last year, the IBM Cloud for financial services includes key control and security features built right into its very core. It makes it easier for banks to collaborate with ecosystem partners and vendors. In the second quarter, we reached a milestone of more than 100 ecosystem partners in support of clients like Bank of America and BNP Paribas. 
While we invest to expand our ecosystem, we are also investing to enhance our portfolio. In the second quarter, we announced a series of products to further differentiate our hybrid cloud and AI capabilities. This includes AutoSQL that automates the management of data without having to move it, CodeNet that teaches AI systems on how to translate code, Watson Orchestrate that augments the personal productivity of professionals, Cloud Engine to simplify how developers build cloud-native apps and Mono2Micro to help companies decide which apps should move to the cloud and to transform monolithic apps into microservices. Red Hat launched new managed services on OpenShift, including API management, Apache, Kafka and data science services that make it easier than ever to build next-generation applications on OpenShift. 
Meanwhile, we continue to complement our organic investments with acquisitions. Turbonomic is an ARM provider that helps optimize the performance of any application or resources. It builds on the recent acquisition of Instana for APM and observability and the launch of IBM Cloud Pak for Watson AIOps to automate IT operations with AI. We are reinforcing our ecosystem play in GBS with the acquisition of Waeg, a leading Salesforce consulting partner in Europe. These are near-term opportunities. 
At the same time, we are focused on emerging and longer-term opportunities such as quantum computing. Quantum is an area of incredible promise slated to unlock hundreds of billions of dollars of value for our clients by the end of the decade. To help business and society reap the benefits of quantum computing, we have put a road map in place to build 1,000-plus qubit computer by 2023. We are forging a series of major partnerships to advance the business and science of quantum computing and post quantum encryption. This quarter, we have announced we'll join forces with the University of Tokyo in Japan, the STFC Hartree Centre in the United Kingdom and the Fraunhofer Institute in Germany. This builds on the partnership we announced last quarter with the Cleveland Clinic.
Before I close, I'd like to quickly comment on some of our initiatives around societal issues. This month, we released our 2020 CSR Report. In it, you will see our efforts to apply the power of our technologies to advance societal progress such as applying supercomputing resources in support of COVID-19 research. We have made the important commitment to reach 0 greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 without the use of carbon offsets. We are taking a series of actions to increase our diversity representation, and we are being transparent in our diversity and inclusion scores, as you can see in our report.
To close, let me reiterate my confidence in our strategy. Our second quarter results demonstrate the progress we are making towards achieving our 2 financial objectives: sustainable mid-single-digit revenue growth post separation and strong cash generation. 
Jim, over to you.

Thanks, Toni. Great question. So let's just start with the first part. So we are generating last year, if I remember correctly, $10.8 billion of free cash flow for the year 2020. We have said $11 billion to $12 billion this year. So if you do the math between dividends, acquisitions and capital expenditures, you get to the $3 billion to $3.5 billion. If you now say that we are going to increase our free cash flow by $0.5 billion to $1 billion in a given year, then you can expect that number on inorganic activities to go up year-over-year. So the $3 billion to $3.5 billion is a fair number for this year. It would -- it could go up as we begin to increase our cash flow. We've already said next year, we expect to generate $12 billion to $13 billion, not $11 billion to $12 billion. So that gives you one sense, Toni, just on the absolute number. 
The second question you had in there on the GBS. So as we have said and I've said before, 100 to 150 basis points of growth from acquisitions. I would say that GBS is right in the top end of that number if you look at the second quarter. And if you look at Cognitive Applications, actually more cognitive software all in because I think Cognitive Applications, there was a knit, if any, from acquisitions, the number would be at the very, very low number. I mean maybe a few tens of basis points, nothing significant yet.
Now the GBS acquisitions give you an immediate return and then grow at a nice number but obviously contributing a lot less there. Think of it in the software side, the model is they come in, they do because of deferred revenue, begin to give you some acquisition but over -- revenue over 12 months. But those acquisitions grow very fast. So the contribution actually goes on for multiple years, not just for a single year from those acquisitions to the overall growth rate. And so that's quite different. GBS immediately, about 150; software, much smaller, a few tens. But imagine that all of those build up over time, and it provides a pretty nice tailwind then over 2 to 3 years.

Amit, thanks. And look, so as you correctly have pointed out, I mean, I want to repeat you, but I obviously believe it. Hybrid cloud is the reality for our clients. Now to get into the more meaty parts of your question. If you look at why would people prefer us for hybrid cloud, if I look at a given large hyperscaler, they'll do hybrid as in their own public cloud and maybe some on-premise means. But the goal is to drive workload onto the public cloud. Who has the credibility to go across multiple public clouds? And that's why you hear me always say both Microsoft and Amazon are our partners, not only our competitors. And that is an important play that IBM has done for many, many decades, where we integrate across the environment that our clients operate in. So that's one part.
On a bit more of a technical level, that was the primary reason for the Red Hat acquisition. Red Hat gave us both the platform and the assets to be able to bring a hybrid cloud platform to bear because we would all agree, I think all of your listeners and all of your audience would agree that Linux is a de facto operating system. Red Hat Linux is a de facto for on-premise and private environments. Containers is the standard, which people are going to move on to. So if you say you begin really strong on-premise and private, you can take that same exact environment to multiple public. That gives us, we believe, an advantage.
Now let me acknowledge to the point you're making. If hybrid cloud is the reality that everyone is going to start having a play in hybrid. But we believe that our play is advantaged for the industries that we serve. That doesn't mean they'll use us exclusively, but they will use us to a large extent. And that is where we are headed there.
The second part now for your question, which I think actually plays right in on profitability and cash flow. The way we look at it, over 2/3 of where we get our revenue is going to lie in software. If that is the case and software comes at software margins, I'm not going to debate whether you get a difference in model from on-premise licensing to as a service licensing to term license model. All of those even out and pretty much on awash over 2 to 3 years. They are different in any given 6 months. But if I take a 2- to 3-year view, and that is what we're really fixed on driving, then all of that evens out. And you begin to get gross margins back up in the 70s and 80s, and you begin to get the profitability and cash flow associated with that. And so that is the answer to that question. 
By the way, the services based on helping our clients go there, you can begin to see that. And I know that there were a couple of questions earlier on the GBS margin. Look, we are very fixed on driving investments. So we drive investment a little bit ahead. I'm not going to tell you years ahead, but maybe 1 or 2 quarters ahead of the revenue or the revenue growth comes. We'll keep doing that, and that will impact maybe percentages, but by tens of basis points. But it shows up in absolute profit and absolute cash flow even in that part of the business.

Yes. So Matt, thanks for the question. Let me answer the first part of your question on the, I'll call it, the architectural elements and the use cases. And then I'll give it to Jim to answer it on the financials, this thing. So if you look at the maturity of Cloud Paks, I would tell you that every Cloud Pak we have been selling this year and deploying this year is on OpenShift. We made the move from other Kubernetes platforms onto OpenShift starting in October of '19. 
And so yes, of course, let's acknowledge that people who might have purchased prior to '19 would have bought other Kubernetes platforms. And so by last year, 2020, it was all going on to OpenShift. So I think that maturity is complete. Now if some people have prior versions of software deployed, we observed typically within 3 years from day 1, they do move to the new versions. So I would expect by the end of this year, even the prior deployed would have fully moved, and that's done. 
If you look at customer adoption, CapEx are a very strong contributor to the 3,200 clients that we mentioned. Well over half of them come through Cloud Paks. And so what are the use cases? Look, the work we're doing with Palantir is a great example. Palantir runs on top of the Cloud Pak for data, and that's a great example of what we're doing. When you hear us talk about Watson Assistant as in the CVS use case, which handled over 10 million calls in a quarter for COVID-19 vaccines, that was an assistant runs on top of another Cloud Pak. 
So these are great examples of how mature the technology is. I will tell you the OpenShift maturity is complete, and it really helps reinforce both the adoption of OpenShift as well as then clients get very comfortable with deploying OpenShift for other use cases. It's a workload at the end of the day for OpenShift, and as clients get comfortable, they might deploy it for other purposes as well.
In terms of the financials, I'll pass it to Jim.

Jim, to make it into business terms or a use case, what that tells you is that when they renew, they are actually buying more volume, which means it's the beginning to become a larger part of the real estate -- technology real estate at a client.

All right. Thanks, Keith. Important question and an important element of our thesis going forward. So we've been clear that our Cloud & Cognitive Software will grow mid-single digit going forward. And you're questioning, Keith, how is that going to be possible? So first and most important element, Red Hat today is sitting at about, in rough numbers, 25% of the business, growing at about 17% this quarter, let's call it, 15% in the medium term. But as opposed to being 25%, it's going to go up and up to become 35% of the total and over a longer term, even more. So 15% for 1/3 of the business, you kind of get the contribution from that, which is quite significant. 
Also, as we are both innovating organically, example in Cloud Paks, and we are acquiring businesses that are going to turbocharge [ a bit of -- upon ] Turbonomic, our business there on both management as well as on cybersecurity, we expect to see very high growth rates there, high single digit, that is well above the mid, maybe into the low double digits. 
Will we see declines in some parts of the portfolio? We've been very transparent. We expect TPP to be between mid- and high single-digit decline in the mid to long term. But it becomes a smaller and smaller portion of the total. So it has a drag from there. Cognitive Applications, we expect to be right in there, but it's the smallest part of the portfolio. It's not the biggest part of the portfolio.
And so to just recap on that, number one, Red Hat, growing in the mid-teens. As it becomes bigger, a bigger absolute contributor to the total. The rest of the cloud and data platform with a mixture of both organic innovation and inorganic acquisitions is going to then contribute to growth at or above the mid-single digits in the medium term. TPP, mid-single-digit decliner. Cog Apps, probably right in line with the model. So hopefully, Keith, that gives you a breakdown into a lot of pieces. By the way, the Db2 that you mentioned declining is very much inside the TPP. So those are not really different questions. Db2 mainframe and TPP are one and the same.
So let me just make a couple of comments to wrap up the call. We again made progress in this quarter, but we acknowledge we still have more to do. As we move into the second half, we are continuing to invest and execute on our actions, which include the separation of Kyndryl. All of this positions IBM to exit the year in a strong position on a path of sustainable growth, and I look forward to continuing this dialogue with you.