Hello, everyone. As you all know, we are in the midst of an unprecedented global public health crisis. I'd like to pause for a moment and say that my heart goes out to all those dealing with COVID-19. One of the first commitments I made was to be transparent and open, not just with our employees and our clients and partners, but with our investment community as well. In that spirit, I will participate, not just today, but in earnings calls from now on. 
There are a few topics I'd like to cover with you today: first, I'll revisit areas I've talked about; second, I'll tell you about what we have accomplished in the last 2 weeks; and finally, I'll tell you about areas I intend to focus on in the near future, and then I'll quickly touch upon our Q1 results. Let's start with the areas I've talked about. 
I have told our teams, it is essential that we deepen our understanding of our clients' journey to hybrid cloud and AI, which will result in hybrid cloud as the fourth platform. We remain obsessed with continually delighting clients, and we further established IBM as the gold standard for good tech. All these are underpinned by our culture that fosters growth and an entrepreneurial mindset. I see these as our collective priorities.  
I'll move on to what's been done in the last few weeks. Despite the challenges we are facing as a result of the global crisis, we remained steadfast in our commitment to employees, clients and society at large. More than 95% of our 350,000 IBM-ers are working remotely now. In addition, about 8,000 of them remain at essential sites to carry out mission-critical work. As our clients adjust to this new normal, they need a partner they can trust. IBM is that partner. This isn't just about helping our clients navigate the crisis but to ensure that they emerge stronger and more resilient. To that end, we have taken concrete steps to bundle existing offerings to address the shifting needs of clients such as leveraging hybrid cloud, using AI for automation and enabling remote work. 
Another area we've been focusing on has been to mobilize IBM and IBM-ers to help with the global battle against COVID-19. Here are some examples: The computing power, over 360 petaflops that we have helped convene for researchers; the weather channels, COVID-19, country-by-country map, which saw more than 40 million visits in the first week of launch; the AI assistance that can answer citizens' questions about COVID-19, 21 of them live today and nearly 90 being rolled out; and the educational resources available to anyone anywhere. We are doing great work helping the city of New York and are delivering 300,000 tablets with educational software and free cellular data connections that can help students learn remotely. 
When we add this all up, we have done the math. In just a few weeks, we have already committed over $200 million in terms of contribution and volunteer time. I'm extremely proud of IBM's response to COVID-19. 
Now I want to tell you about some areas of focus for the near future. I want to be clear, the ultimate outcome that I am absolutely committed to is growth for our company as we emerge from the pandemic. A key area of focus is to ensure that IBM leads into 2 major transformational journeys our clients are on: cloud and AI. IBM has already built 3 enduring platforms: mainframe, services and middleware. The fourth one is hybrid cloud. Clients, however, need more than a platform. They need our deep industry expertise. This is why the services that clients rely on to build and manage the hybrid cloud platform is a massive opportunity for IBM. It's nearly half of the $1.2 trillion hybrid cloud opportunity. 
IBM, together with Red Hat, have unique sources of competitive advantage we can leverage to win the architectural battle for cloud. There's our open-source and security leadership, our deep expertise and trust, but also the fact that we give clients the unique ability to build mission-critical applications once and run them anywhere. Together with Red Hat, we are establishing Linux, containers and Kubernetes as the new standard. This is winning the architectural battle for hybrid cloud. 
Let's talk a little bit on how we take this to clients. I want IBM-ers to lead with a more technical approach. I want our teams to showcase the value of our solutions as early as possible. Likewise, there must be a relentless focus on quality. Our products must speak for themselves in terms of user experience, design and ease of use. My approach is straightforward: I am going to focus on growing the value of the company. This includes better aligning our portfolio around hybrid cloud and AI to meet the evolving needs of the market. We will continue investing, including acquisitions. As you have seen, we have divested parts of software and services that did not align with our focus areas. This will continue. The past few weeks have catapulted us into the world of virtual selling and remote delivery. These entails new ways of working. This is a reminder we should always be asking ourselves, "is there a better way to do this?" If you don't question why you're doing things, you'll never evolve into something better. What's clear is our confidence in our strategy and our portfolio, which is focused on hybrid cloud and AI. 
Before turning to Jim, I want to comment on our results. In the first quarter, we had modest revenue growth, that's net of currency and divestitures. We entered the quarter in a good position with momentum from the end of last year. However, in the last few weeks, we faced a shift in client priorities towards the preservation of capital. This impacted software disproportionately, and Jim will comment more on this later. The other parts of our business maintained modest momentum. We're entering this challenging environment from a relative position of strength. Our clients are enterprises that run the most essential processes of the world. Our balance sheet is strong, and Jim is going to take you through that. 
I believe that what we are going through today, with the shift to remote work, automation, application modernization, will accelerate our client shift to hybrid cloud. This gives me immense confidence in our future. So I will turn it over to Jim to take you through the quarter, and then we'll come back at the end for Q&A.

Thank you, Jim. We have taken the importance of transparency seriously, and so it was a tough decision to withdraw guidance. But these are unprecedented times, and this quarter is not the time to declare that we have clarity. That does not benefit us, and it does not benefit you as investors and analysts. With better clarity on the economic recovery, we will provide an update at the end of the second quarter. But please note, there's a difference between the ability to accurately predict near-term revenue or earnings per share number and confidence in our business over the longer term. And I have confidence in our business.  
On the different scenarios, we have ample free cash flow and liquidity to support the business and secure our dividend. We are entering this environment from a position of strength. So over to Patricia for the Q&A.

Okay. Thanks, Amit. Let me start with talking about the portfolio and your questions on investment. So look, obviously, the portfolio is something I evaluate deeply. We do it all the time and continuously. But I do want to caution that in the immediate period, which is right now, we've got to focus and put our priority on supporting our employees and clients. 
Now investment to us encompasses both. It encompasses both organic investments and inorganic or acquisitions. We've been clear that we will acquire when we find properties that are both attractive but that fit our strategy. And hybrid cloud and AI are the focus of our business moving forward. But when we talk about hybrid cloud, it is an all-in. And I'll just give a quick reflection on Red Hat. We had Linux at the core. We had OpenShift surrounding it. We put all of our middleware on OpenShift. We have hundreds of GBS projects already leveraging both the Cloud Paks and OpenShift to make application modernization. And then eventually, we'll find services also running those modernized applications for our clients. You'll find there are many, many properties in that -- in my broader definition of hybrid cloud that will fit that, and did too data on AI, where AI should be looked upon as the way to get the value out of the data that people collect, both their internal data and external data.
Now I don't want to over comment on big or small. Size is not a strategy. It's about being thoughtful and strategic. And so you should expect that over time, more time meaning just that it get passed the next few months, we will get back to an acquisitive strategy. Jim?

Wamsi, good to hear from you. With respect to a more technical approach to selling, it's a journey we have been on -- well actually, the current crisis, in effect, catapulted us or accelerated what we are doing. And I'll touch on sort of 3 elements. We have always wanted to have our product teams do a lot of demonstrations and proof of concepts that we are now going to do them virtually where we stand the properties up on our public cloud and then allow the clients to sort of play around with them. And so you take away the weeks of doing it in a more traditional manner. 
Second, in our services teams, they're doing a lot of what they call virtual garages. So a garage used to be that we would have our consultants and our implementers sit side-by-side with a client and go do those. But when you do have social distancing, and it's not just us, our clients don't really want us on-premise either, we have now become -- begun virtual garages, but there's an advantage there, by the way. A bigger advantage is it allows you to actually get access to skills that are around the globe, not just those that may be physically coresident at a client. And that is, again, a much more technical approach. 
And then third, with a lot of remote delivery happening in the GTS part of the business, they're also bringing a much more technical solution to bear through this. So those are the elements that I mentioned. But you can expect us to do more and more of this as we go along. And Jim, I'll give it to you for the second part.

Thanks, Toni. Look, Toni, if you look at our industry, it's a fast-moving industry with a lot of change that goes on all the time. If I look at where we were 5 years ago, and if I fast forward to today, Red Hat was not there, Cloud Paks were not there, our cloud backlog inside services was a tiny fraction of what it is today. And I would look at all of that and say, it looks like, in aggregate, likely about half our business has changed in the last 5 to 7 years. That's, I think, the hallmark of a successful company, where you begin to change it. It takes advantage of the relationship, the value, the incumbency we have with our clients, but it also takes advantage of the fast-moving nature of technology.
Now the question you didn't ask, but I'll sort of put in there, is the question of the focus. I think the focus is going to be much more around what we've been talking about, is going to be around, in the near term, is going to be around hybrid cloud and AI, with likely quantum coming down the road, which I do believe has $0.5 trillion worth of value to give back to our clients since you gave me the 5-year horizon, not just a 1- or 2-year horizon. So let me sort of begin with that and say -- and that -- and it's hard to put that on a scale of 1 to 10 because you didn't tell me how much of a change is in 10, but I gave you the sense that probably half the things change. Jim?

Okay. Thanks, Matt. Let me start with that because, look, from -- April tends to be a month where, as Jim pointed out, it's not just in the first quarter. In every quarter, larger transactions do tend to get bunched up near the end of the quarter. I'd say that probably is more June than April. And you also asked a question on the annuity side of the business or what I would call subscription. We haven't seen, at least so far, any big change in the subscription side coming into April. Now there is no doubt because as both of us have pointed out, we do tend to run our clients' mission-critical workload. It's not the workload that will be the first to turn off. If anything, it will be amongst the last to get impacted. And so the subscription side, we feel quite good about. 
Now on the transaction side, so far, things are holding up, but it's too early to tell. That's one of the reasons you heard both Jim and I talked about withdrawing guidance because a little bit of progress is not enough to give us a full view into what will happen this quarter. Jim?

Thanks, Katie. Look, let me start. You said what KPIs or what metrics should you use. Look, I think I've been clear, we should look at growth as the metric, albeit once we begin to emerge from the pandemic. And it's impossible for me to predict how long this is going to be. You mentioned 2 scenarios, but I listened to all of you and your peers, and I don't have any particular crystal ball on this. The estimates are all over the place in both the depth and the length of the impact. 
Now the other one that I think you should hold us to in metric other than revenue or a pure financial metric, is the number of clients on which we are engaged on hybrid cloud engagements. We talk about it from a product perspective, we talked about 2,200 clients to date. But as you begin to wrap those also with services engagements, I think that's the second metric that is effectively a leading indicator towards the overall revenue metric because that's the pre conditioner for that. And that's where we're driving the entire company to. That's what I'm focused on. I run a war room on that every week, and that's what our sales forces are incented to go get done. 
So Jim, I don't know whether you want to add something. You know the answer to the question [indiscernible]

Hello, Tien-Tsin, good to hear from you. So you asked about criteria, size, accretion and this thing. Look, I think, on all 3, one that is easiest, size. Size is not a criteria, so I'm just going to put that to the side. As Jim has said a couple of times, we have enough inflex to do a fair number of things. And most things that we might eye, I think, are possible for us to be able to get done. So I'll put size aside and say that's not really an issue. 
You asked about accretion and decretion. Jim and I are clear, we manage the business for the long term. So if it becomes accretive after a year or 2, as we described about Red Hat, that's more than sufficient for us. It doesn't have to be accretive on month 1 or day 1. As long as it's a healthy business, provides us the current growth profile and provides us the ability to get sufficient synergy, both for IBM and for the property itself. Both have to be winners. It cannot just be one of us. Otherwise, it's not that attractive.
And then you said about criteria. The criteria is those things that make our clients value us even higher. And the areas we have chosen to be their trusted partner on is hybrid cloud and AI. So that's sort of the criteria, but please take a wide stance on hybrid cloud. Hybrid cloud encompasses how we connect private and public, it connects -- it includes how we might secure them. It might include the data that is inside those properties, provides more visibility. And as we shift that out over time, that will widen even more because the definition of what is the cloud market also tends to change over time. So hopefully, that answered your question. But it's something we give a lot of thought to.

I think, David, we're always looking at this and always looking at portfolio optimization. I would not say because of the pandemic or COVID-19 as we look at this. As you saw last year, we divested in the software portfolio, quite a few things that weren't core to hybrid cloud. They were around marketing properties and as-a-service properties around many of our retail clients. It didn't really necessarily fit or pull along or have synergy with the core hybrid cloud portfolio, so it made sense to divest them. I think we are done with that round, just to be upfront.
Now as we always look and say, does this or does this not bring value? Is it a reason for a client to have both, the core hybrid cloud portfolio and something because we reevaluate that all the time. But I don't have something to name for you that we are trying to do right now. As the quarters go along, as the months go along, we will do it. But I also want to be clear that for the next few months, we have to be focused on the stability of the business, and we have to be focused on making sure that we preserve our liquidity and our balance sheet. So that's what we're kind of focused on for the very near term.

Maybe I'll start, Keith, and begin to do it. Look, I think that -- I think we had acknowledged that the markets value growth above other things. So while we have always selected on high value. And to your point on clients, we measure our Net Promoter Score, or NPS, which I think is widely regarded as being one of the best metrics of how clients value what they're getting from you. And that has actually improved substantially. I think over 10 points, if I remember, over the last 2 years. So given that the NPS is improving, our clients are much more delighted with what they get from us. 
Now that said, the overall portfolio has to be able to grow to return -- to make investors happier. And that's why we are clear. You noticed me announced a lot of our management team at the beginning. I think this is a team that's going to be able to deliver growth back to the market. As Jim Kavanaugh, of course, and you heard him talk about capital allocation and how he's going to use that twin flex to enable both organic and inorganic investment. Jim Whitehurst, who many of you know well, who has dealt really well, both crises when he was at Delta and a growth when he was at Red Hat. Bridget van Kralingen, who has a strong record of understanding client needs, and we're going to drive some of the go-to-market changes we mentioned. Howard Boville that we're bringing in, who was at Bank of America, who has a deep empathy and understanding for some of our largest clients, but also who drove a lot of efficiency when he was at the bank, and he can bring those attributes to the clients as well. And Mark Foster, who has services and who has a real penchant for growth and for making sure that he brings value to our clients and services. We put all that together, and I think it is a team that can go deliver growth.
But let's also be clear. We can talk about which is important. Is it growth? Or is it only EPS? Or is it only liquidity? Look, liquidity is essential. Without that, no company is going to survive through the next period. And I don't know how long that period is going to be. So I think our obsession with that is going to serve us well in this period. But what you're hearing me say is that growth has to be an equal obsession to other metrics that are there, and we are going to go do that. So it may not be a completely full answer, Keith, but we'll probably get there as the months go on and we get more clarity.
So I think that was the last question, if I remember. So let me make a few comments to wrap up the call. These are truly unprecedented times. Over the coming weeks and months, we're going to continue to focus on our employees, our clients and how we can help broader society. As difficult as this crisis is, it presents an opportunity for IBM as a technology leader and as a trusted partner. Personally, it's an interesting and exciting time to be taking on this role. I look forward to continuing this dialogue with all of you, and we'll update you at the end of the second quarter. Thank you.