Hello, everyone. I'm pleased to be speaking with you again. In April's call, I talked about the impact of the global public health crisis, and I told you about the important work we are carrying out to help the shifting needs of our clients. I also told you about the confidence I have in our strategy and our portfolio, which is focused on hybrid cloud as well as data and AI. All of this continues. 
Today, there are 2 topics I'd like to cover. First, I want to tell you about what we're seeing in the market, and then I want to discuss our priorities and actions we have taken to move them forward. From a market perspective, while the current environment poses certain short-term challenges, it also presents long-term opportunities that IBM will seize as our clients accelerate their shift to hybrid cloud and AI. The essential work that we do in terms of running our clients' mission-critical processes continues. More profoundly, we see that the digital transformation of businesses is accelerating. Our second quarter results demonstrate this with an increase of over 10 points in our cloud revenue growth over last quarter. 
The trend we see in the market is clear. Clients want to modernize apps, move more workloads to the cloud and automate IT tasks. They want to infuse AI into their workflows and secure their IT infrastructure to fend off growing cybersecurity threats. As a result, we are seeing an increased opportunity of large transformational projects. These are projects where IBM has a unique value proposition, but they are also projects that take time to shape and therefore to close. 
At the same time, we are feeling the impact of austerity measures that businesses have put in place to preserve cash and capital. Our software and services results reflect this reality. Jim will take you through this in more detail. Taken all together, this is the backdrop of our results for this quarter. They reflect the immediate challenges and long-term opportunities of this environment. 
Now let me move on and discuss my priorities moving forward. As I touched upon in our last call, IBM is focused on helping our clients in the 2 major transformational journeys they're on, hybrid cloud as well as data and AI. Hybrid cloud is a dominant force driving change in our industry, but it's far from universal adoption. Only 20% of the workloads have moved to the cloud. The other 80% are mission-critical workloads that are far more difficult to move. There's a massive opportunity in front of us to capture these workloads. 
When I say hybrid cloud, I am talking about an interoperable IT environment across on-premise, private and publicly operated cloud environments, in most cases, from multiple vendors. Why do we believe this is the future rather than a pit stop along the way? Clients find that choosing a hybrid cloud approach is 2.5x more valuable than relying on public cloud alone. This considers factors such as innovation, development time and portfolio optimization. 
Let me spend a minute to describe our hybrid cloud platform. It starts with Linux, which is the de facto operating system standard. We have a tremendous advantage with Red Hat Linux, which is the market share leader. Linux, along with Containers and Kubernetes, provides the architectural foundation of our platform, and OpenShift is our core product that captures all this and more. 
IBM has a vast software and middleware portfolio, which has now been containerized and runs on OpenShift and Red Hat Linux. The family of Cloud Paks we introduced in the second half of last year allows our middleware to run in a cloud-native environment and bridge our clients from the past to the future. This means clients can now deploy our software anywhere OpenShift runs. It is infrastructure-agnostic across not just public and private clouds but also our mainframes and power system platforms. 
OpenShift is also what makes it possible to develop and consume software in a new way. It's what enables DevSecOps and all the subsequent boosts in productivity, security and speed of deployment. Our hybrid cloud platform also includes a set of advanced technologies, such as Watson, analytics, encryption, IoT and many others. What gives our hybrid cloud platform the fuel it needs to accelerate adoption and become pervasive is the large ecosystem of partners we are building. 
We have gone to great lengths to forge a global correlation of best-of-breed ISVs. This includes recent additions like Adobe, Salesforce, SAP, Box and Slack. All are using our hybrid cloud platform to help clients modernize mission-critical workloads. We have done the same with major system integrators, Ernst & Young, Infosys, Wipro, Tata Consultancy Services, Tech Mahindra, Persistent Systems. All are examples that are helping expand the reach of IBM's hybrid cloud platform. 
Finally, you'll recall that nearly half the hybrid cloud opportunity lies in services. An important part of our platform's value lies in the expertise we provide to help clients on their journey. Whether that's modernizing apps, building cloud-native apps, migrating to the cloud or managing these applications on the public and private cloud infrastructures, we are currently helping hundreds of major clients on these journeys. 
I believe that our strategic vision is taking hold in the marketplace. I mentioned the acceleration in our cloud growth this quarter to over 30%. This hybrid cloud platform generated over $23 billion of revenue over the last 12 months. I just described the importance of Red Hat Linux and OpenShift to our platform, and Red Hat continued its momentum in the quarter, with the combination of IBM and Red Hat, driving strong revenue and bookings growth. 
Across the board, we are seeing greater demand for Red Hat products. Clients are eager to tap into open source innovation. They want the freedom to securely deploy, run and manage their data and applications on the cloud of their choice, and retaining that choice is critical. Clients such as Bharti Airtel, American Express, Vodafone, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Banco Sabadell and CaixaBank all see the value in a hybrid cloud architecture built by IBM and Red Hat. 
As part of our hybrid cloud strategy, a key focus is to help clients tackle complex and highly regulated workloads. Last year, we launched the financial services-ready public cloud with Bank of America, and we recently created a new program for ISVs and SaaS, Software as a Service, providers. I'm happy to share that we now have 30 ISVs signed up. This happened with great speed, and I am confident that more will join soon. 
So let me pause for a moment and remind you of the 3 priorities I shared with IBMers on my first day as CEO: one, help our clients on their journey to cloud and AI; two, win the architectural battle in cloud with Red Hat; three, continually delight our clients. These priorities remain the same, and you can see how we have made progress in all of them. 
At the same time, we have continued to deliver a series of new innovations in the last quarter. We launched our new edge and telco network cloud solutions built on Red Hat OpenStack and Red Hat OpenShift that enables clients to run workloads anywhere from a data center to multiple clouds to the edge. We also launched our AI for IT offering to give every CIO the ability to automate their IT infrastructure that immediately reduces cost and becomes more resilient. AI for IT runs across any cloud and works in collaboration with an ecosystem of partners that include Slack and Box. 
On quantum computing, we added an additional 4 systems which expands our fleet to 22 quantum computing systems. That includes 8 systems that have demonstrated a quantum volume of 32, a yardstick IBM has proposed to measure the relative power and usefulness of quantum computers. 
I've talked previously about the importance of both organic and inorganic investment to drive innovation. We recently announced 2 acquisitions that will enhance our hybrid cloud and AI capabilities. In June, we acquired Spanugo to boost our compliance and cybersecurity capabilities for the hybrid cloud. And in early July, we agreed to acquire WDG Automation that advances AI-infused automation capabilities into our Cloud Paks. 
Needless to say, this is a unique and challenging time for our clients. To continue to be their most trusted partner, we are spending a lot of time and energy to drastically simplify how our teams go to market. We're doing a lot of work on the back end to bring our portfolio together in a more cohesive fashion so our teams can come with simpler and more relevant proposals. We are also focused on changing our culture and operating model so we can make decisions more quickly and make our interaction with clients a lot more experiential. Jim will take you through a few of our more recent actions. 
Moving forward, we will continue to take actions that improve our operating model and accelerate our strategic priorities so that we can emerge stronger. 
Before turning to Jim, let me end by saying a few words on our commitment to corporate social responsibility. This has always been important to IBM. But as you know, with the current events in the United States, there has been a renewed focus to do more. As IBM's CEO, I'm fully committed to ensuring that IBM will continue to lead in this area. But this is also about skills and creating opportunity. Since 2011, IBM has helped to develop and expand a new public education model called P-TECH. P-TECH provides high school students from underserved backgrounds with the skills and credentials they need for competitive jobs in STEM. 
To that end, we recently made a commitment to hire 1,000 interns who come from P-TECH. To put this in context, we hire between 5,000 and 10,000 interns at IBM each year, so this represents more than 10% of our intern base. I'm always happy to expand later on this and other topics relating to our ESG efforts. 
Now back to the quarter and the business. Jim is going to take you through our results. Jim, over to you.

Jim, what's most important to me and to IBM is that we emerge stronger from this environment with a business positioned for growth, and I am confident we can do that. My focus will be on investing and maintaining flexibility to take actions, not just to strengthen our operating model but also to advance our strategic priorities. Now over to Patricia for the Q&A.

Thanks, Matt, for the question. Let me start and then I will give it to Jim for adding a bit more color and a bit more detail. So as both of us said on the call, we're seeing that there is -- it's 2-sided. We see opportunity in hybrid cloud. We see opportunity in digital transformation. We see opportunity in people as they're doing a return to the workplace and projects that all advance those things. Some of those give them long-term benefits, some give them a short-term benefit. That said, we are seeing that there is a negative on things that require CapEx, things that have very long-term payoffs and project-based businesses. 
If we think about the difference between third and fourth quarter, third is a bit lighter on transactions, fourth is very heavy on transactions. If we also look at some of those project-based businesses, we'll likely -- and this is where it's tough to give guidance, but it's likely that we see that the economic recovery is looking to be longer and more protracted than we might have hoped for back in March. And as we see that bouncing ball on the economic recovery, whether it's in the United States, in Brazil, in India, that has an impact on all of these elements. 
But the other thing that is important in some of the remarks that Jim made, we kind of have a 2/3, 1/3 mix, maybe a bit more than that in industries which are less impacted versus industries that are more impacted. And that, of course, will play out in our results as well. But let me give it to Jim to make some of those things more precise.

Okay. Amit, let me start. This is Arvind. And then we'll ask Jim to add a lot more color. So Amit, so clearly, since this is the last quarter where Red Hat was, I'll call it, inorganic, that clearly had an impact on this. That said, we are still actually quite happy with the results despite that, that had accelerated quite a bit from earlier and from both the first quarter and last year. So I'll just say it like that and leave it at that. 
The second part you asked was, are we just moving our people from one side to the other, or are we getting new wins? Amit, the vast majority of this, it is a big core of Red Hat as I described our hybrid cloud platform. That's not a left-to-right shift. That is actually net new. When we think about our wins in telecom, actually, those are places we were never present, actually, either of us, not just one of us. If you think about modernizing people's applications, that's not a shift. That's actually net new work for us. 
You asked about new logos. That may apply to a little bit of services. But for the company at large, look, we have a lot of clients. I mean like almost any enterprise of any size is already our client, especially on the product side of the house. So talking about them being new logos would be unfair. But are we getting into areas within them that we previously did not have access to? I would say we are absolutely doing that, and that's a big part why you see that 34% growth. So with that, let me give it to Jim for adding to that.

Toni, so you're very astute in your observations about linearity in second quarter. So let me just add a little bit of color to that. When we finished the first quarter, we were quite transparent in saying that March was a lot worse than we expected compared to what we see. I wouldn't use the word linear because on the transactional side, the last month of the quarter is a lot more. So I'll just compare to normal maybe as opposed to linear. 
When we entered second quarter, the annuity side of the business yields pretty evenly other than the slight, I'll call it, maybe 4% to 5% in volume that goes up and down. So that side is linear, approximately, and that didn't change. If you look at the transactional side of the business, I would tell you that the month of May was significantly worse than we would normally expect. And we saw that begin to come back in June but not really recover to normal levels. That's why I pause on saying will 3Q be better because -- since May was worse than June but June was still worse than we might have expected last year, so that tells us something about that. And then let me give it to Jim to also comment on the impact of the signings as well as more on the important linearity question.

All right. Thanks, Wamsi. So look, so I mentioned explicitly that half the opportunity is services. When we look at the market, that's a $1.2 trillion market for hybrid cloud, and about $550 billion, you could say maybe a touch more, is the services opportunity. So that's the almost half. Within that, the bulk of the opportunity is in application modernization and improving the end-to-end workflows of our clients' processes. So when you look at those elements and then you look at both private and public cloud, the nature of those operations is much more automated and much more captured in code than traditional infrastructure. That's my -- I guess my technologist's way of saying that the opportunity will be larger in GBS than GTS for those opportunities. 
However, I'll just put a caution that, that said, the run component does remain important. It's not that it goes away. But in terms of pure dollar opportunities, it's shifting more towards the GBS side on that side of the market as opposed to the traditional infrastructure. And we're seeing that play out in the mix of the opportunities because people need to get the work done first in terms of transforming their applications. And that innovation is what is driving their interest. And that's why you see us keep using the word transformational because that is where people see the huge opportunity of these projects. And so with that, Jim?

Katy, thanks for the question. I think as to deal -- I can't comment on is the business different or do we see it differently. I can comment on what we see. We have a lot of uncertainty in the economic environment around the globe. And when we look at it by geography, by continent or by industry, there's just so much variability that we can't answer it. In April, when we said that we'll have reevaluated 90 days, maybe we were a little bit optimistic that we would get more stability on the health, which in turn leads to the economic conditions. And that curve will begin to flatten in 3 to 4 months, which was, at that time, a reasonable but turned out to be a misplaced expectation. And so we just can't tell where those go. 
And because those have an impact, not in a month or 2 but over 6 to 9 months, even on portions of the annuity business, as Jim has been very clear, there is -- clients do get the ability to dial volumes up and down in some range. So that creates, for us, the inability to really want to give guidance that we are confident about. And so it's that mixture of confidence and uncertainty in the economics that makes us unwilling to provide guidance.

Thanks, Tien-Tsin, for the question. How meaningful can the large transformational projects be? So when we say large, these are typically projects that measure in the multiple hundreds of millions of dollars in contract value. So Tien-Tsin, you do the P times Q and you say, pick a number, is it $300 million, $400 million, $500 million in total contract value, and you do that, and you say those typically will give their full yield over 5 to 7 years. That's the kind of nature they take. 
And then you say, how many of those are we going to get done? We have a fairly large number of them in the pipeline. What we are hesitant to say is, will it take 3, 6, 9 or 12 months to get closed fully? Though we've been at it for a few months already. And so I think it is quite meaningful if we begin to close them. We will absolutely see the needle move on our services business as those begin to close and yield. 
Relative to past cycles, I think as we came out of past recessions or as we came out of different crises, I'm not sure I can call the dot-com bust, it wasn't quite. Maybe it was a minor recession, but it had definitely impacted the tech industry for sure. And we saw the impact of those kinds of projects, different nature. Now they're about movement to the cloud, journey to cloud, hybrid cloud transformation. Then they were more about perhaps of a nature of outsourcing and beginning to create a lot of efficiency in infrastructure management. So the nature of these projects has changed. And so let me let Jim add color to it and also talk about the annuity business.

Okay. David, let me maybe start, and then I'll ask Jim to add color. Look, we should acknowledge that we are never happy when a business is declining even at mid-single digits. So let's just -- we acknowledge that and then say, but then what are the elements under it, which is what you're asking about, what are all the moving parts. And given the large annuity nature of that business, that does reflect signings and commitments from the past, not just within the quarter. So that is there. And that means that you're looking at the revenue impact, that even if you have good signings, the revenue impact takes a long time to sort of make its way through the -- through that business and also in terms of the backlogs that are in that business. 
So when I look through the cyclical impacts there, I think that we want to be careful about trying to say that the trends change dramatically quarter-to-quarter. I think that those are places where it is going to take a while for the revenue trajectory in that business to change. And I'm not sure that looking at it combined, it is important to be able to leverage the parts of the business with each other, and there are some elements that can be leveraged. And that is why you refer to Mark Foster's role where he has both the services teams. However, they are very different businesses, and they are different business models. So I'm not sure that I would say that looking at them combined is a better indicator of how they're trending. Jim?

Thanks, Jim. So let me make a couple of comments to wrap up this discussion. I hope that what you've taken away from this call is that while these are challenging times, we are excited about the opportunity that we have moving forward. I hope you got that from the remarks that both Jim and I made in the Q&A and in the prepared remarks. 
We have aligned our offerings to the opportunity, the opportunity being that of hybrid cloud as well as AI. And I am certain we will continue to take the right steps to emerge stronger as a company, and I look forward to continuing this dialogue in the third quarter. In the meantime, I hope all of you stay safe and productive. Thank you.