Thanks, Mark. The second quarter was significantly stronger than we forecasted in April, and our results demonstrated our customers' preference to the performance of Intel XPUs as workloads grow, diversify and become increasingly complex. That leads for performance manifested in strong mix in ASPs across the business. Our Q2 results are proof points for the megatrends that underpin our strategy. The world's insatiable appetite for data is driving demand for solutions to process, store and move it faster and better. Customers want to work with partners who can deliver performance and platforms to address their most important technology challenges. 
Our data-centric businesses overall performed roughly in line with our April expectations. Data center and IoTG customers chose our highest-performing products leading to strong mix in ASPs. While our cloud customers absorb capacity they put in place over the last year, we continue to expect cloud demand to improve in the second half. Enterprise and government spending remains weak, however, particularly in China. 
PC demand continued to improve, particularly in the commercial segment. We now expect the PC TAM to be up slightly for the full year. Strong demand for our highest-performing products and the productivity and TCO gains they deliver continues. 
Mix was stronger than we anticipated. While small core supply improved, we were not able to fully satisfy customer demand for these SKUs in the second quarter. Tariffs and trade uncertainties created anxiety across our customers supply chain and drove a pull-in of client CPU orders into the second quarter. 
We also halted shipments to certain customers in response to the U.S. government's revised entity list. After a thorough review, we were able to resume shipments to some products in compliance with regulations and the net impact on the second quarter was limited. While we hope and expect trade issues to be resolved, further tightening of export restrictions would come with revenue risk to our business. As a result, we entered the second half of the year a little more cautious than we were 90 days ago. 
We met with many of you in May at our investor meeting where we outlined 3 major thrusts of our game plan to transform our company and grow. First, we're pursuing the largest opportunity in our company's history, a nearly $300 billion TAM comprised not just of CPUs for PCs and servers but of XPUs and adjacent technologies for an incredibly wide range of workloads and devices. Second, we're strengthening our product leadership by accelerating the rate of innovation. And third, we're evolving our culture and improving our execution so that we can play an even greater role in our customers' growth and success. I'll take a few minutes to share some of the progress we're making. 
I'll start with expanding our opportunity and expanding our TAM. Over the last few years, we have dramatically expanded our served market while the PC market was declining. Our served market now is more than 5x larger and growing faster, and we have reallocated spending to expand our capabilities in higher-growth areas. We are evolving Intel Inside from a CPU inside a PC to XPUs inside everything that processes, stores and moves data. Big bets in 5G, AI and autonomous systems are an important part of this transformation. 
In May, I outlined a disciplined framework for investing in and evaluating big bets as we expand into new markets. First, we'll invest where we have an opportunity to lead major technology inflection. Second, our investments should allow us to play a larger role in our customers' success. And finally, they must show a clear path to profitability and attractive returns. 
Network infrastructure, which is transforming as the industry transitions to 5G, is one of our most important areas of investment, and we are laser-focused on this opportunity. This business is growing at a 40% CAGR since 2014 from just over $1 billion in revenue to more than $4 billion last year. The network cloudification that comes with 5G expands our opportunity in the core network and at the edge as more data moves closer to where it is created. 
We expect to be in production on Snow Ridge, Intel's 10-nanometer system-on-chip technology for 5G base stations early next year. We've already announced that 2 large telecom equipment manufacturers have committed to this architecture, and we're on track to 40% share in this market segments by 2022. 
While the 5G network opportunity meets each of our investment criteria, the 5G smartphone opportunity does not. This is why we decided to exit the 5G smartphone modem business and conduct an analysis of our options for the remaining parts of that portfolio. Today, we announced the sale of the majority of our 5G smartphone modem business to Apple. This deal preserves Intel's access to critical IP we have developed. It enables us to focus on the more profitable 5G network opportunity where we are growing and winning share. 
Another growth market we're gaining share is the Internet of Things. We are using our architecture, accelerators and software assets combined with unmatched scale and partners to develop one of the industry's fastest-growing IoT portfolios. Taken together, the IoTG and Mobileye businesses grew at 22% over last year after adjusting for the sale of Wind River. More intelligence is moving to the edge and more industries want to harness the power of data to create business value, innovate and grow. Devices and systems are becoming more autonomous. This is a trend IoTG is shaping and capitalizing on. 
Our team's work is producing outstanding results. In the second quarter, we grew at roughly 3x the market rate and are positioned to significantly outgrow the market over time. Here again, we saw demand for performance and strength across all verticals we served with computer vision being an especially critical workload. 
Mobileye is positioned to lead another huge opportunity, autonomous driving. This business has grown at more than 30% CAGR since we acquired them in 2017. Our market leadership continues to build momentum with 20 new design wins this year, representing 11 million lifetime units. Nissan's ProPILOT 2.0 and NIO's pilot vehicles have begun production featuring Mobileye base L2+ system for hands-free assisted driving technology. I visited the Mobileye team in Israel last month and was treated to an autonomous ride through the streets of Jerusalem. The progress we are making in Level 4 and Level 5 autonomy is extraordinary. Our mobility as a service JV with VW for deploying a commercial robotaxi service in Tel Aviv by 2022 is on track. Global coverage of REM, or Road Experience Management, mobilized real-time crowdsourced mapping capability, is expanding rapidly. Several major auto OEMs, most recently Ford, are adopting this breakthrough data-centric capability.
To understand the power of this data, consider this: 1.5 million kilometers is sent to the cloud daily for BMW production vehicles. With the data collected from just the last 4 weeks, Mobileye was able to automatically map 94% of the German autobahn and motorway network. And the commercial opportunity for REM extends beyond real-time maps for vehicles. Since announcing the agreement earlier this year, Mobileye and Ordnance Survey have jointly launched a service that delivers high-precision road network location data to companies across multiple sectors. 
Artificial intelligence is a $10 billion data center silicon opportunity by 2023. And today, it's fueling cloud customer demand for solutions that accelerate demand in AI workloads. This is evidenced by the fact that key cloud customers, most recently Baidu, are collaborating on our Nervana Neural Network Processor for Training or NNP-T. NNP-T will sample to customers later this year, expanding our already diverse AI portfolio which spans multiple architectures, including ASICs like NNPI, TPUs, GPUs and FPGAs. All unified by single programming model, One API. 
The second major element of our game plan is extending product leadership by accelerating the rate of innovation. The future of computing will require a solution-oriented mindset building on 6 pillars of innovation. Over the last 50 years, Intel has delivered breakthrough after breakthrough in computing performance that has propelled technology and society forward. We are far from finished as our product and customer announcements over the last quarter demonstrate. 
Our Data Center Group just announced a very important strategic partnership with SAP to optimize Intel's platforms, including Xeon Scalable processors and Optane DC persistent memory for SAP's end-to-end enterprise software applications, including SAP S/4HANA. For over a decade, we have worked closely with SAP and developing differentiated breakthrough technologies that make organizations run more efficiently. The broadening of our strategic partnership with SAP will allow our mutual customers to accelerate the organization's digital transformation by deploying SAP business applications optimized for Intel-based infrastructure in the cloud, on-premises and in hybrid environments. 
Our ecosystem partners have already received Icelake server samples. We are making good progress on Icelake server and are now planning to start production wafers in the first half of 2020 with the volume ramp in the second half of the year. 
Both yield and defect density are ahead of schedule for our 10-nanometer data center products. Cascade Lake, which is ramping now, is on track to be one of our fastest ramping products ever, and we have a great solution for our customers in the first half of 2020 with Cooper Lake in the same platform as Icelake. We are working more deeply with our customers to understand their needs and become the partner that they rely on to innovate and grow their businesses. They challenge us. It's producing results, and it's making us better. 
For example, in the second quarter, we announced a strategic partnership with Google to collaborate on Anthos, a new reference design based on the second-generation Xeon Scalable processor and an optimized Kubernetes software stack that will deliver increased workload portability to customers who want to take advantage of hybrid cloud environments. These deep customer engagements are frankly one of my favorite parts of the role. 
We are constantly thinking about how we can help our data center customers harness the potential of data by processing, storing and moving it more efficiently. And a central part of the equation is interconnect technology, which is why we recently announced our intention to acquire Barefoot Networks. Barefoot Networks is an emerging leader in Ethernet switch silicon software with the programmability and flexibility necessary to meet the performance needs of the hyperscale cloud. We closed the transaction this week, and we are excited to have the Barefoot team as part of the Intel family. 
Our client computing customers can look forward to exciting new Intel products this year. In the second quarter, we launched a special edition of the world's best gaming processor, the Core i9-9900KS. We also launched our new 10th Gen Core product family codenamed Icelake, which integrates WiFi 6, Gen11 graphics and AI acceleration. 
While we are delivering on the present, we are also creating the future. Intel Labs is researching completely new architectures like quantum and neuromorphic computing that promise incredible leaps in performance and power efficiency. Neuromorphic computing strives to emulate the neural structure and operation of the human brain, which could deliver big advancements in artificial intelligence by allowing computers to sense, learn and behave more naturally and efficiently. Just this month, we announced an 8 million neuron neuromorphic system comprising 64 Intel Loihi research chips that's now available to the broader research community.  
Finally, we are evolving our culture and improving execution because our customers are counting on us. Our process technology road map continues to improve, and we're making excellent progress on 10-nanometer. We began shipping Icelake clients in the second quarter supporting systems on the shelf for the holiday selling season and expect to ship Agilex, our first 10-nanometer FPGA later this year. We now have 2 factories in full production on 10-nanometer. We are also on track to launch 7-nanometer in 2021. With a roughly 2x improvement in density over 10-nanometer, our 7-nanometer process, which will be comparable to competitors' 5-nanometer nodes, will put us on pace with historical Moore's Law scaling. 
We're also making steady progress increasing CPU supply. Through our investments, focused execution and tighter customer collaboration, we expect our PC CPU supply will be up mid-single digits this year while we expect the PC TAM to grow slightly. We'll continue to work with our customers to meet their required product mix and ramp additional capacity to ensure we are not a constraint on their growth. 
A final point of pride in the second quarter that speaks to Intel's values is the release of our annual Corporate Responsibility Report, which highlights the progress made over the last year toward our 2020 goals around environmental sustainability, supply chain responsibility, diversity and inclusion and social impact. We achieved a number of our 2020 goals ahead of schedule: energy conservation, nonhazardous waste recycling, workforce diversity and technology empowerment. Being responsible stewards of the communities in which we operate is central to our culture and it is helping us transform and deliver the results you expect of us. I'm proud of what our team has accomplished over the last quarter and look forward to sharing more proof points of our progress with you in the coming months. 
With that, I'll hand off to George, who will take you through the financial details.

Chris, it's Bob. First, I would say that during the course of this year, as George mentioned in his prepared comments, we lost a little bit of share in the second quarter particularly in CSG at the low and small core primarily due to supply constraints. And our expectation is that we'll begin to work our way back in the second half of the year given the capacity we put in place to have more supply and meet our customers' demand. But stepping back and just looking at the macro environment over the next several years and particularly in the second half of the year on the data center side, what we've indicated is it will be a much more competitive environment. Our intentions are with a -- not a 90% share position, but more like a 23% share position that we have significant prospects for growth across multiple aspects of our business. And our intentions are over the -- over that time frame to continue to grow our data-centric collection of businesses at or above market rates to grow. So that's consistent with what we said back in January. We reiterated it again at our May Investor Day and nothing's really changed from that standpoint.

Ross, it's Bob. I'll comment and then George will pile on. First, on growth overall, we had -- cloud, I'd still put in the relatively soft category to the first half of the year as the cloud players continue to digest. And our expectations have been and still are that cloud will get a little bit stronger as we go into the second half. And as George mentioned, comms has been low single digits as our customers begin to build up for the transition to 5G, so we expect that growth to  probably materialize more as we go into the latter part of this year, but I think more in 2020. Enterprise and government has been brutal through the first 6 months of the year. Q1 was really soft. Q2 was even softer. And while we don't like it, it's been pretty much in line with how we expected the first half and even the second half of the year to kind of play out. A couple of dynamics. You'll remember last year was really strong for enterprise and government. Growth was much stronger than we expected. Our belief at the time is that, that was largely a function of increased digital transformation by CIOs, a favorable tax reform environment that gave them a little more capacity to spend. And we benefited from that tremendously last year. So the first half of this year, even the second half comps -- or comps are much tougher. And I would say our sense is that CIOs, broadly speaking, are a little more cautious as they go into the second half of the year. And then when you just take -- that's a broad-based comment. And then when you take China into account, China is even worse than that. So our thoughts to the first half of the year and even going into the second half of the year is the E&G environment won't get dramatically better. Cloud will get a little bit stronger and comms will get a little bit stronger in the context of our overall full year guide.

I would say we're still roughly in that ballpark. We haven't really changed our view of the full year to maybe a little bit that slipped into the first half relative to our original second half expectations on the pull-ins even though it's more of an impact on the PC side that we saw a little bit of that in DCG. So now we're looking to a strong second half for DCG.

To George's point, while we're not big fans of growing inventory, we feel great about qualifying the Icelake product in the second quarter. And that qualification is the single biggest reason for the step function and inventory from Q1 to Q2. So we knew if we executed on our plans of the Icelake clients qualifications, we'd have a step-function inventory and we feel good about getting that qualification done and behind us. The implications of that is the higher balance in Q2 versus Q1.

George, the only thing I would add on the depreciation is there's nothing kind of out of the norm. There are 2 fairly big dynamics that happened over the course of the next several months. One is over time, we had more and more of our 14-nanometer equipment that's fully depreciated. So as you know, that's been our engine for a while, and we'll have more and more fully depreciated assets that are at work. That's obviously favorable. On the flip side, we have -- we talked about ramping 2 fabs and we've had a lot of assets under construction on our balance sheet that weren't being depreciated. So in one sense, you have a drop off from the life of 14-nanometer equipment. At the same time, you're deploying some of the 10-nanometer equipment that we bought previously. So those 2 things underneath the cover at the macro level to George's point, there's not a dramatic change. But underneath the cover is just 2 fairly big dynamics in the makeup of our equipment base and what's fully depreciated versus what's being put into service.

Yes. And I think the only thing that I would add to that is relative to where we were in April looking out the second half of the year, we still have the threat of tariffs going up for goods coming out of China and the implication to that. And there's still a little bit of -- a little lack of clarity about the implications of the entity list and how quickly applications for licenses will be received and processed. So I think that the real -- we're kind of $900 million better in the quarter. It took the year off for $500 million. We attributed roughly $400 million to pull-ins. As we go into the second half, we're just the -- there's still a little bit unknown about what -- how this China thing is going to play out. And that's a big important market for us, and that's probably what makes me a little more anxious.

First, I'd start with, at the risk of repeating myself, a TAM of $300 billion, the largest TAM in the company's history with a pretty decent wind at our back in terms of this insatiable appetite for data and what it means for the products that we build and design. So we view ourselves as having a relatively low-share position with significant opportunity to grow. But at the same time, we know it's just --  we're not the only ones that have seen a data-centric world. That will be a more intensely competitive environment. And our expectations over time are to protect our market share position while continuing to invest in new prospects for growth. And that hasn't really changed. When you look at that by segment, we're going to be -- on the PC side, we've been protecting our position for the last couple of years. I'd say the competitive intensity on the PC side started probably in the first part of 2017. And during that time frame, we've either protect our position while moving end customers up to higher performance products that generate higher ASPs and with that have the capacity also to fight back and meet comps in targeted areas where we need to. So that's how we think about this big opportunity to grow, large market, protect our position while expanding into new vectors. And that transforms all segments, and we're a little more protective about some segments versus others in those cases, particularly when we're in a supply-constrained environment. So not a whole lot has really changed on that other than we know it's going to be more competitive and we try to take that into account as we thought about not only our second half outlook but our 3-year outlook.

Thanks, Mark. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. I'd just kind of close where I started. We had a -- the quarter played out much stronger than we expected. Revenue better, gross margin's better, spending in line, earning's greater. And therefore, from that confidence, we're raising our full year outlook and kind of feel good about our performance 6 months through the year. 
Secondly and just more importantly, we continue to really work the supply chain so we're never in a position that constrain our customers' growth. We've made good progress through the first half. But I think more as we go into the second half, we're just in a better position than we've been in a while. We still have work to do. We're still working with our customers, but we feel pretty good on the supply as we enter the second half. 
And then third, our progress on both 10-nanometer and our confidence in migrating from 10 to 7 continues to grow based on execution. So we kind of gave you a 3-year outlook. We consider this the second deposit of that 12 deposit 3-year outlook, and I'd say we feel pretty good about where we are. And we look forward to giving you another update 90 days from now about continued progress momentum on our multiyear journey. So thanks for joining us, and we look forward to talking to you again in 90 days.