Thanks, Trey. Q3 2019 was the best quarter in our company's history. We generated $19.2 billion in revenue and $1.42 in non-GAAP EPS, exceeding our guidance by $1.2 billion and $0.18, respectively. We achieved record revenue both overall and in our data-centric businesses while making continued progress on our strategic priorities. Simply put, our ambitions have never been greater. We are growing share in a large and expanding $300 billion market opportunity fueled by the exponential growth of data, which is reshaping computing.
 
I want to start with a recap of our May Analyst Day and our 3 priorities: Accelerating growth, improving execution and deploying capital for attractive returns. First, growth. It starts with a core belief. We are at a key inflection point with the exponential growth of data creating massive demand for semiconductors. Cloud workloads are diversifying. Networks are transforming. And more computing performance is moving to the edge.
 
We've been on a multiyear journey to reposition the company's portfolio to take advantage of this industry catalyst. Today, we have the product and technology leadership that uniquely positions us to capitalize on these trends and will invest in the IP required to help our customers win the inflections of the future.
 
The opportunity is massive. As we told you in May, we expect to generate $85 billion in revenue and $6 in EPS in 3 to 4 years. But that doesn't happen just by saying it. Achieving this goal means delivering on our operational and financial priorities every 90 days.
 
Growth starts with our Core business where our workload-optimized platforms are winning in a highly competitive marketplace. It's now been 9 quarters since the first Xeon Scalable processor launched, and we're proud to have delivered over 23 million units as customers rely on Xeon to power their data-centric workloads.
 
In the third quarter, leading cloud customers ramped our second-generation Xeon Scalable processors with AWS, Google and Alibaba deploying instances based on Cascade Lake. Customers including BP and TU Darmstadt selected our highest-performance Xeon Scalable platform, the 9200 series, for their most demanding workloads. One key reason customers are choosing Xeon Scalable is the platform's built-in workload acceleration for AI. With the combination of Intel Deep Learning Boost and AVX-512 technologies, we're seeing advantages of up to 9x in AI inference versus competitor CPUs.
 
We also see cloud and enterprise momentum building for our break-through memory technology, Intel Optane. This quarter, we announced a strategic collaboration with Oracle. Oracle is incorporating the high-performance capabilities of Intel Optane DC persistent memory into its next-generation Exadata platform, which powers high-performance database infrastructure at most of the world's leading banks, telecoms and retailers. And in client computing, we're excited that all our major PC OEM customers have Ice Lake designs, with 18 already shipping out of a total of 30 expected to launch this year.
 
We recently announced the next generation of Intel Xeon W and X-series processors for high-end desktops. These platforms lead the industry in bringing Intel Deep Learning Boost-powered AI acceleration into high-end PCs and mainstream workstations for the first time. Available soon, these products deliver performance and value that give enthusiasts and creators more reasons to keep choosing Intel.
 
We've also embarked on a multiyear program, called Project Athena, that charts a course for the PC ecosystem to raise the bar on laptop innovation. Amazing devices like the Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 and the HP Elite Dragonfly that meet the Project Athena spec are already available.
 
Our PC and server franchises are vital, but our ambitions are even greater. We're extending our product leadership to power an increasingly 5G- and AI-enabled world. We have multibillion-dollar networking and IoT/Edge businesses delivering double-digit growth, and AI is driving significant revenue across our product portfolio.
 
We began investing 10 years ago in network IP, SoC capabilities and software so that we could drive workload convergence on Intel's silicon. Today, we achieved #1 share in the network and silicon market with expected 2019 revenue of more than $5 billion, growing at 12% this year. We're also well-positioned for 5G deployments in 2020 and expect to grow our market segment share in wireless base stations to 40% by 2022. And we're ready for the next market inflection as 5G enables significant new IoT and Edge growth opportunities that extend from in-network and on-premise Edge equipment to smart connected endpoints.
 
Winning here means blending the right compute performance per watt with the emerging killer apps of the Edge, Computer Vision and AI inference acceleration. These are the differentiating capabilities that have propelled our IOTG and Mobileye businesses to leadership share and the combined annual revenues approaching $5 billion. The businesses are also growing quickly, up 18% year-to-date, excluding Wind River. We're only at the bend of the curve in the Edge opportunity, and we're investing to lead.
 
Finally, artificial intelligence. AI is becoming a pervasive use case. According to IDC, 75% of enterprise applications will use AI by 2021, and that's why we're infusing AI in everything we build. But this isn't just about the future. We are driving meaningful AI revenue inside Intel now. With products spanning from the data center to the edge, we expect to generate more than $3.5 billion in AI-driven data-centric revenue in 2019, up more than 20% year-over-year.
 
We're confident in our growth, but we also need to improve our execution on multiple fronts. First, supply. We've increased our output in response to stronger-than-expected demand. We've invested record levels of CapEx the last 2 years to expand our capacity and support our customers' growth. With that investment, we've increased our 14-nanometer capacity 25% this year while also ramping 10-nanometer production. We expect our second half PC Client supply will be up double digits compared to the first half, and we expect to further increase our PC Client supply by mid- to high single digits in 2020. But that growth hasn't been sufficient. We're letting our customers down, and they're expecting more from us.
 
PC demand has exceeded our expectations and surpassed third-party forecasts. We now think the market is stronger than we forecasted back in Q2, which has made building inventory buffers difficult. We are working hard to regain supply/demand balance, but we expect to continue to be challenged in the fourth quarter.
 
Our manufacturing process node execution is also improving. We have fabs in Oregon and Israel in volume production on 10-nanometer and will soon start 10-nanometer production in Arizona. Yields are improving ahead of expectations for both client and data center products. The Intel 10-nanometer product era has begun, and our new 10th Gen Core Ice Lake processors are leading the way.
 
In Q3, we also shipped our first 10-nanometer Agilex FPGAs. And in 2020, we'll continue to expand our 10-nanometer portfolio with exciting new products, including an AI inference accelerator, 5G base station SoC, Xeon CPUs for server storage and network, and a discrete GPU. This quarter, we've achieved power-on exits for our first discrete GPU, DG1, an important milestone.
 
As we discussed at the May investor meeting, we are accelerating the pace of process node introductions and moving back to a 2- to 2.5-year cadence. Our process technology and design engineering teams are working closely to ease process design complexity and balance schedule, performance, power and cost. We are on track to launch our first 7-nanometer-based product, a data center-focused discrete GPU, in 2021, 2 years after the launch of 10-nanometer. We are also well down the engineering path on 5-nanometer.
 
Last, a few thoughts on our capital deployment priorities. We are confident in our future, and our Board has approved an additional $20 billion share buyback authorization. We have an excellent balance sheet, generate strong free cash flow and continue to invest in R&D and CapEx to grow. We've also returned 100% free cash flow to shareholders over the last 10 years.
 
At the same time, we're making tradeoffs. While we've increased R&D spending by more than $1 billion since 2015, we have reduced our total spending by 9 points over the same period.
 
Additionally, we have established clear criteria for our big bets like Mobileye, 5G, and memory and storage. Our ambitions are to play a larger role in our customers' success and generate attractive returns for our shareholders. And if we can't do both, we'll take swift action.
 
We are making great progress with our Mobileye acquisition. We've now shipped over 12 million EyeQ devices this year, up more than 40% over the same period last year. And in the third quarter, we delivered record revenue and secured 6 major new design wins, totaling nearly 10 million lifetime units.
 
We've increased our investment in 5G, but we've also announced our 5G smartphone modem exit and the sale of the IMFT fab to Micron. We expect those to close in the fourth quarter. And we continue to take steps to improve 3D NAND profitability and reduce memory CapEx investments while evaluating a variety of partnership options that can accelerate the path to profitability and improve returns.
 
We are confident in our multiyear business plan. And consistent with that, we are increasing our buyback commitment. We expect to repurchase approximately 20 billion shares over the next 15 to 18 months. We'll fund the buyback from proceeds we generate from partnerships and/or noncore asset dispositions and by returning approximately 100% of 2020 free cash flow to investors.
 
In summary, our energies are focused on accelerating our growth, improving our execution and allocating our capital wisely. Thanks to the team for a great quarter.
 
And now I'll hand the call over to George for more details on our Q3 results and business outlook.

Yes. Thanks, C.J. First, we gave a DC-centric guide of 6% to 8%. And yes, I would -- we didn't give DCG specifically, but I would say it's a little bit lower than our 6% to 8% data center growth, so you're in the ballpark.
 
On comms service, the comms -- this has been an extremely important aspect of the business for a number of years now where we've seen the programmability at the networks with NFV and software-defined networks an opportunity for us to migrate the networking environment to IA architecture. So we've been doing this for a number of years. It's been a fulsome growth for us over time. And in the quarter, the 11% growth was significant in and of itself, but remember, last year's third quarter was also up in the mid- to high 20s. So we continue to make good -- great progress.
 
What we see going forward in this business is really a big opportunity in 5G. So next year, you're going to see -- our good progress has been on 3G and 4G. Next year, we see real design wins that we've achieved, real growth as we go into that 5G world where we continue to see what we characterize as cloudification the network, more and more compute moving from the cloud and data centers out to a network and Edge. And that's been an opportunity for us that we've been investing in over the past, and we expect to be a big source of growth for us going forward.

Oh, boy. Was that your one question, John?

Yes. Okay. So first, I'd say in our -- obviously, we're well into Skylake, but the transition now is into Cascade Lake, and that's a higher performance SKU. In the quarter, the high ASPs were really driven by particularly cloud customers really moving to the highest end product within the Cascade Lake family. So we're seeing the transition from Skylake to Cascade Lake, and within Cascade Lake, real high-performance SKU that's our highest performance ASP. So that mix dynamic in Q3, I don't expect that to stay where it is. I think we'll go to more of a balance as we're into Q4 next year.
 
In terms of competitive dynamics, I would just say that we got a great lineup of products. We got Skylake to Cascade Lake. First half to next year, we're looking at Cooper Lake. As we talked before, we're really excited about Ice Lake server coming out in the second half of next year. And we realize it will be a more competitive environment, and we've tried to capture that in essence in how we think about 2020 for both demand equation but also the margins that we've flagged a little bit on the -- on our Q2 call back at Analyst Day, I think.
 
So good quarter, good momentum first half to second half; high performance SKUs driving real high ASPs even though, you're right, that the ASPs with comms have a tendency to be a little bit lower.

Yes. Thanks, Joe. First, just kind of try to put it in to context. Over the course of the last 3 years, I guess, we've grown the business by about 20%, so $13 billion in revenue over the last 3 years. And the practical reality is we didn't anticipate that kind of explosive growth 3 years ago. So we didn't have the capacity in place to deal with it. We've been working our tails off for the last 12 months to ensure for our customers that we wouldn't be a constraint on their growth. From the last 2 years, I think, as you know, we've spent over $30 billion in CapEx to both have more capacity for 14 while we also begin to ramp 10.
 
In my prepared comments, I said we added 25% wafer start capacity 2018 to 2019. Our first half to second half unit volume will be up double digit, so we're making good progress throughout the course of the year, but our expectations were in the second half we will be back in a supply/demand equilibrium. And the fact of the matter is we're not there because the demand profile that's resulting in our $1.5 billion higher revenue is just higher than we had anticipated. So we have more work to do to meet our customers' demands in the fourth quarter and going into '20.
 
As we see fourth quarter, we're still going to be constrained in our customers' growth, which is absolutely where we do not want to be, but with the higher demand, we will be constraining the growth in the fourth quarter. But as we go into 2020, our expectations are we'll add another 25% capacity both for 14 and 10 and that we will have -- particularly for PC Client, we expect to be able to do mid- to high single-digit unit volume growth next year. And that -- we don't expect the market to grow that fast, but we got to have just more inventory buffers so we're there when our customers need us. So Q4 will be a little challenging, and in 2020, we expect to be able to rectify things.

Yes. It's a good question. Last -- back in our Analyst Day, we tried to go through this in quite a bit of detail, both, one, kind of our lessons learned coming out of the challenges we had with 10 and how we're capturing those lessons learned as we think about the next 2 generations. But first, our focus and energy is, right now, we're on scaling 10. And as we said, we feel very good about the capacity we put in place, the products we have coming down the pipeline and the yields that we're achieving, almost week-on-week improvement over the last 6 months. So for 10, we feel really good.
 
Second, we -- when we put the design rules in for 7-nanometer, we were less aggressive in terms of density. Our learning from going from 14 to 10 is -- with the benefit of hindsight, we were just -- we tried to scale at a 2.7 factor, and that was -- that ended up putting too much indention or revolutionary nodes into the fab environment to meet those kind of hurdles. And the learning from that is we just can't hit those kind of really aggressive targets when, to your point, the dynamics are getting increasingly challenging, so lots of learnings out of 10.
 
Our transition to 10 that we incorporated into 7, the design rules, there's less complexity. And for the last couple years, we've been working with EUV. Litho has been the challenge. We've had EUV that we've been working with for a few years now. And we expect to use EUV as we scale 7. And we indicated that our first product will be 2 years from this quarter, so fourth quarter of 2021, our first 7-nanometer product will come out. And our expectation is we'll get back on a 2-year cadence in 7 and beyond. So lots of learnings out of 10-nanometer that we've incorporated. And we said back in May and we reiterated today, we expect to be back to a 2- to 2.5-year cadence going forward, at least for the next few nodes.

Yes. I'll try because I'm not exactly sure I got the question, but yes, in terms of competitiveness, if that's the...

The question. Look, it's a more competitive world. And in that world, we just raised our full year outlook by $1.5 billion and increased our operating margin. So yes, I think, competitively, nothing's really changed in the last 3, 6, 9 months relative to what we expected, and our -- the only thing that's really changed is our performance. But we do know that, going into next year, that our role is to dramatically expand the role we play in our customers' success. So we're expanding the product, the architectures, the packaging technologies, the process capabilities and the software that we build so we can continue to deliver better and better product performance for our customers. And I'd just say that we feel really good about where we are, but we're not complacent by any means in terms of an increased competitive environment as we go into 2020.

Yes. Look, I think in terms of the makeup of the business, for data center, you got roughly 2/3 is cloud and comms and roughly 1/3 is enterprise and government. So that, as you know, has changed dramatically over the years as we've continued to grow our presence in the cloud, and as I mentioned earlier to Joe's question, I think, gained share in comms. So now we're in kind of 2/3, 1/3 state. And enterprise and government was -- across the board in DCG in the quarter, the strength was much higher than we anticipated back in July. We had a first half to second half acceleration, but the acceleration was just more than we expected. And yes, I would say we saw strength across the board.
 
But as we look at the E&G growth in particular, we're trying to determine what is kind of -- what has the tendency to like pull in versus what can we count on as we project things forward. And our best guess on our stronger performance is that the $1.2 billion that we are over, roughly $200 million of that was particularly related to enterprise and government than particularly related to China.

Yes. I mean, first, to the comment, yes, the -- nothing new about process relative to what we said at Analyst Day, ramp 10, 2-year cadence for 7 and our expectations that the cadence going forward will be more like 2- to 2.5-year time frame. So intently focused on 10 now and 7 for the product you mentioned in the fourth quarter. So we're investing to recapture process leadership going forward.
 
At the same time, we're going to be extremely open-minded about how do we ensure that we're building the best products, and where we build them is something that we'll always evaluate. I think, as you know with the other foundry players, they've been a source of our capacities over the years. And our expectation is, to the extent that they can do something to support our growth better and/or for peak kind of demands, we're always going to look at how do we evaluate the opportunity set that's going to position us best to meet our customers' demand for the growing diversity of products that we have in our portfolio.

Yes. I would probably just, I guess, echo. In all the complexity and all the moving parts, George kind of flagged -- what I'd characterize the 4 things that we're really dialing in on. One, going into next year, mix is going to be better because our modem volume will be lower and our NSG profitability will be better. So mix is going to have a -- mix has been a drag on 2019's gross margin, and it will be a big contributor as we go into 2020.
 
And secondly, on the first half of 2019, we had a lot of the on [ O ] costs, your cost of sales related to pre-PRQ 10-nanometer product. So that will not repeat itself. So those 2 things are good, favorable things.
 
The third thing is just -- George flagged this, I'd just simplify this node transition. And for us, node transition next year is going to be -- 14-nanometer will be a little better in terms of its profitability. Yields won't be dramatically different because we're extremely mature, but depreciation levels will be lower because a lot of these tools have been fully depreciated there because we've been on that node for so long.
 
But for the node transition, 14 will be a little bit better. Our expectation is 10-nanometer yields will continue to improve, but at the same time, the mix of 10 versus 14 will be a little bit of a wait. So node transition will work against us. And we also -- we've tried to, as best we can, take into account competitive dynamics as we exit this year and go into next year. In our quest to play a bigger role in our customers' success, we're going to compete to protect our position and expand the role we play.
 
So those are the 4 things and lots of complexity and lots of moving parts, but we -- a year ago, we dialed in 2019 pretty well. Now we've got to dial in 2020 as well.

Yes. I mean our intention next year is to not be a constraint on our customers' growth, first and foremost. And given that, what I indicated is we expect to increase capacity by 25% next year, which is the same kind of level that we did this year. We expect to do that again. So we believe that data center, we've been in pretty decent shape. But for client, we just want to get to mid-single-digit kind of unit output -- mid- to high single-digit unit output so, one, we can meet what we expect customer demand profiles to be but also so we can rebuild buffer levels of inventory so we can deal with these peaks, et cetera. So we're trying to put the capacity in place, but we think we'll meet the customer demand and try to give us the inventory buffer that has been depleted over the course of the last 9 months or so.
 
In terms of capital, I would just say we'll probably give you more detail on that come January, but George kind of laid out back in May a multiyear view of capital. There wasn't any dramatic changes from kind of where we are now. So obviously, that'll be a function of growth.

Yes. I think the trends -- the macro trends that we see haven't subsided at all, and that is this insatiable appetite for the creation of data and the need to compute, process, store, move, make that data more relevant. Those macro trends have been very attractive for the long -- for a while, and we expect those to continue.
 
But to your point, the -- our experience with the cloud providers is they go through big buying cycles and then relatively long digestion periods. What we did experience last year was a gangbuster year, but it's been 3 quarters coming into the third quarter where they went through digestions. And what we started to see in the third quarter was, particularly for high-performance compute, start to see them come back into the market to really begin to purchase a little bit more. So how long that cycle lasts is going to be a function of several variables, but their end demand seems to continue to be relatively strong. And therefore, the need to add capacity, we think, will follow their end demand given they've been out of the market a little bit for about 3 quarters now up 'til Q3.

Yes. Look, thanks for joining us. We feel great about the quarter. It's -- we're looking at -- we had a record quarter result, raising our outlook for the full year. The market we see, the trends we see are as big as they've ever been. And we're really focused on continuing to deliver for our customers.
 
10-nanometer era is now. We're ramping a multitude of products. We have increased confidence in 5-nanometer. And as we mentioned for 7 and 5 getting back to a 2.5-, 2-year cadence is what we're focused on. And we're confident in the future. And you're seeing both in the first 9 months of the year as well as with our higher share buyback that we're putting your money where -- to work to reduce the float because we think there's a disconnect between the intrinsic value of the plan we shared with you back in May and how we're trading. So with our balance sheet, we're taking advantage of that.
 
So thanks for joining us. Thanks for your questions. And we'll talk to you soon.