Thank you, Patricia, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our first quarter results reflects the changes we have made to position our business for the future. This solid start to the year reinforces our confidence in our strategy, and we now see revenue growth for 2022 at the high end of our mid-single-digit model. 
What we are hearing from clients is clear. Technology has become a fundamental source of competitive advantage. It is at the very center of how businesses scale and is no longer perceived primarily as a way to cut costs. This is especially true in our current environment. Harnessing the power of technologies such as hybrid cloud and AI remains essential as our clients face a number of strategic challenges and opportunities, whether it's competing for talent, supply chain issues, inflation, cybersecurity or geopolitical instability. 
We continue to see a strong demand environment for both technology and consulting as we help our clients respond to these issues. Over the last 2 years, we have been optimizing our portfolio, expanding our ecosystem and simplifying our go-to-market to capture this demand. This quarter, we again had double-digit revenue growth in consulting, and Software growth reflects solid performance across the portfolio. Our Infrastructure business, as always, reflects product cycle dynamics. Our revenue performance this quarter is a strong indication that our focus, our investments and our actions are paying off. 
Before we go further, let me say a few words about the war in Ukraine. We are, first and foremost, focused on the safety and security of our employees. IBM is providing help, including relocation assistance and financial support to IBMers in the region and matching donations from our employees around the world to nonprofits. In terms of the business impact from Russia, Jim will quantify but I'll say the impact is measurable but not large. 
Let me now turn to the progress we are making when it comes to our hybrid cloud and AI strategy. Hybrid Cloud is all about providing a platform that can straddle multiple public clouds, private cloud and on-premise properties that our clients typically have. The platform we have built is open, secure and flexible. At its core, it is based on Red Hat, which gives clients powerful software capabilities based on open source innovation. Our software has been optimized for that platform and helps our clients apply AI, automation and security to make their business work better. Our global team of consultants offer deep business expertise. They do this by co-creating with clients and finding ways to harness the power of technology to accelerate their digital transformation journeys. 
Our infrastructure allows clients to take full advantage of an extended hybrid cloud environment. This platform-centric strategy is producing solid results. We have more than 4,000 hybrid cloud platform clients, including 200 added in the first quarter. This gives us 2 avenues of growth from the incremental number of clients, but more importantly, it allows us to expand our software, consulting and infrastructure footprint at these clients. 
Clients such as Charles Schwab, Discover Financial and the U.S. Department of Education have all recently chosen IBM's hybrid cloud capabilities to digitally transform and build new and differentiated experiences and services. 
Clients also turned to IBM's AI capabilities to move their employees to higher-value tasks and improve their customer experiences. For instance, IBM is now working with McDonald's to pilot an automated drive-thru experience with Watson Orders. In addition, TD Securities is using IBM's AI-powered virtual assistant in support of their precious metals digital stores. We were recently recognized in this area as a leader in a Gartner Magic Quadrant. These highlight our ability to drive innovation in natural language processing and bring these new capabilities to clients. 
An important element of our platform strategy is our partner ecosystem, where we continue to gain momentum. We see this in IBM Consulting, where signings with our ecosystem partners were up more than 50% to $2 billion this quarter. In the first quarter, we continue to broaden our ecosystem. We announced an expansion of our strategic partnership with SAP, serving as SAP's RISE premium partner to help clients move workloads to the cloud. 
With Adobe, we announced a significant expansion of a partnership around the use of AI-powered weather data on the Adobe Experience Platform. 
We are collaborating with Worley and ABB to build a digitally enabled solution that will help energy companies build and operate green hydrogen facilities more efficiently and at scale. 
We also signed an agreement to join the UAE's network of Industry 4.0 champion, a major public-private partnership designed to accelerate the digital transformation of the country's industrial sector. 
Within IBM, we are making significant changes to the way we work to build a client-centric culture based on technical excellence. Our new client engagement model based on experiential selling, client engineering and co-creation is strongly resonating among clients. Over the last few quarters, sales productivity is rising, renewal rates are increasing and recurring revenue is growing. 
While we are focused on meeting the needs of clients today, we continue to shape the technologies of tomorrow. Most recently, we announced the IBM z16 platform in early April. z16 is designed for cloud native development, cybersecurity resilience and includes an on-chip AI accelerator. This allows clients to reduce fraud within realtime transactions. The z16 exemplifies our ability to drive critical innovations to a platform that remains essential to the world's economy. 
At the same time, we are bullish on the immense potential that automation represents. We firmly believe that our AIOps capabilities are poised to seize the significant opportunity. In the last quarter, we announced a new AIOps solution in collaboration with Flexera that is designed to automate software license compliance. 
Quantum is another example of our commitment to advance the fundamental signs of computing. by deploying the world's first 127-qubit processor, we are the only company to have an actual operational computer that is available on our cloud. Companies and governments around the world are taking steps to prepare for Quantum. As an example, we have recently forged new partnerships with HSBC and the Government of Quebec. 
Delivering organic innovation remains an important and constant focus. At the same time, we continue to make acquisitions to strengthen our portfolio and add value to our clients. In line with this thinking, we completed 3 acquisitions in the first quarter, Envizi, Neudesic and Sentaca. 
Clients partners, employees and investors are placing a premium on ESG. As the world moves towards a more circular and sustainable economy, clients need help on their journey. That is why we recently launched the IBM Sustainability Accelerator, a social impact program that applies IBM technology and consulting to help populations that are vulnerable to environmental threats. This is just one of the many efforts we have made around ESG, which you can see in IBM Impact, our first integrated ESG report that we released last week. 
I will wrap up by saying the results you are seeing this quarter are a direct reflection of our ability to execute against our strategy. Each quarter, we continue to strengthen our portfolio, expand our partner ecosystem and drive productivity and simplification through the business. IBM is now a very different company. We have, in effect, changed our company's trajectory. And while much remains to be done, we are beginning to reap the rewards of our hard-earned efforts, and we are confident in our trajectory for the year. 
Now let me hand it over to Jim who will share the details of the quarter and our expectations with you.

So just a comment on the economy and I'll call it demand. We are seeing very strong demand. As I said in my prepared remarks, I think technology has shifted from being just one aspect of a business to being the source of competitive advantage. When that happens, Wamsi, we think and we believe, and the past couple of quarters have borne this out, that demand for technology is going to sit at 4 to 5 points above GDP. So even if GDP falls to flat or if there's a quick recession or if it's a very slight recession, we see demand staying strong and continuing. Now I'll acknowledge, if you have something much more catastrophic, that's different. But for all the scenarios that we do outline and we do look at, we see that demand is going to continue in a growth phase for the foreseeable future. 
Jim?

Amit, let me begin by answering the question on both pieces. So if we look at it, we have always said our model for acquisition contribution is typically between 1 point to 1.5 points for the year. And so that remains steady in that range. 
We don't really look at that as coming up yet. I'll take it certainly if it gets above that, but that is not the case. So what we are seeing right now is strong demand on what you would call the organic part of the portfolio. And we can see that in the software portfolio, we can see that in the strong Red Hat growth. Consulting is largely, by the way, organic growth that is driving it because we printed 13% at actual, 17% at constant currency, and only a few points of that was acquired growth. So I would say much more organic than acquired. Acquired is in the range that we have called out before. So when you talk about here, Jim quantified, certainly, Russia is direct. And we quantified its impact in direct terms, that $300 million we don't really expect to see this year at all. 
Now when we look at overall growth in Europe, we are still seeing, and it is likely because we are a much more, I'll call it, mission critical applications. We are much more in fundamental transformations at our clients. And with the focus on financial volumes, on critical systems, on telecoms, utilities, health care, government, we tend to see that right now, the demand profile in Europe is staying strong. And so we are not seeing, at least at this point, that demand profile coming down. 
As things go on, that could evolve. As I've said before, it's our jobs to be concerned about all of these things, and we've been watching them very carefully. But with our book-to-bill ratios in consulting, which is kind of a leading edge, we see right now that the demand profile is continuing and has not slowed down at this point.

Yes. So Erik, this is Arvind. Let me start with addressing some of these, and Jim will help with some of the precise quantification. So if you look at this overall contribution that you're going through in all of these, let me first address the Kyndryl piece because that may be in some of your -- behind some of your questions. 
The Kyndryl contribution was largely in our mainframe Software segment, in the TPP segment. So I'll put it there and then we pointed it out. I think 28% of the 31% comes from Kyndryl. By the way, as an absolute amount, we expect that to stay going into next year, but obviously, it won't contribute to growth going forward after this October. 
Now as we look at some of the others, a lot of it comes down to the focus and nimbleness in which we are now operating the company, where we have a technology segment and a Consulting segment. I believe that, that is what contributed. Certainly, there was demand in the market for security because you asked that question, but the nimbleness and the focus of our teams now allows us to go fulfill that demand. And that is why you saw that growth rate come up by 7% to 8% between the fourth quarter, just looking at quarter-to-quarter dynamics. 
Then when you look at Red Hat, I think execution was very good. But Red Hat has been in the upper teens, and that is where we expect it to keep performing for the rest of this year. And that speaks to both the quality of the portfolio and the demand that's in the market. Of course, we always have to keep executing against that demand. So I think no real puts and takes in there in these 3. 
Now when we come to the data and AI and automation, I do believe that with some of the acquisitions we did last year and being able to fulfill the demand against those, that led to the second half of last year having an accelerated growth rate in automation. And we do expect it to remain within our model. Our model calls for mid-single-digit growth in both automation and data and AI. 
That said, let me tell you that my instinct from listening to our clients, from seeing what they want to do and from looking at all the shifts happening in demographics, meaning tech skills are very hard to get, I anticipate that for the market at large, there will be more and more demand in both in automation and in AI. Now the execution is on us to go fulfill against that demand.

Yes. Brian, thank you for the question. And it is one that we think a lot about and we talk a lot to our clients about to understand where they are. So if you look at the makeup of our Consulting portfolio, and that is we have very little of what I would call the infrastructure services. So those all went with Kyndryl. So what we have left is helping clients, and Jim talked about the very high growth rates with some of our ecosystem partners that is consulting around topics like Salesforce and Adobe and public clouds. Even in difficult environments, we believe that the adoption of those platforms is going to continue with all of our clients. 
Second, as we look at digitalization, so digitalization is not just taking something, I'll call it, and just coloring it and making it digital. But if we look at it as being one of the primary ways to address the labor demographics issue, meaning the shortage of high-skill labor that is there pretty much globally, then we believe that, that actually continues even in a difficult environment because it gives our clients a way to go address that. I mean if I take, for example, airline scheduling, if you take rebooking of passengers, if I take quote-to-cash, where you cut across all of the silos, if I take much more real-time impact of revenue and omnichannel, these are all examples of our consulting projects which we see carrying on even through a difficult environment. 
So when I look at that, that tells me there's sustainability and durability. I don't see the number of trained people and experts coming up suddenly. And so consequently, I think that because of that, because there is a shortage of technical talent in the world, it will continue to go well even in a constrained economic. 
But Brian, let me acknowledge, when I say constrained, I mean if we enter what I'll call a mild recession or a quick recession. If you get something deep and sustained, I'll put my comments a little bit to the side, and we'll have to then go look at that again. But I think that because of the makeup of our portfolio, I think it will actually fare quite well.

Yes. So Jim, let me start with answering your question on the capabilities of mainframe driving growth in mainframe and then ask Jim to address the profitability side. 
So if I look at the demand side on mainframe, a lot of our clients are seeing additional volumes because the mainframe serves really well as a system of record as that transactional engine that helps drive our clients' business. So if there is volatility in the markets, if there is 10%, 20%, 30% volume increases, which we are sensing many of our clients see, that is the primary driver of growth. 
And the second driver of growth where we talked about resiliency is everybody is now wanting to be 24/7. And because of all of the issues around not just resiliency due to physical issues or software errors but also because of cyber, people are much more concerned that, that drives additional capacity where people want to make sure that there is a working copy of their application and data set available at some other places. And that is why you heard us talk about that. 
Then as the volumes go up, we know that there is always an indication of fraud that can go up. And because of the fraud, we embedded AI into the processor, so you can now make your fraud decision in line with the transaction decision. And you can imagine, whether it's processing credit cards, whether it's moving money, all of those capabilities are going to drive that. 
So if I pack all of that and then unpack it, Jim, I will tell you that we saw over the last 3 years more growth and better adoption of mainframe than we have seen in prior cycles. We expect from early signals that we're going to see that continue over the next couple of years. That said, we got to go out and execute. We got to make sure that our clients actually are able to quickly deploy these applications that they use, and that will allow us to grow the mainframe over this coming cycle as well.

All right. Thanks, Jim. Let me just make a couple of comments to wrap up the call. Our performance this quarter reflects the actions we have been taking. We have strengthened our portfolio, we are leveraging our ecosystem, and we are streamlining our business. While I acknowledge there is always more to do, we are pleased with the start to the year, and I look forward to speaking with all of you again soon.