Thanks, Jon. Turning to Slide 4. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our first quarter 2020 financial results and the progress we're making executing against our strategy. I continue to reinforce to our key stakeholders that we're on a journey to create a company like no other. Since 2015, we have been transforming our business to a technology-focused solutions company that leverages our global scale, deep technical expertise and now an enhanced brand. At the same time, we've revolutionized our company culture to align our people around one purpose, which is to challenge the accepted and reinvent our thinking to deliver innovative solutions to our customers. The growth opportunities within our core markets are more attractive today than any time in the company's history. We're benefiting from multiple multi-decade growth trends in the areas of water infrastructure, environmental resiliency, urbanization, space exploration, national security and 5G. These are all sectors where we have a distinct competitive advantage. Furthermore, I believe the changes we have made to our culture in the areas of diversity of thought and creating an inclusive environment are in the early phases of being a competitive advantage for Jacobs. 
From a financial standpoint, we posted a strong start to fiscal 2020. Our backlog grew 6% year-over-year on a pro forma basis. First quarter adjusted EBITDA pro forma for the KeyW acquisition was up 25%, and adjusted EPS, when excluding the impact of a $0.06 per share discrete tax charge, grew 35%. First quarter free cash flow is in line with our expectations. And we expect strong free cash flow generation for the remainder of fiscal 2020 and beyond as we approach the end of our restructuring efforts related to the strategic actions to transform our business. Discipline around optimizing working capital is a significant focus of our team. 
From a flexibility standpoint, we maintain a healthy balance sheet that provides the optionality on how we further deploy capital towards high-return investments. We're announcing today an increase to our share repurchase authorization by an additional $1 billion, which is incremental to the remaining $400 million under our prior buyback authorization. 
Moving to Slide 5. As we continue to transform our business, sustainability is a key ingredient in our vision to become a company like no other. And it aligns squarely with our value of, we do things right, planning beyond our Jacob sustainability strategy that is aligned to the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals, which was launched a year ago and provides us a great platform to explore the possibilities of reinventing tomorrow, whether it's through how we operate and how we serve our clients, or at home with our families or in the communities where we live and serve. 
Over the last 12 months, we demonstrated significant progress on that strategy. I want to highlight a couple of actions here. We signed the UN's Global Compact, which commits us to a principle-based approach to doing business in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and anticorruption, all things that are already part of Jacobs' DNA and value system. We also published our first integrated annual report, reflecting the integral nature of our financials and our sustainability focus and our commitment to robustness and transparency of nonfinancial data. We're developing a Jacobs' climate action plan, which includes a commitment to achieving a net 0 carbon, with a focus on reducing the emissions associated with our business travel and from the facilities we own or operate. 
As part of our walking the talk is increasing our engagement and thought leadership, ranging from hosting of global sustainability calls with other leaders from government and industry, to participating in this year's World Economic Forum's annual meeting at Davos, where I became co-chair of the Infrastructure and Urban Development Committee, focusing on how the adoption of technology and digital investment in the infrastructure sector can improve productivity and help achieve net 0 carbon emissions to tackle the global climate emergency. And our teams are providing sustainable solutions for our clients around the globe. With projects like SuedLink wind and solar power transmission system in Germany, various high-speed rail projects that help decarbonize transport systems. And on the waterfront, in places like Miami Beach, we are leading the Rising Above climate change resiliency program to combat the impact of catastrophic flooding on infrastructure and business. We're also leveraging our proprietary technology like our flood cloud service for on-demand scenario modeling across all infrastructure types. 
Climate change is one of the most significant challenges our world is experiencing. And we at Jacobs are making a commitment to work towards solutions through our everyday actions as individuals as well as with our clients and communities. 
Now I'll turn the call over to our President and Chief Operating Officer, Bob Pragada, to discuss the performance of our 2 lines of business.

Thank you, Kevin. I'm excited about the continued traction of our business transformation. We're seeing a strong inclusive culture developing across Jacobs. Our pipeline is increasing year-over-year with larger, higher-margin opportunities. And we're strategically leveraging our balance sheet, investing in ourselves through timely share backs, as well as disciplined and targeted M&A activities and strong growth sectors. 
We're maintaining our fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA outlook in the range of $1.05 -- sorry, $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion, which includes the net impact from other income and noncontrolling interest. We are also maintaining our fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5.30 to $5.80 per share, which at the midpoint, represents 17% year-over-year growth when excluding the impact from fiscal 2019 discrete tax items. In addition, our guidance also factors in approximately a 6-month benefit from the Wood acquisition, which we expect to close by the end of March. 
As Kevin outlined, the majority of our restructuring charges are coming to an end, and we are highly focused and confident on delivering strong free cash flow for the remaining 3 quarters of this fiscal year. In summary, we're continuing our discipline, intensity and focus around delivering on our profitable growth strategy and look forward to 2020 and beyond. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Now all these -- this is Steve, Joe. The rapid solutions side of the business is played out as we expected. There are multiple opportunities. Bob reported today that we had a major win in one of them around space intelligence. And these things go through different base gates for the government. And they're just proceeding on making sure they qualify their -- the winners. And obviously, we got a major qualification hurdle behind us, and we're on track for what the model was with regard to entering this space intelligence ISR businesses with the KeyW acquisition.

Yes, I think it's a combination of both. Clearly, you're seeing us become a more and more efficient company. Our G&A as a percent of revenue is clearly contributing to an improved operating profit margin, and we're seeing it across both businesses. But it's also just the transformation of our portfolio, and within the 2 lines of businesses, the work that we're winning. The pipeline is richer in margin. If you look at the Critical Mission Solutions business, it's not only the intelligent asset management and the continued journey of those government projects, but more IDIQ should -- the whole strategy to increase the mix of IDIQ contracts is going to be a margin enhancement. KeyW acquisition is a margin enhancement. When we look at the Wood acquisition compared to our base nuclear business, it's a margin enhancement. So there's a collection in Critical Mission Solutions. And then you have the same story on the People & Places business with regard to the type of projects and programs that we're pursuing and winning in our backlog, but more importantly, in the record pipeline that Bob talked about.

Yes. So just use the World Economic Forum at Davos just in the last couple of weeks as a barometer. It was clear that it was across all sectors. Government sectors, the politicians that are there, the commercial CEOs, on a global basis. It felt like coming out of this at Davos, that there was a huge shift, and this is something that we got to carefully look at over the next several years to a crisis that everybody's on top of and committed to. So I think it's transitioned now to be a major issue and opportunity for us at Jacobs. We're developing our own plan to be at net 0 carbon neutral at some point in the future. And more importantly, we're already winning business, and we're already in the mix of being a solutions player on a global basis. We announced over the last year, 1.5 years, projects like the Miami Beach sea level rise, what we're doing in London around the Thames River. And you name it, any major city, whether it's San Francisco or all the way to Singapore, the type of things we're doing to address climate changes is we're viewed as a solutions provided by our clients. 
Clearly, higher-margin opportunities, and it's across the board. We're not only going in with traditional solutions, but we're going in with innovative solutions, using artificial intelligence and digital capabilities to address these issues in a much more efficient, innovative way. And as a result, we're -- we got a high win rate as we pursue these opportunities across the globe.

Well, from an M&A standpoint, I think Kevin said it exactly right. Our first priority is our own stock. That's why we just announced the $1 billion stock buyback. We still see Jacobs as being one of the best, if not the best, use of our capital over the near term, based on what we see our organic runway and the path forward for the company. 
We're staying core to our strategic plan that we announced a year ago with regard to things like strengthening our capability and digital consulting, or selective geographic expansion, gaining more bolt-on capabilities around innovation and technology. And so the things like KeyW and Wood, most recently, were more in the form of bolt-on strategic enhancements to our ability to have upsized organic growth. And I think that's what you'll see us continue to be focused on over the near term. We have the luxury of being highly selective because of our ability to redeploy our capital against -- to Jacobs. And so any acquisition that we make over the next few years, it's going to be benchmarked against the alternative of buying our stock back, so it has to be superior value.

I want to build on that because I think that's been a key ingredient to our success at Jacobs with our acquisition strategy. A lot of companies make acquisitions that double the size of an industry, but it's -- there's a lot of overlap. And as a result, there's all kinds of cultural disconnects that get created, and we've seen those around the industry for the last decade. CH2M was a perfect example of a complementary acquisition. Yes, it did give us scale, but more importantly, it kind of filled in the hole that we didn't have. So it was water, strengthening our environmental, our Tier 1 nuclear and a whole host of other things. And as a result, it was more of a diverse offering that gave our clients more of a one-stop shop at Jacobs that I would just put more in the area of value and diversity rather than scale group.

Yes, it really depends, again, on what that combination leads to. If it's a combination that 2 companies or 2 entities get together, and there's just a lot of overlap, that will be a positive for us. There'll be talent opportunities. There'll be disruption. There'll be culture challenges that impact those kind of acquisitions. Consolidation is also a positive from a standpoint that as industries get fewer competition, although stronger, there's positives out of that. So clearly, we're not saying that there's no threat of those type of combinations if they occur. But at the end of the day, our view is that it isn't about scale, it's about value, it's about differentiation, it's about matching that up with a culture of execution and innovation and accountability, all the things that we've been demonstrating over the last 4 years. And so we'll stay close to what happens out there in the industry, but it really depends on what that looks like.

Yes, I think there's not a lot of risk for us over the short-term in our guidance for Hanford. And for us, playing out so far, we'll see what the outcome is as we expected. As we said, in our previous calls that we did pursue both plateau and tanks, but we decided to be a sum or -- we didn't move into the prime position in plateau and really put all our efforts around teaming up with a great partner in pursuing tanks where we believe we could offer something unique and innovative to the client. And so as far as how it plays out, there is uncertainty of whether it's a month away or 6 months away. And I think that they're trying to finalize the plateau initiative. There's a protest going on in that initiative that probably has stalled tanks. Whether it's a 1-month stall or something that will be several months, we don't know, but we're not -- it's going to be immaterial to our 2020 results.

All right. Thank you. The most exciting part of where we are as a company is the momentum that we've generated by our people's belief and commitment in what we're doing and where we're headed. At the end of the day, we're a people business. To be the employer of choice in a highly competitive marketplace, genuine engagement and buy-in from our people is critical. Our focus on global challenges that are important to us as human beings as well as important to each and every one of our client is a key part of that engagement and commitment. The return is visible every day through the innovative solutions we're delivering for our clients. Our people really are reinvesting for tomorrow. Thank you very much.