Thanks, Jon. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss our first quarter fiscal year 2021 business performance and strategy update.  
It's been about a year since the pandemic started and we hope everyone is safe and healthy as COVID-19 continues to impact all facets of our daily lives. At Jacobs, in addition to keeping our people safe, we're continuing to support national governments and industry and their production and distribution of critical vaccines.  
Turning to Slide 4 to discuss our first quarter results. It's important to review our strategy, which is foundational to an investment in Jacobs. We believe the transformation that Jacobs has undergone over the last several years has created a compelling multi-decade investment opportunity for our current and potential shareholders based on 3 key tenets.  
First, we have transformed our culture aligned -- around a common purpose of creating a connected, sustainable world, underpinned by strong values. But we do things right. We challenge the accepted. We aim higher, and we live inclusion. This culture permeates through our more than 50,000 people, the solutions we deliver for our clients and the engagement in our communities where we live and work. Our purpose-driven culture has also enabled us to quickly adapt to changes in market conditions while also staying focused on our long-term vision of being a technology-enabled solutions provider.
Second, we have a portfolio of solutions aligned to a diverse set of global opportunities, such as space exploration, cyber readiness, climate change and modernizing and digitizing our infrastructure. Our thematic growth areas are global, allowing us to address them efficiently, effectively and competitively at scale through our integrated global platform of technology, our talented resources, domain expertise and enhanced brand awareness. 
Finally, our Jacobs management team has demonstrated the ability to strategically allocate capital, including successfully executing acquisitions. Our continued focus on strategy and execution has resulted in a strong start to fiscal 2021, even while continuing to manage the headwinds from the global pandemic.  
First quarter net revenue increased 3% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA grew 8%. Our backlog ended the first quarter up 11% year-over-year and up 7% on a pro forma basis. Given the strong momentum, we're increasing the midpoint of our full fiscal year 2021 adjusted EBITDA and EPS outlook. Our cash flow generation was strong during the first quarter and our balance sheet remains healthy. In the near term, we do expect to deploy excess cash towards paying down debt. 
Last quarter, we announced a strategic majority investment in PA Consulting. And we are happy to share that the transaction was overwhelmingly approved on February 4, with 99.8% of PA shareholders voting in favor of their transaction. Particularly exciting was the fact that the voluntary election for management rollover was fully subscribed and new partner hiring has also been very successful post announcement, indicating the enthusiasm and commitment of PA partners and employees about the future growth opportunity of this partnership. Confirmation of the scheme of arrangement is awaiting regulatory approval by the Financial Conduct Authority in the U.K., and we expect to close the investment by the end of this current quarter.  
PA's performance for calendar 2020 exceeded our expectations, and their pipeline of strategic and technical consulting work continues to grow. This includes a new engagement with the U.K.'s Department of International Trade (sic) [U.K.'s Department for International Trade], advising on Project Defend and U.K.'s supply chain resilience to underpin economic and national security, along with reaching a key milestone with the National Institute for Health Research, where they completed a U.K. public sector first delivery of Google cloud search to upgrade research platforms. Once we complete the transaction, we expect significant benefit for the clients of our firms, driven by the complementary solutions offering of PA and Jacobs.  
Now looking further into fiscal 2021 and beyond, we believe Jacobs has a compelling organic growth opportunity. And as appropriate, we will further accelerate that growth through thoughtful strategic acquisitions that offer a higher return versus our alternative of repurchasing shares of Jacobs. 
Turning to Slide 5. I'd like to review some recent ESG actions. As a company, we're committed to delivering results to all our stakeholders: our employees, our clients, our investors and our communities. Delivering on this includes our commitment to our sustainability strategy called PlanBeyond and our Climate Action Plan launched last year. I'm pleased to report that we achieved a net 0 carbon, including 100% renewable energy for our operations in 2020. And our carbon reduction targets have been formally approved by the Science Based Target Initiative. 
The climate agenda will continue to be front and center in 2021, with the United States rejoining the Paris Agreement and the 26th UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties or COP26 being held in November. In support, Jacobs announced our Pledge to Action, a campaign inviting our clients and suppliers around the globe to take measurable actions to tackle climate change before the opening of COP26. And we are also leveraging the power of our Jacobs people and making a positive impact. 
We launched our Climate Countdown Challenge, where employees can join a new mission each month to tackle the climate crisis. Through both of these initiatives, we hope to raise awareness, inspire and motivate individuals and companies, and demonstrate the collective power of organizations taking actions now to make an impact for generations to come. 
Moving to Slide 6. At Jacobs, we intend to lead from the front in the transformation to a net 0 economy. In combination with the COVID-19 pandemic, climate change remains the major global driver for ecological, social and economic disruption, impacting every person, community, business and governments around the world. It's also a major disruptor, advancing technology-enabled innovation and sustainable business models for addressing decarbonization, the global energy transition and resource scarcity. 
Jacobs is uniquely positioned to support our clients and communities in developing and deploying solutions and technologies across the full spectrum of decarbonization efforts, including renewable energy and clean power, carbon capture and storage, energy efficiency and energy storage, green buildings, sustainable transport, circular economy, carbon management, mitigation and compliance consulting, as well as adaptation and resilience for all facets of infrastructure. 
This includes developing technology solutions, like our recently announced launch of Jacobs Travel Service Optimization solution, which transforms the home to school travel experience for special educational needs and disabilities children and young people. This solution combines our deep domain knowledge with the latest advances in data analytics to determine the most efficient ride-sharing experience, while supporting decarbonization and our long-term transition to a net 0 economy.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Thanks, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong start to the fiscal year, we're raising the low end of our previous guidance ranges. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.075 billion to $1.155 billion versus our previous outlooks of $1.055 billion to $1.155 billion. And we expect adjusted EPS to now be in a range of $5.30 to $6 versus our previous outlook of $5.20 to $6. It is important to note that our guidance does not include any benefit from the PA Consulting investment, which we expect to close by the end of fiscal second quarter. 
Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we continue to expect double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth as we benefit from our Focus 2023 initiative as well as potential infrastructure-related stimulus and our strong alignment to a diverse set of large secular growth opportunities. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Sure. Go ahead, Kevin.

Right. So we are a company that is always active and making sure we're exploring all opportunities globally, and we're going to continue to do that. We have recently executed on some acquisitions with the Buffalo Group and PA Consulting most recently. And Wood Nuclear is fairly new. So for us, our top priority is to execute on those recent acquisitions and demonstrate continued success. We feel proud of what we achieved with a major one of CH2M back in 2017 and have successfully executed and exceeded expectations. And so we want to focus on that right now. As I mentioned in my remarks, over the next months, our primary capital deployment is going to be to pay down debt. 
However, when we look at the pipeline of opportunities and our strategy, there are several bolt-on opportunities, even within PA Consulting. When we think about what we have initiated there with coming together with PA, they've been a very successful firm in doing bolt-on acquisitions that's helped them create value, and we want to continue to support that. And together, we think that there's going to be some real interesting things that we can do in that whole consulting arena, which is higher margin, higher value business. 
And then, of course, anything that we can do to just accelerate our digital modernization, strategic data utilization as we have done with the series of cyber acquisitions, including most recently, KeyW and the Buffalo Group. And so we'll continue to be active on the government services space and any other bolt-on acquisitions that can strengthen our P&PS business as well. 
And the final thing I'll say is there's some geographic expansion opportunities when you look at our mix of business. It really is still majority, the majority of our revenue comes from the U.S. and U.K., and then it drops down significantly from there. And so we think there's some great geographic expansion initiatives over the coming years.

Chad, maybe I'll start here. And Bob, chime in. And I'll start on the latter. When we talked about the P&PS business, clearly, what's driving our pipeline are the things that Bob talked about initially. And that is the whole digital modernization and strategic data utilization across the -- all of our clients and buildings, infrastructure, advanced facilities. The whole climate change arena is clearly going to be ramping up with the change in administration in the U.S., but just a global priority that's going on there. 
And when we talk about climate change, it's the things we're already doing in solar and wind, and now hydrogen is kicking in and the energy storage with batteries and the whole resiliency strength that we have, which we've been doing for the last several years around flooding and sea level rise and a whole host of other things, PFAS, et cetera. 
And then the whole opportunity around the advanced facilities business with regard to what the pandemic has accelerated in the life sciences business and the electronics business. Because on the life science side, there's now a pent-up demand on non-COVID activity. Obviously, the priority is COVID vaccines and therapeutics. But oncology, diabetes, emerging cell and gene therapy and also the fact that there's more need for capacity. So there's a huge contract [ toll ] manufacturing opportunity that's now presenting itself, and then the whole health care side with hospitals and what's going on globally there. 
And then the electronics with the future of work, with everything from 5G to data centers to semiconductor, there's clearly a wave of growth in that business as well. So -- and then on top of all that is what countries are doing around the world, starting with the U.S. around stimulating their economies coming out of the pandemic. Clearly, we're seeing positive momentum in the U.S. We expect to see something soon with this first COVID relief package. But we're anxious to see what comes out over the coming months in the whole infrastructure stimulus, which will benefit Jacobs, its upside. This is '22 and beyond when we talk about infrastructure stimulus. It's -- our current year is not dependent on it. And then from a standpoint of U.K., very positive momentum. And many of the other countries are also kicking in with their infrastructure initiatives, economic initiatives. So real positive momentum on the P&PS side. 
Bob, do you want to comment on the backlog on CMS?

Yes. Space has been a legacy strength and an important part of our revenue going back to the long history we have with NASA, where we're NASA's leading solutions provider across essentially all of their sites. And so that's our foundation. And then with the KeyW acquisition, and some of the other initiatives that we've done both organically and bolted on, is that this whole lower orbit space intelligence that Bob just talked about that we're very excited about, most of it, very highly classified work. So that's now going to, we believe, is going to be a very high growth add-on to our whole space initiative. 
So -- and then with the adjacency work that comes with our intelligence work and relationship with the space community is the whole hypersonics area that is going to be something that is big for us starting in the sort of the consulting, research development and then getting into some of the big programs there. So well over $1 billion today and one that we expect high-growth block going forward.

Well, let me start with kind of how we've gotten to where we are, because Jacobs has always been a company that has been working on digital smart initiatives, going back to the work that we've done with NASA and others. But when you look at the last several years, the CH2M acquisition was -- the combination has really accelerated our capability. The things that CH2M brought, like Digital Twins, that we talk about and several other packeted capabilities. And then we go into the whole strategy that we unleashed over the last several years around the Jacobs Connected Enterprise and now the -- taking it to a higher level and the culture that we put in. The talent attraction that we've had a very focused talent attraction on, making sure that we bring in all the subject matter expertise and the digital capabilities, it's been impressive and really tapping into the -- some of the most innovative companies to bring some of their talent to Jacobs. 
And then the last 2 big steps have been the rebranding to really make our clients more aware. A lot of the stuff we were doing for certain clients in one part of Jacobs, most of the rest of our clients didn't really know that we have that capability, and that brand initiative that we launched last year was a key step. And then PA Consulting is now going to take it to a whole new level around the end-to-end solutions that we can provide. 
When you look at the IP that we have, it's pretty impressive across the board. And then the technology hubs that we focus on, geospatial, predictive analytics, cyber, Internet of Things, intelligent asset management. And when you put it all together, the real differentiation for Jacobs is that we have both the domain knowledge, decades of experience working on all of these end markets and clients. And we have the state-of-the-art technology skill set and bringing digital solutions. So when you put that together, we feel like we're in a unique differentiated position.

Yes, go ahead, Kev.

It is 1x even without Wood.

All right. Thank you. In conclusion, our Jacobs people drive our performance. And this year, more than ever, their commitment, creativity and perseverance was our differentiator. We've chosen to honor their spirit in our integrated annual report for 2020, which we launched 2 weeks ago. I encourage you to visit the Investor page of our website to read the report and explore some of their stories of accomplishment for our clients and our communities and in furthering our strong culture. Thank you.