Thank you, Jon. Welcome, everyone, to our Fiscal Year 2018 First Quarter Earnings Call. Before discussing our financial results, I'd like to begin by reinforcing the priorities that we have set for the company. These are to further demonstrate our winning culture of safety, integrity and client centricity; to continue to strengthen our industry-leading quality and delivery; to progress our diversification into higher-growth, high-margin programs and projects; and of course, relentlessly drive a successful integration of CH2M, combining the best of both organizations to achieve our committed earnings growth and cash generation targets.
By achieving these objectives, we expect to further differentiate Jacobs competitively, retain and attract the industry's foremost talent and generate superior value for our stakeholders and society.
Now turning to our 2018 fiscal year first quarter results. We continued to benefit from strong end-market demand across both our Aerospace & Technology and Buildings & Infrastructure lines of business, and we experienced modestly improved fundamentals in our petroleum, chemicals and mining sectors.
First quarter Jacobs-only backlog was relatively flat at $19.6 billion versus the prior quarter's record-high backlog, but up $1.4 billion compared to last year's first quarter. This reflects the fact that 3 out of 4 of our lines of business posted year-over-year backlog growth. It's also important to note that our quarter-end backlog continued to exclude the impact of close to $850 million of previous awards that remained under protest at the end of the first quarter.
From a P&L standpoint, Jacobs revenue, excluding CH2M, was up 3% versus the prior year. Total gross margin was solid at 17.7%, up over 100 basis points from last year's first quarter, as we continue to deliver on our strategy to drive improved project execution and shift our portfolio to higher-value business.
Adjusted earnings per share of $0.77 increased 13% year-over-year. Kevin will cover the components of EPS, including a bridge to GAAP EPS in his remarks. And of course, during the quarter, we closed on our transformational CH2M acquisition on December 15. I'm pleased to say we're off to a solid start, capturing targeted cost synergies and positioning our combined company for additional revenue and earnings growth opportunities.
Turning to our first quarter backlog performance on Slide 5. We're pleased with our progress, following a record fourth quarter. Excluding CH2M, the mix of professional services backlog remain consistent with last quarter. We continued to win higher-value contracts as demonstrated by gross margin and backlog increasing by approximately 200 basis points versus the first quarter last year. 
From a line of business perspective, Aerospace & Technology continued to post strong growth in backlog, while Buildings & Infrastructure also maintained a solid performance on a year-over-year basis. And our Petroleum & Chemicals and Industrial line of businesses improved their trajectory as certain end markets began to show signs of recovery.
We're also pleased to note that CH2M backlog grew over 18% versus prior year on an adjusted basis to $6.6 billion, with gross margin percentage materially higher than the Jacobs-only backlog. The main reason for this higher margin is that more than 80% of the CH2M backlog is made up of higher-value technology, environmental, water, transportation and advanced facility sectors.
I'll now discuss each line of business in more detail, beginning with Aerospace & Technology on Slide 6. Our A&T business continued to demonstrate strong execution as first quarter backlog, excluding CH2M, increased 23% year-over-year and was up versus last quarter's record-high level. And this latest A&T backlog does not yet include 2 significant awards that cleared the protest process in early January. 
The first one cleared is for enterprise operations and maintenance services for [ Scitech ], which is Special Operations Forces Acquisitions, Technology and Logistics supporting the U.S. Special Operations Command. And the second award cleared was JITC, a contract that provide test and evaluation services to the Defense Information Systems Agency. These 2 newly cleared awards will add approximately $450 million to our second quarter backlog.
At that time, there will still remain nearly $400 million of awards from our previous wins at Army's Yuma Proving Ground and U.S. Corps  of Engineering Shallow Land Disposal that will not be put into backlog until they, too, clear the protest process.
As we mentioned in our fourth quarter earnings call, we also have a large confidential contract renewal opportunity pending in 2019. For the remainder of this year, we'll experience a partial offset to backlog growth of approximately $100 million per quarter as we continue to burn revenue from this contract until the potential multiyear rebid award reenters our backlog in fiscal 2019.
From a strategic standpoint, one of the key long-term growth drivers of our A&T business is the ability to capture adjacent opportunities in high-value technology systems development, security and operations. Through organic investments and bolt-on acquisitions that have added complementary capabilities and unique customer relationships, our A&T business has become a preeminent, multibillion-dollar technology solutions provider. 
An example of this is the $4.6 billion win with the U.S. Missile Defense Agency that we announced last quarter. This mission-critical contract maintains the agency's enterprise-wide communications and IT infrastructure. It also includes modeling and simulation as well as systems integration for emerging technology. These wins are expected to be a major driver for profit growth as we progress through this fiscal year.
Another key pillar of our Aerospace & Technology strategy is to become a Tier 1 nuclear and environmental services provider. The addition of CH2M's nuclear and environmental business catapults us into a leading position. In many instances, these nuclear opportunities are highly selective multiyear government contracts worth billions of dollars, often decades-long in duration. In addition to major government programs, we are driving our digital expertise across the entire Jacobs portfolio, which we refer to as Jacobs Connected Enterprise.
For example, within A&T, we're working with an automotive customer on cyber-penetration testing for its autonomous vehicles. So in summary, the A&T business has built a solid foundation by executing against a focused strategy and is positioned well to deliver double-digit profit growth in fiscal 2018.
Now on to Slide 7 to discuss our Buildings & Infrastructure line of business. Our global B&I team delivered another solid quarter with operating profit, excluding CH2M, up over 30% versus last year, along with revenue and backlog increasing during the same period. More importantly, the gross profit in our first quarter Jacobs-only B&I backlog continued to trend up on both a year-over-year and sequential basis, demonstrating success in our strategy to focus on high-growth, higher-margin opportunities.
Underpinning our success has been a strong focus on what we see as the big 3 infrastructure priorities: water, transportation and resilience. While the U.S. is front and center in the news with its infrastructure legislation priorities, we are seeing the same positive momentum globally to modernize and expand infrastructure. As a global leader across all sectors, Jacobs is well-positioned to capitalize on infrastructure trends in the coming decades.
Water is fundamental to the global economy. And in many mature countries such as the U.S. and Western Europe, water infrastructure is nearing the end of its useful life. And in emerging economies, we need to continue to develop new infrastructure to serve millions of people who lack access to clean water and sanitation. 
Together with CH2M, Jacobs is now positioned as a top global leader in all aspects of water, including designing, building and managing supply, delivery, treatment and reuse as well as initiatives to enhance excess waterways. For example, in the first quarter, we were awarded the design and engineering services for expansion of the South Fort Collins, Colorado sanitation district water reclamation facility where safely cleaned and treated wastewater is returned to the ecosystem. 
This market is also one where, in addition to traditional engineering services, we are delivering total design build as well as operations and maintenance services for urban water systems. Additionally, we are in advanced discussions with clients in countries such as India where there are significant needs to provide the water infrastructure to ensure clean, safe resources to serve a growing population.
In the transportation sector, we continue to see strong demand around the world, especially in highways, rails and airports. Investments in transportation are viewed by governments as one of the most important drivers of unlocking economic investment and productivity.
During the first quarter, we had a number of key wins on the transportation sector. In Melbourne, Australia, we were selected to carry out the engineering design as part of the design build team for the West Gate Tunnel project, one of the most iconic programs in the country's history. We landed significant wins for Highways England's Manchester northwest quadrant program and the National Transport Authority Ireland for the Dublin Metro North expansion. And in the U.S., we were awarded the program management for the third track expansion of the Long Island Railroad.
In combination with CH2M, we're positioned as a leading force, delivering world-class solutions for global transportation requirements. We have a pipeline flushed with opportunities and are poised to capitalize on continued growth in the transportation sector globally.
As we have seen recently in weather extremes and natural disasters around the world, the demand for resiliency program has never been greater, given the rise of urban population migration and the catastrophic impacts such events have on major metropolitan areas. In addition to recovery efforts, this phenomenon also is driving investments in protective and sustainable infrastructure. We're helping governments around the world address these challenges, leading major efforts such as New York City's East Side Coastal Resiliency program, the Port of San Francisco waterfront project and delivery of a utility-scale, 200-megawatt solar plant that will provide sustainable energy in New South Wales, Australia.
Our B&I team is also accelerating our strategy to bring digital innovation to clients globally for our Jacobs Connected Enterprise platform. We continue to see examples of success. Among them, we developed a proprietary geographic information system technology called ProjectMapper, which is a cloud-based subscription solution currently being leveraged at multiple transportation customers in the U.K. In summary, our B&I business is performing extremely well, and we are squarely positioned in priority sectors and geographies for long-term profitable growth.
Moving to Slide 8. Our Industrial line of business realized a decrease in backlog compared to the fourth quarter as we continue to work off 2 sizable life sciences projects. Backlog was $2.6 billion, down approximately $200 million from the prior quarter, but up over $100 million versus last year, driven by increased field services work in the U.S. Based on improved operational and commercial execution, gross margin in our first quarter Industrial backlog is up year-over-year.
In life sciences, as the wave of bulk biotech expansion ebbs, growth continues to shift to cell and gene therapy where we are capturing increased new business. We are also expecting capacity expansion in the immune disorder market, driven by the needs of an aging population. As we integrate CH2M, we're excited about the opportunities to leverage our combined expertise in life sciences, semiconductors and other advanced facilities to increase the pipeline of new sales prospects and drive accelerated profitable growth synergies.
Our Mining & Minerals business continues to pick up with strengthening metal prices, particularly copper, driving modest increases in client investment. We have won several frame agreements and studies that we expect to convert to full execution in late 2018 and into 2019.
A rise in activity by our field services team in the first quarter involved several large planned turnarounds as well as 2 significant emergency outages by core clients in the U.S. and Canada. Clients seeking to reduce overhead costs are bidding large multisite maintenance content -- contracts. Our size and expertise positions us well for these opportunities, and we have achieved several strategic wins in the long-term maintenance category, specifically in North America.
And now to our Petroleum & Chemicals business on Slide 9. While our revenue in first quarter P&C backlog, excluding CH2M, was down slightly versus last year, the gross margin in backlog increased year-over-year. I'm very pleased with how our P&C team have held backlog steady through the oil market downturn over the last several years. This is a direct result of our team's solid execution against our strategy to focus on improving project delivery and enhancing the mix of new business. As we move forward, we're now experiencing what appears to be the beginning of modest improvements in industry demand.
In summary, global upstream and midstream CapEx spend are expected to improve based on oil prices stabilizing at 3-year highs. Within refining, regulatory factors are continuing to drive client capital spending. In Asia and Middle East, there are new greenfield refining projects. And in the U.S., we're seeing signs that some refiners will take advantage of the benefit from tax changes that allow for the immediate write-off of CapEx investments.
Overall, chemicals continues to remain a strong market. In the U.S., as the first wave of petrochemical facilities are commissioned, we're seeing clients discussing and moving forward on the next cycle of petrochemicals facilities. So our focus in Petroleum & Chemicals will continue to be on global downstream opportunities in refining and chemicals, on continuing to strengthen project execution and leveraging our digital expertise deep into our customer base. 
Recent examples of our execution against this strategy include combining our strong consultancy, strategic sales groups and multi-office execution model to win global projects that leverage resources in other regions, such as our key wins with Saudi Aramco Zuluf and Canada Kuwait Petrochemical Corporation. We continue to progress our existing renewable energy projects. We recently signed a 3-year engineering services agreement with the energy arm of a company looking to build wind power generation capacity in Canada.
From a Jacobs Connected Enterprise standpoint, we were successful in capturing the network and cyber infrastructure build-out for a downstream customer's project site that in the past would typically be considered adjacent IT scope of work handled by other IT contractors. 
In another Jacobs Connected Enterprise example, at one of our projects in the U.S. Gulf Coast, we've deployed network personnel and material tracking as well as digitized safety processes, which historically were pen and paper-based. We expect this infusion of digital technology to improve site efficiency, safety and provide us with further analytics when building and bidding future projects.
From a CH2M cross-selling standpoint, we are excited about the opportunity to now incorporate industry-leading water and environmental capabilities into our P&C client offering. As an example, just recently, a downstream customer in the U.S. awarded Jacobs the pre-FEED work for steam reliability and optimization project where we are bringing our new combined Jacobs expertise. 
In summary, we're pleased with the way our global P&C team have weathered a challenging energy market by focusing on high-quality execution of our ongoing projects, continuing to strengthen client relationships and maintaining a strong financial profile. As the energy markets recover, we are well-positioned from both a strategic and from a financial perspective to drive operating leverage in our P&C business.
On Slide 10, I'd like to provide an update on the very important integration of CH2M. Immediately after we announced the transformational acquisition of CH2M in August, we created an Integration Management Office, the IMO. By the time we completed the deal on December 15, the IMO was comprised of 125 employees from both organizations, working full-time alongside a leading management consultant firm to focus on all aspects of integration planning. 
The IMO working with joint leadership have focused on seamlessly combining legacy Jacobs and CH2M cultures and capturing synergies that we expect to create significant shareholder value. We know the difference between success and failures of mergers and acquisitions typically lies in the ability to get employees of both organizations aligned and excited, not only to ensure they understand our new combined company strategy, but also to get them actively engaged in delivering it. 
To this end, over the last 5 months, our executive leaders have made a concerted effort to host town halls at locations across both businesses and around the world. We've taken time to personally communicate about our strategy and the stronger new value proposition we're creating together. Based on these efforts and regular surveys we're conducting, employees are responding favorably, demonstrating genuine excitement and motivation to contribute to a better future for our company and our stakeholders. We have made it our priority to maintain and build on this momentum in employee engagement, and our clients also are responding positively.
A key metric for us is closely monitoring talent retention. And I'm very pleased that since announcing and closing this major acquisition, voluntary attrition levels are actually trending below pre-acquisition levels. And our employees are driving a lot of excitement in the marketplace, including social media sharing. And today, we're attracting 5x as many job views, supporting our talent acquisition efforts to meet client service requirements in our combined growing backlog.
On the financial side of the integration, Kevin will cover details associated with our cost synergy initiative and deal targets. I do want to note that we're solidly on track to achieve the cost savings we communicated at the announcement of the transaction. More importantly, we are seeing early-on evidence of maintaining strong focus on high-quality project execution around the globe in achieving sales bookings targets previously established by both companies. 
Our teams have exceeded expectations on how quickly they are coming together to realize revenue growth synergies, leveraging unique capabilities that we now can cross-sell to new and existing clients. As our sales teams complete their assessment of prospects across our pipelines, their findings so far confirm our original expectation that we have minimal revenue dis-synergies, thanks to limited overlap in our businesses and more importantly, positive complementary potential for growth synergies.
From a top line standpoint, we're putting the framework in place to drive revenue growth opportunities. Some examples are cross-selling water capabilities into oil, gas and petrochemicals is already gaining traction, with growing opportunities identified in the pipeline for fiscal 2018 and 2019.
In advanced facilities, we see specific opportunities to deliver full EPCM across the high technology and semiconductor sectors. And within transportation, building on recent wins, we believe our combined expertise and scale will result in higher win rates.
So now I'll turn the call over to Kevin.

Thank you, Kevin. Finally, on Slide 17. In summary, we're executing well against our 3-year strategy to maintain the culture of safety, integrity and innovation, while driving operational and financial discipline with a focus on profitable growth. Our first quarter was a solid start to fiscal year '18, and we're optimistic that an improving macro backdrop is unfolding, and we're positioned well to benefit from it.
Finally, we remain confident in our previous outlook. And as a result of a lower expected tax rate, we are raising our fiscal 2018 adjusted earnings per share outlook to a range of $3.85 to $4.25, which is up from last quarter's guidance range of $3.55 to $3.95. 
So operator, we'll now open up the call for questions.

Yes. Just, Tahira, I think a couple of points to your question, that we do believe that all 4 of our lines of business will, from a P&L standpoint, be seeing revenue growth this year versus last year, some more than others. And from a backlog standpoint, Aerospace & Technology, Buildings & Infrastructure and even modestly on Petroleum & Chemicals, we're expecting positive backlog momentum through the rest of this year. The A&T situation will give us probably our biggest boost from a scale to be able to drive both profit growth and margin growth with these large projects that I described starting to move into execution as we get into the second half especially, third and fourth quarter. And so we do expect to see some momentum on both profit and margin growth there. But you did say it, we are seeing a strong profile, and therefore, we're making sure that we're hiring and training and putting in the investments to make sure that we're positioned for 2019 and beyond. But all in all, we think that there is still opportunity for margin improvement, but clearly profit growth as we go through the second half of this year.

All right, thank you, Jamie. So on the Petroleum & Chemicals questions, we're very pleased with the focus on margin improvement. On both the year-over-year and sequential basis, the Petroleum & Chemicals team had clearly driven up the operating profit margin, which is critical to achieving our strategy. And as we get through the year, we're seeing a nice mix of everything from some selective large projects, especially overseas. We have some good things going on in the Middle East and some of the other locations, but also a good mix of sustaining capital and O&M. And so overall, that profile should allow us to continue to see year-over-year margin improvement as we get through the rest of this year and also start to see that sequential revenue growth in P&C, as they've sort of cleaned up from the past and are now benefiting from the higher mix of backlog that they've been winning over the last several quarters.

Yes, we're -- we don't see a radical change unfolding in the Middle East and internationally on the projects that we're working on. So other than a couple of selective projects that we have out of our Houston office for U.S. chemical clients that we've talked about in the past, everything that we're working on is very consistent with our risk profile. And so we're excited about some of these major projects that are involving both chemicals, some of the chemical derivatives, some large refining projects in Asia Pacific and the Middle East. And then what CH2M brings us with the water and environmental capabilities to add onto that to really put ourselves in a much stronger position to win these projects because of the wider services that we offer. All in all, Jamie, we just see well positioned with similar risk profile as we go forward.

Yes. So maybe starting with CH2M because I think you're asking for both what we've acquired but as well as the underlying Jacobs organic growth. But the strength that we have with the timing of CH2M is their state and local business, which is going to be predominantly integrated with our Buildings & Infrastructure to create this new BIF line of business. The backlog was up 18% in 2017 versus 2016. So that bodes well for now starting to see the P&L revenue and profit growth from that backlog start to get executed in 2018. And the national sector, which is going to be, for the most part, integrated with our Aerospace & Technology, was up 11%. The one soft spot was the private sector, but the benefit of putting their private sector now together with, especially the oil and gas side of it, with our Petroleum & Chemicals is really going to be the revenue synergies drive to win new business with the environmental and water capabilities we now bring to the Jacobs' much larger platform of Petroleum & Chemicals. The timing of that revenue organic growth into the P&L will probably lag a couple of quarters as we went and start to execute those businesses. But we feel very positive about the timing of the backlog growth and now starting to see that impact the P&L in 2018 for Jacobs on the CH2M side. Does that answer your question, Andrew?

So let me start and, Kevin, maybe build on it. 2017 ended up almost spot on to what we had modeled and therefore had used for our projections that we gave with regard to EPS accretion, et cetera. So we're pleased with the final '17 number. We feel confident in our '18 financials as well. As I mentioned, the backlog, very high backlog. So as far as what we need to grow and achieve our overall guidance that we just gave, we feel very confident in both the CH2M and Jacobs underlying outlook as well as some of the other benefits we've talked about. And then we got super excited about 2019 and beyond because by that time, we'll have had the time to really leverage the revenue synergies that we've been talking about. Obviously, in the early days, we're very heavily focused on delivering $150 million of cost synergies we've talked about. But we're not -- as the teams have now come together, there's a lot of excitement about what we can do in 2019 and beyond. Just as a couple of examples that we've come to learn over the last couple of months. Bob Pragada, our President of the new BIF, was out in Asia Pacific and Middle East and India. And the things that he and the combined teams have been talking about are smart city work in India, that CH2M brings a much higher level than we were doing in our infrastructure side where we've been heavily focused on Petroleum & Chemicals in India. They bring the Buildings & Infrastructure innovation side, putting those 2 together will be powerful. Singapore, deep relationships that the CH2M folks have with the government there, especially in utilities, transportation is combining now with our capabilities. And then the iconic programs that we've talked about several times really showed in some of the Middle East activities they have working on Dubai Expo 2020 and the Qatar World Cup 2022, and now being able to put these capabilities together, and I just gave you just a small sampling of what excites us that's going to cut across all 3 of our new lines of business as it relates to growth. We remain as bullish as we were when we announced the deal and when we closed the deal.

Okay, thank you, Mike. And from time to time, we apologize for the sirens in the background. We're doing this call from our New York City office in Penn Station, and it gets a little loud out there. And so we hope it's minimal. But Mike, the answer is really all of the above. And you really laid it out very nicely because it is a combination of all 3 of those factors that you talked about. The biggest one, really going back to a few years ago when we launched our new strategy, and we talked about a more disciplined approach, but also a much stronger capability of understanding where we make our money, where we don't, which offices are driving the higher profitability. And just -- and also really understanding ultimately as we are now going out and bidding and winning business, how we're going to upfront integrate that with operations on a much more seamless way that preserve the as-sold margin all the way to the end of the project. But equal to that and pretty impressive has been the added innovation that we're now bringing in the extended services. This whole Jacobs Connected Enterprise is a major contributor led by Aerospace & Technology. And when you look at what Terry Hagen and the team have won over the last 1.5 years, we're getting into -- we're shifting away from these rebid projects that we had about a couple of years ago that were good solid margins but lower margins, to these impressive projects that we are bringing in more IT infrastructure, cybersecurity, additional elements that we weren't having in several years ago. And some of these are large projects, some of these are smaller niche projects, but clearly contributing to the type of margin growth. So it really is a combination of commercial excellence, project execution and just a much sharper understanding of the financial and business acumen around selling and delivering projects. Kevin, anything to add on the as-sold margin piece of Mike's question?

Yes, from a Jacobs-only side, if we start there, clearly, the transportation, it really does come down to that big 3 that I talked about earlier, Jerry, is airports especially, just a tremendous amount of opportunities globally on airport opportunities. And we've been winning, I would say, more than our fair share compared -- the last couple of years compared to the past. And we're in the mix of some very major projects around the world. And so the whole global -- globalization of that by our Buildings & Infrastructure team to be able to bring the best resources and win projects locally has just been impressive. But big highway jobs in the U.S., transit in Australia, some big waste treatment facilities especially in the U.S. are some examples there. The resiliency drive that I talked about really over the last couple of years, a tremendous focus and improvement at Jacobs in them being able to bring sustainable solutions, capitalizing on climate change and the things that our clients need. And then on the buildings side, health care, especially outside of the U.S., some big health care opportunities in Singapore and U.K. and really around the world, mission-critical on our buildings' data centers. We're in the mix of some data centers in Asia Pacific and India. And overall, when we look at our pipeline globally, it's up 20% year-over-year, the underlying pipeline of opportunity, and that's why I mentioned we're sort of flushed with opportunities. Obviously, we got to go out and win those. And so, Jerry, it really is across both the Buildings & Infrastructure platform. And that's why I'm positive about now the timing of CH2M coming into the company because they would be saying the same thing if they were a standalone company of the state and local business up 18% and water being critical, environmental solutions needed by all of industries around the world. And we've put that together with Jacobs, and we're really excited about the opportunities going forward.

Everything I said, we included the U.S. We're seeing the budgets improving in the U.S., especially on the state and local side. There was some data that came out yesterday from one of the sources that U.S. transportation funding in 2017 was up, I think, it was 6% or 7% versus prior year. And all the discussions we're having with clients, there continues to be that sort of more bullishness. Obviously, waiting to see what happens with the federal side and when and if our U.S. government is going to get together on both sides of the aisle and get this thing across the finish line. There's just a lot of -- there's a lot of projects that are not only in the pipeline but appear to have the funding to move to the field, and we're in the mix on these things. So Jerry, I think it's consistent in the U.S. of what I said.

Could you just repeat the question one more time? It wasn't coming through as clearly as the others.

Let me just add to that, Kevin. So we do work on some projects and programs for the Ministry of Defence. And I would say, overall, our outlook is stable from 2017 to '18. Not as robust as the U.S., but still, I would say on a very stable front.

There's discussion, but I would say at this stage, sitting here, it's still very early. I think everyone's still trying to figure out their tax situation. And just like us, just in the last few weeks, we've come to a really better understanding. So that's going to pick up, but let me just comment on that, that our hope is that certain industries, like the life science industry, that they'll use that benefit of being able to repatriate funds and use that to grow infrastructure and grow assets and expand in the U.S. rather than using it all to buy back stock. And if it's the former, then we're going to benefit. I think the industry consolidation is going to heat up as these companies get more sort of confident in investing. And we play a big part in industry consolidation with regard to the studies, master planning, but also helping facilitate the integration and facilities optimization, et cetera. So there's a lot refining. I mentioned earlier, we're seeing a lot -- we're hearing a lot of discussion in the U.S. But with regard to RFPs and real projects unfolding, I think we're a few quarters away from really understanding how that's going to unfold.

All right. Thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. I'd like to end by saying we're excited and positive about the road ahead for Jacobs, but be perfectly clear that our top priority is the successful integration of CH2M, and we look forward to keeping you updated. Thank you very much.