Thank you for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 business performance and key initiatives.  
Turning to Slide 4. Before I review our results, I'd like to share that we're in the final stages of completing our new strategy. We will be hosting an investor event on the week of March 7 for a deep dive of the next phase of our Jacobs transformation.  
Three key initiatives have emerged. First, we're putting in place a purpose-driven road map rooted in our values and strong culture to maximize our next stage of growth. Secondly, we identified and have aligned investment resources to capture three multi-decade growth opportunities: global infrastructure modernization, climate response and the digitization of industry. And third, we're taking a transformational approach to executing against these opportunities as we are unlocking the innovation engine at Jacobs, expanding our technology ecosystem while accelerating our trajectory of profitable growth and durable cash flow generation. We look forward to illuminating this strategy at our upcoming investor event.  
Now turning to our financial results. I'm pleased with our strong fourth quarter and fiscal year performance with net revenue increasing 7% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA grew 12% during the quarter and 18% for the full year. Backlog ended the fourth quarter up 12% year-over-year and up 7% on a pro forma basis.  
PA Consulting continued to post exceptional performance with 41% revenue growth. More importantly, PA delivered this growth while maintaining adjusted operating profit margins of 24%. For the full year, PA revenues surpassed $1 billion, far exceeding our deal investment model.  
As we look at overall Jacobs growth going forward, we now have certainty surrounding the unprecedented U.S. infrastructure funding with the passage of the $1.2 trillion Infrastructure and Jobs Act last week. And more broadly, global infrastructure modernization and national security needs are accelerating as our government and commercial clients address the challenges of climate change, advancement of their digitization strategies and increasing cyber threats. On top of that, our advanced facilities business is expected to show significant growth driven by the need for additional semiconductor manufacturing capacity and post-pandemic life sciences priorities. Given these strong growth dynamics, we're introducing fiscal 2022 guidance for double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth. Looking beyond 2022, we expect our strong organic growth to result in approximately $10 per share of adjusted EPS in fiscal year 2025.  
Turning to Slide 5. As we reflect on climate change, it is globally accepted that humanity is at a critical juncture in our efforts to limit global warming. Jacobs and PA participated at the recent UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties, COP26, in Glasgow to demonstrate our commitment to reinvent tomorrow with immediate and sustained action in the transition to a net zero economy. We stood alongside other business, financial and government leaders as well as activists and students to make sure our voice was heard. We engaged in activities to accelerate solutions to ensure the world stays on track to meet the critical 1.5-degree Celsius trajectory while preparing to adapt to the changes already locked in from climate change.  
As we move to Slide 6, given the nature of our business, it's clear that Jacobs' greatest opportunity to positively address climate change comes from the sustainable and resilient solutions that we co-create and deliver in partnership with our clients. To spearhead this effort, we have established a new Office of Global Climate Response and ESG to ensure that sustainability is woven into all of our solutions across markets and geographies. We are accelerating our established partnerships with the public and private sector to advance net zero carbon outcomes, climate resilience, natural and social capital as well as ESG business transformation in alignment with the United Nations' sustainable development goals.  
Annually, we generate approximately $5 billion of ESG-related revenue and expect to grow significantly over the next several years, driven by strong capability and energy transition, decarbonization, climate adaptation and natural resource stewardship.  
Our culture is a competitive differentiator. Our people have the knowledge, curiosity and the trust of our clients to achieve our purpose to create a more connected, sustainable world.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Thanks, Kevin. We are introducing our fiscal 2022 outlook for adjusted EBITDA to be in a range of $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion, which at the midpoint represents double-digit growth. Our adjusted earnings per share outlook for fiscal 2022 is in the range of $6.85 to $7.45. We expect the multiyear benefit from the U.S. Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act to support our growth in the second half of fiscal 2022. As we look beyond this year, we see substantial opportunities for sustained organic growth driven by infrastructure monetization, climate response and digital transformation. We anticipate approximately $10 of adjusted EPS in fiscal 2025. And our in-person investor event in March will further expand on our long-term strategy and financial model. Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Well, look, there are some investors that are holding back because of some of our work, which is really a very small portion, probably less than 2% of our overall revenue that is really focused around what I would call critical national security for the U.S. and government. And we are reaching out to those investors to try to explain that we're not involved in things like the manufacturing of nuclear weapons or whatever's holding them back. 
But I really think that as people understand sort of the fact that we're probably the largest public company delivering ESG climate change solutions out there that -- and as they see that ramping up and get more clarity, I think we're going to attract a lot more investors that want to be part of the ESG story.

Look, again, it's so small that we haven't really thought about that. But like anything else, Jerry, over the next few years, you'll hear a little more about this during the strategy. We're going to continue to look at our portfolio and make sure we're aligned with all the right growth dynamics. And so I think we've proven that up to now, and we'll continue to transform our portfolio in the right direction.

So I guess for the operator, there's some background noise. I don't know if it's your side after you're opening it up for questions. So could you double check that.

Chad, can you repeat the front part of that question again? It's a little broken.

Sure. So as far as prioritization goes, I would say that kind of if you were segregate into two buckets, one around climate change and the second around all those things that are creating the supply chain disruption, those are the ones that are coming to priority right now. 
I'd say on the climate change piece, and this is where the portfolio optimization is really helping us, we're honing in on those areas that we have a sound market leadership, long-term client relationships and where we can deliver immediate value. And those are squarely around transportation, water resiliency and all the environmental impacts that are affiliated with climate change. 
And so those client relationships that we've had have been pretty robust for several years and are supporting those opportunity. Around advanced facilities, this is a multi-decade type of leadership approach that we've had, specifically in semis, but also in life sciences that's been a legacy business of ours forever. And so we're seeing those opportunities, again, not searching for them. These are long-term client relationships that we've had, and we're kind of in the capital planning for those clients. And so it's really gaining share with long-term clients that's setting the priorities.

Look, we're pretty positive, confident that this  whole continuing resolution, defense budgets, all that will play out over the next several months and get concluded. And we're expecting an increase in the DoD budget, and we're pretty positive about space and cyber and the growth rates, especially in the classified work, where we're significantly aligned to and hypersonics and telecom. And we feel very well positioned at places like NASA and how the budgets played out there. So really, it comes down to the whole timing question that you asked. 
There has been some delay -- very modest delay as the government clients are waiting just to see the outcome of this budget. And so as soon as that gets finalized, we see a few of these near-term prospects that we've hinted to, to unleash whether that happens in December or the second quarter, I think we're talking about sort of that kind of timing. So we're -- that's why we're very optimistic about the upward trend in CMS revenue growth as we move through 2022.

Okay. Thank you very much. Look forward to talking to you again next quarter.