Thank you. Welcome to our fiscal year 2018 second quarter earnings call. Before we review our quarterly results by each of our new lines of business, I'd like to briefly discuss some key topics that align with our core values at Jacobs. 
This week, 2 very important industry-wide initiatives are taking place, which we're actively involved. Safety Week, where Jacobs and approximately 60 other firms globally, sponsor initiatives to raise safety awareness. Actually at Jacobs, everyday and all year, we persistently drive safety excellence with our best-in-class BeyondZero framework, which enables us to consistently achieve industry-leading performance.
This week, we're also observing Drinking Water Week and are pleased to build on our commitment to improve water resources around the world, delivering the industry's most highly commended innovations gained with our recent CH2M acquisition.
And to further differentiate Jacobs, we've extended our culture of caring and mental well-being and sustainability with our Plan Beyond strategy and then steps we're taking to lead our industry and diversity. We're building on an innovative inclusive culture to make Jacobs the employer of choice everywhere we compete. We are putting muscle behind these efforts to provide our clients big brain thinking, the kind that happens when scientists, engineers, biologists, architects, builders and technologists tackle problems together. 
With the Jacobs-CH2M combination, we've grown to approximately 77,000 employees, and our commitment to our core values and employee culture positions Jacobs to attract the best and brightest. At Jacobs, we understand that a great culture makes a great company, and we're on a mission to create a new kind of professional services company, one that is like no other in the world today.
Turning to Slide 5. We're on track to deliver strong fiscal year 2018 results, reflecting the fact that we're executing well on our major strategic priorities: to build a winning culture, to drive increased margins across all lines of business with differentiated client-centric solutions and to profitably grow by focusing resources on higher-margin opportunities and executing our work with excellence.
And with regard to the recent CH2M acquisition, our commitments are to deliver targeted cost synergies and drive profitable revenue growth synergies and to accelerate deleveraging in this second half of fiscal 2018.
We continue to benefit from strong end-market demand across our Aerospace & Technology, environmental and nuclear line business and our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities business, along with improving fundamentals in our Energy, Chemicals and Resources sector.
Revenue on a pro forma basis grew 16% versus the prior year. Notably, we saw this strong pro forma revenue growth across all lines of business. We continue to deliver on our strategy to drive improved project execution and benefited from the higher gross margin mix from the CH2M acquisition, now with total gross margin in the second quarter at 19.7%, up 140 basis points from last year's second quarter reported margin.
As a result, I'm very pleased with our second quarter adjusted earnings of $1 per share, an increase of 28% year-over-year, which included an expected $0.09 charge for a legal matter. Kevin will cover the components of EPS, including a bridge to GAAP EPS in his remarks.
Second quarter backlog increased sequentially to $26.5 billion and is up 9% on a pro forma basis from last year's second quarter, with all 3 of our lines of business contributing to the pro forma backlog growth. It is also important to note that our second quarter backlog excludes the impact of approximately $400 million of previous awards that remained under protest at the end of the second quarter.
Our second quarter is clear evidence that our transformative acquisition of CH2M is off to a great start. We're creating a lot of excitement with our clients, with our new combined offerings, and the culture integration is surpassing my expectations and cost synergies are on track and gaining momentum.
Turning to Slide 6. As I just noted, our second quarter revenue and backlog was strong at over $26.5 billion, a 9% year-over-year pro forma growth. Higher-margin professional services backlog grew 10% on a pro forma basis. From a line of business perspective, ATEN backlog on a pro forma basis was up 19% year-over-year and BIAF backlog increased by 7%. We also experienced modest growth in our ECR business, which was up 2% year-over-year as commodity-driven end markets contributed to stabilize our business and are showing signs of recovery. More importantly, overall gross margin in our backlog is now up 100 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis, demonstrating the higher-margin mix from the CH2M acquisition.
Turning to Slide 7. Let me discuss the performance by a line of business, beginning with Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear, our ATEN business. We had a very strong quarter in ATEN as revenue grew 16% year-over-year on a pro forma basis and operating profit was up more than 30% excluding a onetime legal matter. With this growth trajectory, our ATEN line of business is on track to generate approximately $4.5 billion of revenue in calendar 2018, making it one of the largest government service providers in the industry.
In Q2, ATEN posted strong backlog growth, up 19% versus last year's combined second quarter backlog with both legacy Jacobs and CH2M contributing to the growth. I'm also pleased that the gross margin in the ATEN backlog increased year-over-year. There remains approximately $400 million of previous awards under protest, which we expect will be successfully cleared and added to our backlog by early fiscal year 2019.
This strong overall growth more than offsets the approximate $100 million per quarter burn off associated with the previously noted confidential contract that is up for renewal later in 2019. We continue to feel confident in this rebid renewal opportunity.
Strategically, our ATEN business is benefiting from 2 dynamics: an acceleration in end-market demand and strong internal execution that is resulting in organic market share gains. From an end market standpoint, we continue to benefit from key national government spending priorities such as the Department of Defense, Department of Energy and NASA that are seeing funding plus-ups. Within our commercial markets, we're also benefiting from an investment cycle in areas such as the 5G wireless build-out and high-tech areas of commercial automotive.
Our organic market share gains are driven by a unique value proposition that combines strong technical expertise, a unique localized delivery model and an industry-leading efficient cost structure. While on the surface, this model seems intuitive, it has proven difficult by others to replicate.
Looking forward, we're focused on driving continued market share gains and capturing adjacent opportunities in targeted areas of IT development, cybersecurity and operations, weapon system life cycle and other areas. We're also focused on revenue synergy opportunities with a major emphasis on Tier 1 nuclear opportunities through our combination with CH2M. In many instances, these Tier 1 nuclear opportunities are highly selective multiyear government contracts worth billions of dollars. We recently commenced work on the management and operations contract with the Department of Energy at the Nevada National Security Site, an example of one of these multiyear contracts.
Also last week, we were awarded an additional IDIQ contract with Special Operations Forces Information Technology Enterprise, SITEC, for $110 million over 5 years, which will be on top of the $778 million award that cleared protest in January. These new task orders are expected to be similar to the scope of our work with SITEC for IT and cyber support, providing comprehensive services worldwide for U.S. Special Operations Command.
In summary, the ATEN business has built a solid foundation by executing against a focused strategy, and we're excited about key CH2M capabilities, which together, position us well to deliver double-digit year-over-year profit growth in fiscal 2018.
Now on to Slide 8 to discuss our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities line of business, BIAF, which posted strong second quarter results. BIAF revenue increased 15% on a pro forma basis versus last year's second quarter and delivered a significant increase in operating profit. Additionally, revenue and backlog was up 7% versus last year with gross margin and backlog up nicely year-over-year.
From a macro perspective, we're seeing strong demand in U.S. infrastructure, fueled by further -- fueled by the recent Omnibus Spending Bill and continued strength in state and local funding, which led to a double-digit growth in our pipeline of opportunities. The U.K. transportation market remains healthy despite Brexit and across the Middle East and Asia, we're seeing accelerated demand. Around the world, we are seeing strong demand for the big 3 infrastructure priorities: water, transportation and resilience. And we are very well positioned to benefit from this.
We also believe the U.S. is in the early stages of a significant water infrastructure investment cycle. A recent EPA survey cited $473 billion of infrastructure needs over the next 20 years to improve U.S. drinking water. Our strong project pipeline in water aligns with an improving investment cycle. For example, we recently won a design build wastewater project with the city of San Jose, California, and we have water opportunities in our sales pipeline for the next 12 months.
Transportation also continues to show strong global demand. Within aviation, robust air passenger growth and overall economic expansion are driving investments in airports globally. We're leaders in airfield design and program management for some of the world's busiest airports and largest expansion programs, so we expect to capitalize further on these opportunities.
From a rail and highway standpoint, increased urbanization is driving solid demand worldwide. For example, we're a key partner to Highways England for design services as this client is entering a period of increasing spend. Additionally, we were recently awarded incremental scope with California High-speed Rail and with the Network Rail in the U.K.
With regards to our built environment business, we're witnessing an increase in smart city initiatives among Tier 2 cities. This is an area of strength for Jacobs as we combine innovative digital intelligent solutions for buildings with our deep relationships with local governments around the world. 
As an example, Jacobs was selected as the program manager overseeing the development of new greenfield industrial smart cities in India and Australia. And our Advanced Facilities business performed better-than-expected during the quarter, driven by life sciences strength and semiconductor plant new builds.
In life sciences, technology advances as well as reformed tax legislation, is driving potential U.S. investment. We're also seeing continued investments in Europe such as our recent win where we secured a construction management contract with a new biotech client in Switzerland and a contract in Ireland for a large-scale cell culture facility. Consumer electronics, cloud computing capacity, vehicle automation and edge computing are driving increased investment in the electronics market.
So in summary, the BIAF business is making significant progress on a strategic plan and poised well for continued growth. From an integration standpoint, we're starting to see the velocity of the combined Jacobs and CH2M infrastructure business manifest as the teams are working together in lockstep and large profitable revenue synergy opportunities are entering the pipeline.
And now to our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business on Slide 9. In the second quarter, our revenue in ECR increased significantly, up 17% on a pro forma basis, and bottom line performance was strong with both operating profit and operating margin increasing significantly. And while I'm very pleased that on a pro forma basis, ECR revenue and backlog grew by 2%, more importantly, the gross margin and backlog increased more than a 100 basis points, demonstrating strong execution against our strategy to focus on pursuing and winning high-value business.
I want to reiterate that our strategy in the ECR line of business will continue to focus on highly-recurring lower-risk segments of the energy chemicals and mining value chain, with a high percentage of our revenue aligned to our clients' OpEx spend. This proved to be successful during the recent downturn as our ECR backlog weathered the weak energy and commodity markets better than our peers with a weighted average backlog decline in the low single digit, compared to the rest of the industry, which witnessed a much steeper decline in the 2014 to 2017 downturn.
We're definitely now seeing signs of improvement across this business, but we will maintain the discipline to prioritize this low-risk highly recurring revenue with a relentless focus on driving margin improvement and superior project execution excellence.
The refining segment is providing opportunities globally as many large clients are beginning to move forward with initiatives to increase capacity utilization and expand logistics infrastructure. Specifically, we're seeing several opportunities across Asia, India, the Middle East and Latin America as the industry drives to expand refining capacity and meet local regulatory requirements.
MARPOL 2020 regulations require that shipping vessels reduce their sulfur emissions. To comply, we expect shippers to shift higher-grade fuel, which will require refiners to invest in upgrades. We're well positioned to benefit from this. Also in the downstream sector, we're involved in several opportunities for crude oil to chemicals across the Middle East and Asia. And as the second wave of U.S. ethane cracker projects move forward with 6 U.S. crackers planned, we expect to benefit from derivative chemicals, both domestically and across the globe.
In our Mining & Minerals and technology business, mining studies and early engineering work are up significantly year-over-year as supply is tightening, mainly driven by copper and iron ore, a great leading indicator that we will continue to see growth in this market as well. 
From a CH2M cross-selling standpoint, we're starting to build a robust pipeline of global opportunities for industrial water solutions. We've already secured work on multiple opportunities with our hydrocarbon and mining clients, including a large [ theme  ]upgrade project with an energy major. We are now working on converting several FEED opportunities to EPC or EPCM solution.
On Slide 10, again, I'm very pleased to report the integration of CH2M is going well. We have fully implemented the new organizational structure worldwide. As we have previously stated, a key metric force is closely monitoring talent retention. Overall, global attrition levels are stable, and importantly, we're retaining CH2M employees at a higher rate, with voluntary attrition levels in the lines of businesses below pre-acquisition levels. In fact, since the acquisition, we've actually increased net headcount by 3,000, which is a testament to our growth trajectory.
I'm very pleased that all major cost synergy work streams are on track to achieve targets. And Kevin will provide more detail associated with our cost synergy initiative and deal targets. As I stated earlier, we're beginning to see profitable revenue synergies being identified across the organization with large opportunities entering the 2019 pipeline.
So in summary, the industrial logic for this acquisition was predicated on creating a better combined company that does not exist in the world today. The impact of our combined scale is clearly being felt throughout the industry. Jacobs is now ranked the largest design firm by revenue according to the Engineering News Record. I'll turn the call now over to Kevin.

Thank you, Kevin. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our second quarter performance across all of our lines of business and the progress of our integration of CH2M. As such, we're raising our fiscal 2018 adjusted EPS outlook to a range of $4 to $4.40, which is up from last quarter's guidance of $3.85 to $4.25. So operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Kevin, I think you summarized it well. Jamie, I think what you'll see with us is as we progress through this year and into next year, the most important thing is as we claim synergies that we'll all be able to see them hitting the bottom line. And so that's the rigor we're providing, and we'll just keep everybody updated on a quarterly basis how that's creating value.

There's a handful of things that come to mind, Tahira, when we think about the building revenue synergy pipeline. Clearly, the water opportunity across our commercial sector, so what CH2M can now bring to our mining and Petroleum & Chemicals footprint so the ECR business as well as other parts of the company, Advanced Facilities, et cetera. I'd say that's -- you'll hit on that one. The environmental side, similarly, we're getting excited about now being able to bring CH2M's early-stage environmental permitting capabilities to our ECR business as another example. CH2M brought the electronic semiconductor business, and now with the horsepower of Jacobs, we're clearly seeing an increasing pipeline of opportunities for a lot of the major programs that are unfolding in that sector, some pretty exciting things going on there. And on the nuclear side, clearly, the combination of our deeper, more comprehensive capabilities as a combined company and what looks like a very big demand for environmental cleanup opportunities are another area that comes to mind. So we're pretty excited. We've been heavily focused on the cost energy side early on, and as Kevin said, we've got significant opportunity there. But I think you're going to hear more and more now over the next several quarters about a building pipeline of revenue synergies across the 2 companies coming together.

Well, let me just start. Our ECR business, I think I focused on my comments there, that we're very confident that we're going to be able to continue to drive margin improvement in that business. And that will be all sort of centered around the type of business that we're winning, the project delivery excellence that has been demonstrated over the last couple of years as part of our new focus on our center of excellence capabilities and project delivery and the whole cost synergy opportunity there as well. So I think you're going to see ECR continue to be an area of opportunity for us there. But as we do benefit from the scale of what -- combining these 2 companies as we grow aggressively in ATEN and BIAF, we're also going to see the benefit of that more efficient productive cost structure showing the benefits of operating profit margin improvement in those 2 businesses as well.

Yes, there's several things that have contributed to the share gains. I think it does start with sort of the business model that Terry Hagen and his team have developed over the last several years as the outcome of the strategy. And that is -- it all starts with industry-leading program and project execution. It's clearly a leader within Jacobs and it's a leader in the industry. And specifically, the cost base that we've been able to develop, which is not only low cost but flexible to align with what the client needs program to program, so it can be tailored specifically to whatever client opportunity we're working with, especially in the government side. And as I mentioned, that's proved to be a differentiator versus the rest of the industry. But the other piece is the organic and inorganic strategy that's unfolding, the acquisitions that we made over the last couple of years in cybersecurity and IT. And it all started with the FNS acquisition several years ago and then Blue Canopy and others, that have given us a growing footprint in the whole IT sector cybersecurity, which we didn't have at Jacobs 5 years ago. And so when you look at the share gains we've made in that sector, I think we've only just scratched the surface of the opportunity because we'll not only be able to use that in this specific government services sector of ATEN but be able to take that as part of our Jacobs Connected Enterprise offering across our BIAF and ECR sectors, which is already unfolding. So I think that's -- those are examples of how we're getting share gains and there's several other factors that go into it as well.

It's -- when we do look at the ECR business, I'd say it's the area that we're starting to gain more and more optimism across the whole commodity sector of the mining side is clearly starting to demonstrate real improvement. Still at a stage where we characterize it as a lot of work that was previously canceled or postponed is now coming back on the table. So we're involved in a lot of the front-end work on consulting studies, pre-FEED. And we are now building more and more confidence that these are going to convert to full CapEx projects probably as we enter the first half of '19. It's still a, what I would say, a fiscal '18 is going to be a ramp-up on these smaller FEED studies and fully expect that this is now going to start to give us some opportunities for bigger projects as we convert those FEEDs to EPCM and other services to the client. It's -- our focus remains in copper and iron ore and a few other of the mining opportunities. And I'd say it's the same message as last quarter, very focused around the Latin America and Australia markets and few other areas around the world, but those are where we're seeing the biggest opportunities.

We're going to always say we continue to evaluate the portfolio. But the majority of the organization, when I say majority, I'm talking about 99%, are focused on continuing the successful integration of CH2M and Jacobs. We have a few corporate folks that their job is to continue to monitor the market and evaluate how we're doing and think about the future. But at this stage, we have nothing to discuss about further portfolio initiatives. And it's got to be all about for the next several quarters of demonstrating the successful integration, driving the cultural success, demonstrating the cost synergies and getting the accretion that we expect from this acquisition and deleveraging occurring in the second half as we've discussed. And that's what we're all focused on.

The competitive environment has always what we -- what we're battling in this industry, and I hope you get a sense that we're winning that battle across really, I think, all 3 of our lines of business at an extremely high level. And they're different. In the government services side where our ATEN predominantly competes, as you know, that's a huge market where we still have a very small share of. And so I think our team there is doing an excellent job of continuing to gain share across the last several years, and we project through the next several years chipping away at, in many cases, at competitors that we had not previously competed against, companies that we hadn't previously competed against. And I think that ATEN model, I've talked about it and we're pretty excited about it. In BIAF, I think the key here is the combination of Jacobs and CH2M has, to some extent, started to narrow the competitive field because we bring a scale and a portfolio offering that you can bring, and we're definitely seeing it as part of our synergy pipeline. That's not to say that it's not intense out there from a competitive situation at specific initiatives. But overall, when you take a step back, we've clearly created a tremendous opportunity with the combination, the power of those 2 companies. And then in ECR, what we -- again, what we try to do is stay away from competing against those high-risk projects with onerous terms and conditions and really stay focused on our partnerships with our focused clients and differentiating ourselves, in many cases, getting sole-source awards and being in these clients for decades, just continuing to renew these relationships in a bigger way because of the broader offering we can bring now with CH2M with water and environmental and also the Jacobs Connected Enterprise, opportunities with digitization and other innovation into that area. So I think what I'm trying to describe here is that we're trying to stay away from the traditional commodity competitive profile and really hone in on those areas where we can provide clients with solutions and really be focused on that rather than trying to win a bid.

What we try to do in these quarterly calls is to not only just talk about the revenue backlog but to talk about the gross margin and backlog. And again, we're very excited that this quarter, what, as we have in the last several quarters, have demonstrated is we're building the backlog. The gross margin in that backlog is incrementally improving. And so that -- we're just going to remain focused. We're not going to sort of put out a projection on that other than we fully are driven by each of these 3 lines of businesses, continuing to win business at higher margin and then executing better and better every quarter to the point where we keep that margin that we've been awarded to hit the bottom line and to demonstrate it ultimately and operating profit as a percent of revenue. And we're going to remain focused on that.

Generally, we would say we're driving for sequential growth in the second half on our backlog. ATEN has had a significant increase in backlog when you go back to a year -- over the last couple of years. And so from an ATEN standpoint, part of that is timing of as awards come in. But again, we expect that over the course of the next 6 to 12 months to continue to see improvement in ATEN backlog. I mentioned the power of Jacobs and CH2M together on BIAF. So in that business unit, legacy Jacobs and now combined has demonstrated over the last, I don't know, 8, 9, 10 quarters, nice growth and backlog and we expect that to continue. And ECR is where we're going to continue to stay focused on benefiting from this up cycle that appears to start this -- showing early signs of unfolding. But I think you should expect it to over the next again, 6 to 9 to 12 months to be modest growth as we selectively pick out those areas which are prudent risk, low to prudent risk and long-term recurring revenue rather than getting out ahead of ourselves and getting into some projects maybe we'll regret a couple of years from now. So I think overall, that's a positive message around our expectation for backlog growth over the next 6 to 12 months.

Yes, it's -- I think your latter comment is more where our mindset is. We've got a rich pipeline of opportunity at what we describe as professional services. And with the combination of CH2M now, we're really seeing a pipeline starting to build on high-end consulting work, as an example, around transportation planning and urbanization and bringing the whole water and environmental solutions. And so that's where our focus is. We have selective areas where we've proven strong capability to do more -- to do some design build or EPC work. But those are very selective. They're with clients that we've had proven success with or very focused markets. For example, on the water side, where we're a global industry leader and project delivery excellence in those kind of projects. So at this time, I wouldn't expect -- you shouldn't expect to see Jacobs try to extend ourselves into other areas of risky construction or that sort of area and stay focused on our strategy.

We are -- our line of business structure that we put in place now almost 2 years ago, which we've refined with the 3 lines of business for the new combined company, I think is set up to be able to benefit from a large-scale, Jacobs now, that's one of the largest firms in our industry and growing. But to bring that down to the line of business level where we maintain the entrepreneurial flexibility, innovative approach that tailors to our clients' needs and get the best of both world. And you're hitting on a point that is our total focus now on how we create a culture in this company that benefits from that combination that other companies haven't yet proven to be successful. And we're getting excited about what's unfolding at Jacobs from that standpoint. And so our goals are aggressive. We're clearly a growth company focused now that with regard to the CH2M acquisition. And we don't have specific targets that we're going to set or quote now from that standpoint. But as I mentioned, I don't think we've seen anywhere near the benefit of what we -- what the potential is from a revenue synergy standpoint with these 2 combined companies. So as we get through the next year around the whole cost synergy side, I fully expect you're going to hear more about what we expect from a top line standpoint of these combined companies.

There's several factors that as you're asking that question is coming to mind about what's happening with our revenue and now the growth is if you go back to our strategy that we started unveiling a couple of years ago, we explained that we probably were going to start to see some revenue decline, as we shed unprofitable business or low-value business and really focus on margin. And then we committed to, as we did that and started to grow again, we would sustain those margins, for the most part, and pivot to growth. And I think that's what's unfolded here is that we went through that clean-up phase, we ended up on a Jacobs legacy side with a richer mix of business, focusing on what we said were 2/3 of the company that had higher value. We started the whole organic shift even before the CH2M acquisition started. So yes, you're correct. When you look at legacy Jacobs from 1 year or 2 years ago to this quarter, we've clearly demonstrated organic growth. And then you tack on CH2M, which from the data that I'm looking at, also showed organic growth from second quarter revenue growth from second quarter last year to second quarter this year. And so you put the combined companies together and start to now drive the benefit of the portfolio strength that we have as one combined company. We fully expect that this growth track is going to continue to benefit us from a P&L revenue standpoint over the next several years.

Just to build on Kevin's point because I think that's important is if you go back and look at second quarter last year to second quarter this year and take out the legal matter this year that was onetime, that Jacobs side and the CH2M side, when you're analyzing them on a stand-alone basis, both grew their operating profit margin. And so I think that you've put that with what Kevin's talking about, I think the whole margin story is continuing to track what we've talked about over the last couple of years with growth in ATEN.

So thanks for joining our call today, and I just want to reiterate that we remain fully committed to our -- to executing on our strategy and delivering the promises that we've committed to on the CH2M acquisition. Thank you.