Thank you, and welcome to our fiscal year second quarter 2019 earnings call. Before we begin, on Slide 4, I'd like to discuss the Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear, ATN, line of business leadership transition that we announced last week. After more than 30 years of exceptional leadership at Jacobs across multiple businesses and operations, Terry Hagen, COO and President of ATN, has decided to begin transitioning to retirement. Over the last several years under Terry's leadership, our ATN line of business has developed a deep bench of leaders with proven execution capabilities and a road map for continued strong profitable growth. And while I'll miss Terry's amazing leadership on top of ATN, we're in good hands with the strong set of ATN leaders across the globe. 
I'm very excited that Dawne Hickton has agreed to become the COO and President of ATN, replacing Terry effective June 3. Dawne, who stepped down last week as a director of our Board to take this Jacobs executive position, is the former Vice Chair and CEO of RTI International. She has built numerous relationships across the aerospace industry, brings strong business acumen and has a track record of shareholder value creation. And most importantly, Dawne is an inspirational leader who will fit well with our ATN organization and government services client base. 
She comes to ATN with momentum. For example, Dawne was engaged in the development of our new Jacobs strategy that was presented at Investor Day. And she was also involved in the due diligence and decision to acquire KeyW. As Dawne takes over the leadership of our global ATN business, Terry will become executive strategic adviser reporting to me. Terry will leave the KeyW integration process, working closely with Dawne in the ATN leadership team. 
Turning to Slide 5. Our second quarter results demonstrated continued momentum toward achieving our 2019 outlook. And our first half performance is a great start to ultimately realizing our 2021 strategic targets. On a year-over-year basis, second quarter net revenue grew 9%, operating profit increased significantly and our adjusted EPS of $1.19 was up 37%. 
On April 22, we announced the acquisition of KeyW, a leading federal technology provider. And then on April 26, we closed the sale of our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business. These strategic actions represent key steps in the continuing Jacobs transformation to provide client solutions that are aligned to secular growth trends, such as space, urbanization, sustainability and the convergence of information and operational technology.
Also the CH2M acquisition continues to be successfully executed and revenue synergies are now materializing in our backlog. I'm very proud of our organization's capability to drive these significant and transformative initiatives while staying focused in delivering strong second quarter financial results. We're driving a culture of innovation and accountability deep into the foundation of our company, which will propel our success even further as our markets evolve.
Now on to Slide 6 to discuss our focus on culture and specifically our talent. Jacobs employees are our most important asset. And therefore, we're relentlessly focusing on attracting, retaining and developing the world's best talent. Talent retention is a business imperative. And I've made it a personal goal to further increase our industry-leading employee retention rates. We believe higher retention is a multifaceted approach that consists of top-down inspirational leadership and clarity of strategy throughout the organization; an inclusive and diverse workplace, so all employees feel engaged and empowered; and that we have innovative and entrepreneurial opportunities for our employee development. 
Let me share two examples of our focus to create a healthy and attractive workplace. First, this week at Jacobs is Safety Week. We use Safety Week to refocus our commitment to be leaders in making health and safety a priority, both physical and mental. Throughout this week across the globe, we'll raise awareness of key health and safety topics, engaging our workforce, clients, contractors, family and friends by sharing information, ideas and celebrating success. 
As evidence that our diversity initiatives are gaining traction, I'm excited to share that Jacobs was recently awarded the highest designation by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation for LGBTQ equality at 100%. This is something that we're immensely proud of. We truly believe that our focus on our cultural priorities creates an environment where all employees can bring their whole self to work, enabling them to thrive, innovate and ultimately solve critical challenges for our clients. 
Turning to Slide 7. Let's discuss another key component of our strategy, innovation. At Investor Day, we outlined the strategy for accelerating innovation, part of which were investments in 5 focus areas of cybersecurity, applied geospatial science, automated design, Internet of Things and predictive analytics. Our announced acquisition of KeyW directly aligns to this strategy by strengthening our capabilities in these areas. In addition, KeyW's intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance team brings new capabilities to Jacobs with proven technology relied upon by the intelligence community and associated government agencies.
Now let me recap the strategic rationale and benefits of the KeyW acquisition on Slide 8. KeyW's ISR business is leading edge. And they are differentiated by their ability to deliver at a faster pace and lower cost than traditional space ISR providers. Jacobs brings the global platform and financial resources needed to materially accelerate KeyW's trajectory in the multibillion-dollar space intelligence industry. Jacobs' enterprise IT and defensive cyber capability, complemented by KeyW's mission IT and offensive cyber capability, will enable us to offer the full spectrum of IT services. 
Jacobs' existing clients already recognize us as a trusted provider of solutions to their most critical problems. And combined with KeyW's workforce, we will be able to translate what they do into other equally challenging environments, whether it's new sensor and communication enhancements for smart city, geospatial or water security clients; cyber training and assessments to support our Department of Defense, Department of Energy and NASA clients; or secure infrastructure technology for our building and infrastructure business, we will be able to deploy enhanced capabilities that benefit our current clients and springboard KeyW's growth into adjacent high-value sectors.
Now moving on to a review of each line of business on Slide 9, starting with Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear, ATN. During the quarter, our ATN business continued to outpace the growth of the market with 15% year-over-year revenue growth. ATN backlog continued to grow in the second quarter, up 2% versus last year to $7.3 billion. As previously noted, we're approaching 2 major ATN rebids, the Hanford Plateau Remediation Contract and a confidential contract with the U.S. government. 
These contracts are burning revenue without a corresponding increase in backlog. And when adjusting for the impact of these 2 contracts, which we expect will have favorable outcomes, backlog growth would have increased 4%. Furthermore, second quarter backlog does not include the upside from the $785 million Army HTASC award, which has now cleared protest and will enter our backlog in the third quarter. 
Also approximately 85% of bookings during the quarter were from new business. And when considering the full value of our contracts, including options and extensions, ATN's backlog would be more than 15% larger than the $7.3 billion recorded in the second quarter. As I just mentioned, during the second quarter, we had the large U.S. Army HTASC win. Under this 7-year $785 million single-award IDIQ contract, Jacobs will support the Army Training Intelligence Center of Excellence, including hands-on practical performance and simulated virtual training for the overarching training support missions of the U.S. Army. 
We are also continuing our work on the Patriot Excalibur software and systems engineering for the U.S. Air Force. This renewed 5-year $84 million contract provides a software solution to conduct real-time operations and tracking of mission readiness. Continuing along the lines of high-end government contracts, we were awarded the Department of Homeland Security intrusion prevention security services contract. This is a $31 million contract that enhances cybersecurity analysis, situational awareness and security response to the Department of Homeland Security.
Also during the quarter, we supported the first-ever salvo test of the Ground-based Midcourse Defense system involving 2 interceptors against an intercontinental ballistic missile, conducted by the Missile Defense Agency. We provided integrated solutions to support the test in all phases: launch; ground-, sea- and space-based sensors; providing real-time target acquisition and tracking; operation of the Command, Control, Battle Management and Communications system; and finally, target discrimination and ground-based launch and intercept. 
In our civil portfolio, we received an 18-month contract extension at the Department of Energy's Savannah River site. This contract is part of the environmental management portfolio, where Jacobs has strong leadership. Bids have now been submitted for multiple contracts at the DOE's Hanford site. For the Hanford Central Plateau contract, where Jacobs is currently the majority JV partner, we've submitted as a minority partner. If successful as a minority partner, we will only recognize our portion of the fee from the joint venture. However, on the Hanford tank farms, we bid as the majority joint venture partner, which would be a new win and add material revenue and incremental operating income. 
Finally, as part of our international portfolio, we are a shareholder in AWE Management Limited, which operates the Atomic Weapons Establishment, AWE, in the U.K. AWE has secured the next phase of the program, which covers the next 3 years, successfully continuing the operating profit contribution to the ATN bottom line. 
In summary, the ATN business had outstanding performance in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. And looking forward, we're excited about our record-high $30 billion pipeline of new opportunities. We are focused on growing high-quality operating profit with emphasis on mission-critical government programs that bring resiliency to our business. We're optimistic that our strategy, which combines strong technical expertise, a unique localized delivery model and an industry-leading efficient cost structure, will allow us to continue to gain share over time.
Now turning to Slide 10 to discuss the performance of our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities, BIAF, line of business. BIAF maintained a solid growth trajectory with second quarter net revenue up 5% and operating profit up 9% year-over-year. This strong performance was driven by continued positive momentum across all our industry sectors and further optimization of CH2M integration synergies.
North America had solid top line growth, outpacing the market. In the U.K., despite geopolitical headwinds, we see continued capital commitments for infrastructure. And similarly, in the Middle East, our business remains strong. In Australia and New Zealand, we continue to experience some softness, but we made solid progress against our sales forecast with key bookings across the geography.
Our second quarter BIAF backlog was up 11% year-over-year to $13 billion. Backlog growth can be attributed to capitalizing on CH2M revenue synergies, traction with our BIAF global delivery model, contract extensions on several long-term engagements and large-scale wins in our advanced facilities business. Operating profit margin as a percent of net revenue grew 40 basis points to 12%, demonstrating our continued drive to a higher-value solutions-based portfolio. 
As we look across the BIAF industry, we see strong and steady growth in all our key infrastructure sectors, specifically in life sciences and electronics. Capital spending in the U.S. life sciences sector is increasing. And electronics CapEx investment continue to be strong globally to support future demand for leading-edge products. Two significant wins this quarter include a confidential vaccine manufacturing plant in the Southeast U.S. and the design of a microprocessing chip manufacturing plant in the U.S.
The U.S. federal sector continues to have a promising outlook, reporting several wins, including IDIQ contracts with the Army Corps of Engineers and the U.S. Department of State Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations. In the Climate Leadership Conference in March, I was honored to accept multiple awards on behalf of Jacobs from the Environmental Business International group for our leadership in technology, environmental, restoration and remediation in climate adaptation. We anticipate healthy growth by leveraging our environmental services as an enabler across all infrastructure sectors.
Our transportation business continues to perform well globally. Our ports and maritime business experienced the highest growth, driven by expansion of global container terminal operators and containerized bulk shipping. In aviation, we have a strong pipeline of opportunities in the U.S. as well as the rapidly expanding market in Europe and Southeast Asia. We had significant contract wins with Metrolinx rail in Toronto and a 1-year contract extension for Heathrow's runway expansion. Our water business remains strong with solid year-on-year growth, continued recognition as a global innovation leader. We were recognized by the Global Water Summit with various awards, including the Global Desalination Project of the Year for the Tuas desalination facility in Singapore. 
As we mentioned at Investor Day, information technology and operational technology are converging. We believe those that can combine digital expertise and domain knowledge will take share. An example of where we are leveraging our domain knowledge and digitally enabled solutions is a recent win for a confidential client, where we're developing the cyber defense architecture for protecting their operational technology attack surface. Another key strategic win was an artificial intelligence transportation control system with Delaware transportation management that collects and analyzes high-resolution data to disseminate real-time travel information to generate traffic congestion solutions. 
In summary, our BIAF business continued to outpace the market, including double-digit backlog growth. We're well positioned for strong growth for the remainder of fiscal year 2019. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Thank you, Kevin. I'm very pleased with our solid start to the first half of 2019 and the strong demand environment we're seeing within our core industry sectors. We have an ambitious strategic vision for Jacobs, a strong track record of execution and disciplined philosophy of allocating capital, the combination of which we believe is paramount to delivering above-market returns for our shareholders. 
As we look forward, we continue to expect fiscal 2019 adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $920 million to $1 billion. And we're increasing our total fiscal year 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to $4.45 to $4.85 per share from our previous guidance of $4.40 to $4.80. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Yes.

No, we're confident on the projections that we put in place that modeled the acquisition, including 2019. We see a timing situation going on with KeyW that some awards get pushed into the second quarter and second half of the year. We've been following it closely. We believe the second quarter is going to be a very solid quarter. There's been some good wins that they should be announcing soon. And so we're confident in the remainder of 2019.

Yes. The confidential contract that we have in ATN continues to move to the right, which is good for us. We believe that there's going to be some extension opportunity there over the near term. And then I mentioned, I think the other one you're talking about is Hanford, where we're excited because we're actually involved in 2 programs there, the rebid as well as the new tank farm opportunity. So we continue to feel very positively about those and other opportunities. I think I mentioned earlier that our pipeline is a record-high $30 billion in the ATN business. And then we're very excited about the pipeline in KeyW and the margin improvement there that's going to bring to Jacobs. So all in all, a great pipeline going forward.

Yes. We feel very confident about our 3-year ramp associated with our strategic plan that we outlined at Investor Day. And we're off to a great start in the first half. When you look at some of the macros going on, we continue to feel like we're extremely well positioned. There's a lot going on as far as budgets being set by the federal government as well as state and local. NASA remains very aggressive in their whole program of getting to the moon by [ 2040 ]. And the good news is there's a debate on how much more will be spent at NASA moving into 2020 and beyond. But the good news is all the talk is more, whether it's $1 billion to $2 billion more or something even higher than that. So we feel good about NASA and our position there. 
And then when we look at the Department of Defense budget, which I think the talk is somewhere between $730 billion and $750 billion, when you peel the onion and look at the specific programs, really almost right on top of all the mission-critical programs we participate in, a lot of the programs are actually being discussed as double-digit growth opportunities moving into 2020. And so whether it's cyber or some of the other mission-critical intelligence community areas that we and KeyW participate in, we feel very confident there. And then of course, on our BIAF program, the recent moves around the Democrats and Trump talking about finally getting at this federal infrastructure spending, whether it's $1 trillion or $2 trillion, we're talking about a heck of a lot more spending opportunity in the U.S. around infrastructure. 
And then when you look overseas, the infrastructure opportunities are very robust. The Middle East continues to be strong for us. But even in the U.K. with what's going on with Brexit, the spending has been preserved. A lot of the major programs on rail and highways that we're participating in are moving forward. And we believe that once Brexit is resolved, the very first thing they're going to focus on is infrastructure to be a stimulus to the economy there. So our second-largest market in our BIAF market bodes very well. And then we continue to just be very excited about our advanced facilities business. I mentioned a couple of key wins in life sciences and electronics. But we're well placed with regard to the clients that we're focused on in both of those sectors. And so all in all, I would say we're just -- we continue to be very confident in our 3-year strategic plan.

Yes. Thanks, Jerry. It's been, for BIAF, pretty much across the board. We've seen it both in the B&I side as well as the advanced facilities side. On the -- when we look at our business, we're ramping up some major water programs out that we've announced out in California and Houston and some others that clearly we attribute to a combination of Jacobs and CH2M. We had a major highway win in the Washington, D.C. area. That was something that we don't believe either company would have won on its own and together. And the other story on that, Jerry, is that it's margin improvement as well. 
Whereas both companies in the past would have partnered with others, including each other and would have had to share the margin, as an integrated company now, we're getting more of the pie as we're winning rail or highway or airport or water, environmental solutions wins because of the fact that we can bring now most everything we need, other than having to team up from time to time with small set of side business partners. So it's -- just can't overemphasize, it's across the board. The advanced facilities was a major contributor this quarter and as they're ramping up programs both in the electronics and the life sciences area. And it's been global, across the globe with really the only soft point that is in the Australia, New Zealand area after several great years there. So we really like what we're seeing across the globe on all sectors.

Thanks, Jerry.

Yes. I think it's in different areas. We're doing a lot of work in places like Abu Dhabi and Dubai. And there's things going on with the Expo. There's major rail expansions. There's economic growth that's driving the need for new infrastructure. You've got Saudi Arabia with the 2030 Vision and just a real relentless pursuit of expanding everything from health care to entertainment to smart cities. And so it's -- I can't compare it to what what's going on in other areas. But if I do look at Saudi, for example, it's a diversification and it's now spreading. It's funding, which in the past has been exclusively around the energy and chemicals refining sector, to areas around infrastructure is a good example.

Well, I think as we still have a tremendous runway of opportunity to maximize the integration and synergies of CH2M, especially with our BIAF business. I expect that from time to time, we'll have some bolt-on opportunities to take that combination of BIAF, Jacobs and CH2M capability and bring some additional capabilities. Bob Pragada talked about it at investor Day, digital consulting is an area that we're interested in and there could be other bolt-on opportunities. ATN, I think we're -- the KeyW was an initial step of our strategy to really become a Tier 1 government services player, especially focused around areas like federal IT and mission intelligence community and those priority areas for us. 
And so I would expect over the next several years from time to time, some bolt-on opportunities. But we're very mindful and balanced around our capital deployment. We still believe Jacobs is a great investment. And we're -- we've launched our first step with the ASR. And we've laid out the fact that we expect to not only continue our dividend but increase it as our earnings increase. So we have, we believe, a good, disciplined, patient capital deployment strategy.

Well, we've talked about the fact that ATN, unlike most of our other markets, is very highly fragmented. And we still have a relatively small share of the whole big pie there when we talked about the -- just in the U.S. market. And so we see our ability because of our differentiated models that we've talked about around our ability to tailor our offerings to our client rather than some of our competitors bringing sort of their overhead structure to the clients and to work in a swift basis. And I think KeyW is only going to get us even at a higher level there with their rapid deployment. That's been their proven differentiation. And so we look at it less around how much are we all going after the same thing versus our ability to bring unique offerings. 
Our wind tunnel business, for example, in ATN, we bring a unique technology there that enables us to command good, solid margins and win more than our fair share of business there. And our ability now to work with our clients around 5G deployment is a very positive area. Cybersecurity and what we've done now with KeyW to strengthen our cybersecurity platform is only going to make us stronger there. And we're excited again with KeyW, Jacobs around analytics capabilities, artificial intelligence, machine learning and what we're going to be able to do. And I mentioned that some of the specific focal areas by the Department of Defense are really in these high-margin, differentiated areas where we bring unique capabilities. So all in all, we feel confident in our ability to not only win more than our fair share but to focus on the best value sectors in our ATN industry.

Yes. Again, it's such a broad-based answer, so I'll try to be succinct around it. But I'll just start with NASA. A lot of the ability to grow with NASA starts with performance. And we've had great outcomes recently on our award scores. And so when we look at NASA being aggressive on going after their programs and we see an increasing budget, we clearly see ramp-up in NASA across the board there. I mentioned automotive, where we have unique capabilities and a very high-value wind tunnel commercial automotive business. We've been very strong in the U.S. We're expanding into Europe with a lot of the automotive players there as fuel efficiency and acoustics and some of the other areas that the automotive industry was focusing on. Missile defense, that program is going great for us and we're finding opportunities to grow. We see that continuing to ramp up. And then when we look at, as I mentioned earlier, cybersecurity, that's an area now that where this whole IT/OT conversion -- convergence, really excited to see the clients lock in now to see Jacobs as a major player there. 
And the KeyW acquisition only further increased our brand and awareness there for penetrating that business. So it's pretty widespread. And then internationally, in the U.K., we're -- and also Europe, we're focused there. There's some initiatives we're working on to get bigger outside of the U.S. on ATN into some adjacent markets. And then the opportunity is, as I mentioned earlier, this ability to take what we're doing in ATN and BIAF together and looking at opportunities, whether it's smart cities or the 5G rollout or other opportunities to bring our domain knowledge and capability that we've established in Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities and bring the ATN capabilities to those markets. So it's -- there's a tremendous opportunity that's driving that $30 billion pipeline that we mentioned earlier.

Yes. The Hanford ones, both of them should play out around the same time and it will be later this fiscal year whereas the confidential contract is more moving into 2020 time frame. So those are not overlapping. And what we're excited about is, especially when we look about the $30 billion pipeline, the majority of that's new business. And it's not extensions or rebids, although they will be from time to time, but we're really expanding into. 
When you look at the wins that moved the needle for ATN over the last 12 to 18 months, whether it was the special ops command or missile defense, as an example, we moved into new areas there. The KeyW acquisition is only going to accelerate that now when we talk now about getting into ISR space and being able to take their capabilities and move them into our water business or sustainable solutions or agricultural solutions. When we talk about this whole IT/OT convergence, that's moving into new areas. So I think we're well balanced when it comes to contract extensions or rebids and new business.

Thank you. So as I reflect on our second quarter results, we're immensely proud of our organization. We're performing at a high level during a period of extraordinary transformation, where we're focusing and progressing the integration of CH2M successfully. We're executing on our 3-year strategy, which we laid out at Investor Day. We made an important acquisition with KeyW in the government services sector and obviously completing the transformational divestiture of ECR and separating that from Jacobs. And concurrent with all of these activities, our people are focused, delivering exceptional results. So the bottom line is we have extraordinary people and delivering extraordinary outcomes. And I hope you're as excited as I am about our growth here at Jacobs. Thank you.