Thank you, Jon. Turning to Slide 5. Thanks for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2019 financial results and the progress we're making executing against the strategy we outlined at our February 2019 Investor Day. 
Before we discuss our results, I'd like to recap last week's announced expanded leadership roles for Bob Pragada and Kevin Berryman. Bob is promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer of Jacobs and will now oversee all global operations. Kevin is promoted to President and Chief Financial Officer. Adding to his current responsibilities are Jacobs' digital and information technology functions. Both these leaders have been instrumental in driving Jacobs' industry-leading financial performance and superior shareholder value creation. As CEO, I'll continue to lead Jacobs, working closely with Bob, Kevin and the rest of the executive leadership team to build on our momentum and execute our strategy to deliver compelling value for our clients and shareholders. 
As you've heard me say, we're on a journey to create a company like no other. And over the last few years, we've been transforming our business to a higher-value, higher-growth, solutions-focused company. Today, our company is well diversified across sectors and geographies with exposure to multiple secular growth trends of climate change, environmental resiliency, space intelligence, urbanization and the convergence of IT/OT as well as exposure to long-term sustainable cash flow streams, such as national security and nuclear cleanup that enhance the stability of our portfolio. More importantly, we believe the combination of our relentless drive to achieving a high-performance culture, demonstrating a strong execution discipline to profitably grow and making innovation our connected foundation will be a competitive advantage for decades to come. 
For the most recent quarter, our financial results were strong. On a year-over-year basis, fourth quarter net revenue grew by 10% on a pro forma basis, including KeyW. Fourth quarter adjusted operating profit was 15% higher than last year, and adjusted EPS of $1.48 was up 29%, including $0.09 of discrete tax benefits. For the fiscal year, we posted double-digit adjusted EBITDA and EPS growth even when excluding the benefit from acquisitions and discrete tax items. 
During the quarter, we executed a $250 million accelerated share repurchase and have bought back approximately $850 million of our shares during fiscal 2019. We from a flexibility standpoint, we maintain a healthy balance sheet that provides the opportunity to further deploy capital toward high-return investments. 
Given our strong operating performance and positive outlook, we're introducing adjusted EBITDA and EPS guidance, which at the midpoint represents double-digit growth, and we're well positioned to reach our 2021 EBITDA growth targets. 
Now on to Slide 6 to discuss our new brand. Many of you may have seen our new brand video when you joined today's earnings call. For those that haven't, I encourage you to visit our investor site where we've included a link in the earnings call slide deck. It's proven that companies with strong brands have a significant competitive advantage in terms of attracting and retaining the best talent and building stronger relationships with clients, unlocking velocity to compound above-market growth rates. We have created a new brand to reflect our transformation, unite our people under a common purpose and showcase the innovative and meaningful work we do for our clients and communities. Given our transformed business, now is the opportune moment to tell our story to the world, combining our rich history and future strategy. Central to the brand is our new tagline, Challenging today, Reinvesting tomorrow, signaling our transition from engineering and construction to a global technology-forward solutions company. 
Challenging today is our response to the increasing complexity our world is experiencing. It calls on us to join forces, putting our knowledge and imagination together to reinvent the way we solve problems and shape the next generation of innovative solutions. Reinventing tomorrow is our promise and an invitation to challenge what's accepted and raise the bar in everything we do, from the brilliant solutions we create with our clients to the open and inclusive culture we create for our people, from the positive difference we make in our communities to the added value we deliver to our shareholders. Together, we're pushing the limits of what's possible. We stay ahead to create the new standards our future needs. 
The culmination of this is symbolized within our new logo. As you have seen, we chose to change our ticker symbol to J to signify our focus on delivering integrated solutions, and we're also preparing to change our legal name to Jacobs Solutions. 
Continuing with a discussion on our brand, let's turn to Slide 7. At Jacobs, it's crucial to our strategy to align around common values that guide our behavior and unify us as one company worldwide when interacting with clients, employees, communities and shareholders. While the values our company has always stood for haven't changed, the way we articulate them has. 
First, we do things right, which means we always act with integrity, taking responsibility for our work and caring for our people. We make investments in our clients, company and communities so we can grow together. An example is our sustainability strategy named PlanBeyond, which focuses on planning beyond today for a more sustainable future for everyone. 
Second, we challenge the accepted. To create a better future, we must ask the difficult questions. Always staying curious, we're not afraid to try new things. Beyond this is our global innovation program focused on our agility to challenge the accepted with the domain expertise to push beyond our boundaries and deliver for today and into tomorrow. 
Third, we aim higher. We don't settle, always looking beyond to raise the bar and deliver with excellence. We're committed to our clients, bringing more valuable solutions for shared success. This value is reinforced with our beyond excellence approach to solving our customers' challenges with the highest standards of quality and performance excellence. 
And finally, we live inclusion. We have an unparalleled focus on inclusion. With a diverse team of thinkers, visionaries and doers, we embrace all perspectives to make a positive impact. Together beyond is our approach to living inclusion and enabling diversity and equality globally. For us, this means creating a culture of belonging, where we thrive and embrace all perspectives. 
Turning to Slide 8. Earlier this year at our Investor Day, we announced 5 innovation hubs. Today, I'd like to discuss how we're leveraging 2 of those hubs, IoT and predictive analytics. Across our businesses, we have accumulated decades of domain intelligence contained in both structured and unstructured data sets that when applied against advanced algorithms powered by nearly infinite compute capacity are driving revolutionary outcomes for clients and higher margins for Jacobs. We're only at the tip of the iceberg in terms of what's possible. 
For example, today, we're partnering with a leading technology provider to bring to market an artificial intelligence solution for our water customers. Through decades of work in the water sector, we've created one of the most extensive video data sets in classifying defects in buried infrastructure. We have taken this data set and adjusted it into a specialized cloud-based AI algorithm to auto score water infrastructure inspection video to deliver higher quality and more consistent risk scoring. The result is a tenfold increase in the analyzed improvement of this inspection technology. We plan to formally introduce this to our client base over the next 12 months. The return profile of this type of solution is orders of magnitude higher than a traditional approach as this capability lowers the cost for our customers, increases our per unit profitability and establishes an incremental network effect on data, which further enhances the quality and insights of our technology. 
And now moving to Slide 9. Before I go to each of our 2 businesses, I'd like to highlight our new line of business names. Using the new brand as inspiration, we renamed our lines of business to reinforce our transformation to a solutions-based company and reflect the sense of pride our people have for the outcomes they're delivering with our clients. Our new line of business names are Critical Mission Solutions, formerly Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear, which puts our clients' mission at the center of everything we do; and People & Places Solutions formerly Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities, which reinforces our drive to improve the lives of people everywhere and the positive impact and value our solutions bring to our clients, communities and society as a whole. 
So now starting with Critical Mission Solutions. Our pro forma backlog is up $400 million from last year to $8.5 billion. And when considering the full value of our contracts, including options and extensions, Critical Mission Solutions' backlog would be almost 40% larger. We continue to call out 2 significant Critical Mission Solutions contracts, Hanford Plateau Remediation and a classified network security program with the U.S. government, that are burning revenue without a corresponding increase in backlog. Without this dynamic, our Critical Mission Solutions backlog would have increased in the high single digits from prior year. 
Critical Mission Solutions' unique delivery model combines strong technical expertise, localized delivery and an efficient cost structure and continues to deliver growth and ultimately a transition to higher unit margins. 
From an industry sector standpoint, space exploration continues to be an attractive opportunity. Jacobs is proud to be NASA's largest provider of professional technology services. In fiscal year '19, our NASA portfolio continue to grow as we built delivered solutions to their most important missions. In partnership with the Johnson Space Center, Jacobs plays a crucial role across 5 NASA centers supporting the Artemis moon program. 
Through our intelligent asset management solutions, we continue to improve operations and reduce the cost of maintenance of NASA facilities. A great example is our work on the 5-year modernization program at the Ames arc jet complex. 
Critical Mission Solutions also provide strong technical expertise in mission-critical sectors, serving the U.S. military war fighter and intelligence agencies. We saw significant incremental revenue during the quarter from our recent win of the Army's military intelligence Huachuca training and support contract, where Jacobs provides critical training and testing programs. 
In addition, we were recently awarded a role to provide intelligence analysis services to the Defense Intelligence Agency under a multibillion-dollar 5-year IDIQ contract. We also recently won a recompete assignment for the National Science Foundation. Our superior Agile software development capability was critical to winning. This was originally a contract from Blue Canopy, demonstrating the continued benefits from this strategic acquisition. 
And consistent with our organic growth strategy, Critical Mission Solutions is successfully expanding further into higher-growth and higher-margin sectors like telecom, 5G, data analytics, cybersecurity and C5ISR. Our telecom business grew by approximately 50% in FY '19, benefiting from the shift to 5G small cell sites as cities deploy intelligent infrastructure. Our telecom team provides differentiated consulting and infrastructure services to support this multi-decade opportunity in close collaboration with the People & Places Solutions line of business. 
The KeyW acquisition closed in June. Fourth quarter performance was in line with our expectations. We're off to a great start with our integration process and well positioned to achieve both cost and revenue synergies in fiscal year 2020. 
KeyW is a strategic game-changing investment, delivering mission IT and cybersecurity solutions, along with intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance products. During the first quarter of 2020, leveraging the combined Jacobs-KeyW capabilities, we won a 5-year $216 million contract from the Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center for specialized cybersecurity training. This win represents the first of many KeyW revenue synergies that we expect to achieve, and it is exciting to see our teams come together so quickly in delivering incremental strategic growth opportunities. 
In summary, we're pleased with the Critical Mission Solutions' performance. And as we look forward, our unfactored pipeline has grown to $33 billion in opportunities, up 10% from last quarter. We're excited to begin the new fiscal year with such momentum. It's positioning us for the next major set of incremental awards toward the end of fiscal year 2020. 
Now moving to Slide 10. People & Places Solutions posted strong fourth quarter results with backlog growing 10% year-over-year to $14 billion. Our People & Places Solutions business has a diversified set of high-value industry sectors and geographies. We're well aligned to multiple secular growth trends such as climate change resiliency, access to clean water, urbanization, advances in cell and gene therapy, cloud computing and the convergence of information and operations technology. 
At our Investor Day earlier this year, we focused on 3 areas: market, digital and global connectivity. Together, we believe these strategic pillars allow us to execute against higher-value opportunities and respond quickly to ever-evolving market conditions. 
Our market connectivity is a differentiator during customer pursuits as advancements in technology drive connected infrastructure. We're a clear leader across multiple sectors, such as environmental, water, transit, advanced facilities as well as delivery platforms such as program management and strategic consulting. We believe combining our deep domain expertise across different sectors of scale will lead to share gains through cycles. We've institutionalized the execution of this strategy through our global solutions and technology organization, which aligns Jacobs' subject matter experts to drive thought leadership and to develop the next generation of global talent. 
We are clearly capturing a higher percentage of opportunities as we continue to leverage the Jacobs-CH2M combination. Let me provide a recent example. In Germany, we were selected as program manager for SuedLink, a new renewable energy project to integrate wind and solar power into Germany's electricity grid. Jacobs was chosen based on our differentiated delivery solution and comprehensive expertise and complex one-of-a-kind programs. 
Moving to digital connectivity. We're leveraging our deep domain expertise and existing digital capabilities across the entire company to provide our clients world-class solutions. For example, we recently won a project to deliver enterprise IT operations solutions with a major U.S. airport. The project incorporates cybersecurity and data analytics from our recent KeyW acquisition with our smart cities technical expertise. We integrated our industry-leading aviation domain knowledge with our advanced security operations capabilities to win this multiyear opportunity. Going forward, we expect our digital solutions to be a major driver of growth as we further connect our technological expertise and intellectual property across our businesses. 
Our global connectivity affords us the ability to utilize global Jacobs talent to provide unique solutions to multiple clients. We do this primarily in 2 ways: deploying highly technical expertise in a variety of disciplines to local projects around the world and digitally delivering complex solutions from our global delivery centers. During the quarter, the volume of work we delivered through our global integrated delivery model more than doubled with further potential for strong growth. This increase provides benefits to profitability through better utilization and creates multiple centers of excellence to attract, develop and retain the best and brightest talent. 
An example of a recent win driven by our global connectivity is in Asia, a fast-growing aviation market. We were able to leverage the best thought leaders within our global aviation practice, who have delivered many of the world's largest, most complex airports with our local expertise to win the program management for the Manila International Airport. This aviation facility will include 3 new terminals, 4 runways and support facilities on over 6,200 acres of reclaimed land and will accommodate up to 100 million passengers per year, making it one of the world's largest air travel hubs. 
Linking our connectivity strategies together is our acquisition of a 50% share in Simetrica, a U.K.-based organization with global reach that specializes in social value measurement and wellbeing analysis. As the public and private sectors make infrastructure investments that impact local communities, returns are not always straightforward to assess and involve understanding the overall impact on society, including economic, environmental and wider social impacts. Simetrica has developed industry-leading techniques and technologies for assessing social value deployed today at over 1,000 clients. We will work with Simetrica to scale these offerings and solutions, both locally and globally
As you can see, our People & Places Solutions business is making meaningful progress in implementing its strategy and driving the benefits of market, digital and global connectivity. We see a continued expansion of our sales pipeline on a year-on-year basis with many of our larger opportunities slated for award in the second half of fiscal 2020. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Thanks, Kevin. I'm excited about the continued traction of our business transformation. We're seeing a strong inclusive culture developing across Jacobs. Our pipeline is increasing year-over-year with larger, higher-margin opportunities, and we're strategically leveraging our balance sheet, investing in ourselves through timely share buybacks as well as disciplined and targeted M&A activities in strong growth sectors. We're introducing fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA outlook in the range of $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion. We're also initiating fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5.30 to $5.80, which at the midpoint represents a 17% year-over-year growth when excluding the impact from fiscal 2019 discrete tax items. 
In summary, fiscal 2019 was a strong year of performance. We have a clear vision and strategy for Jacobs and will remain disciplined in executing against it. We're well aligned to capture secular growth opportunities, we have a strong balance sheet and we're well positioned to deliver on our financial targets. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Yes. I mean, starting with the -- building the People & Places Solutions. Clearly, the momentum of Jacobs and CH2M and unleashing the strength of that combination has been exciting, and it's contributed to some of the higher numbers that you're seeing. But I think we've been also pleased with the continuation on the advanced facility side in both life sciences and electronics. But we keep thinking about whether there's going to be a bit of a pullback, and the good news is it continues to stay strong all the way through 2019. And we actually see ourselves entering 2020 still in a very robust environment on that sector. And so overall, that People & Places Solutions business is really strong across-the-board with everything going on with infrastructure globally. 
I think on the Critical Mission Solutions, we're seeing better-than-expected results on the NASA side of things. We've got our existing contracts, but there's been some pretty good plus ups going on. The NASA is aggressively now going after the whole Artemis mission, and that cuts across about 5 different space centers where we participate. So things have gone well there. 
The missile defense program that we won 1.5 years or so ago, we're actually finding that we're getting some add-on opportunities as a result of the solutions that we're providing now that we're demonstrating in that relationship. So the existing programs I think are going very well. And we're winning what we're supposed to win. So very pleased across both sides of the business.

Yes. The M&A pipeline is -- it continues to be pretty rich because we -- our M&A team is doing a great job working with the 2 business lines on exploring some of the traditional bolt-on opportunities as well as the differentiated opportunities as we really look at strengthening ourselves in areas like consulting, strengthening ourselves in digital capability and innovative technology. And so there's lots of opportunities out there. But as Kevin said and I said in both our remarks, we're going to remain very disciplined. And obviously, we're not going to make M&A moves just for the sake of scale. They've got to be value creating. And we continue to believe that we've got a great investment opportunity in ourselves. And so this is going to be a balance of just monitoring the M&A market against buying back our own shares, and so our capital deployment strategy will remain disciplined.

Yes. So as I mentioned in my remarks, we believe in the long-term benefit of KeyW. We do think it's going to be a game-changer for Jacobs. Nothing has changed from the time we bought it. And if anything, what has excited us are the synergy opportunities across all of Jacobs. So the benefits that we're seeing are People & Places Solutions now going after -- in combination with the KeyW organization. 
I think, overall, our opportunity is the same. The mix of where it will come from, some of it, we may actually see spillover into the People & Places Solutions business versus some of the specific businesses that maybe we thought were going to show up in the traditional KeyW area just based on timing. The special project that you talked about, we remain extremely confident, if not more confident. But the timing of it is still sort of something that isn't obviously in our hands. And we're continuing to demonstrate the success and the staging of that, but not sure that will play through completely in 2020 as we had previously expected. But as I said, our team is more confident today that that's going to ultimately come to fruition. And whether it spills over into the first half of '21 or second half of 2020, we can't say for sure here today. 
But I'll just give you one sort of example of why we're excited about KeyW in the combination with Jacobs. Prior to KeyW, we were -- we, Jacobs, we're in about 50% of the intel agencies across the whole $60 billion intel business. And now with KeyW, we're a 100% covered with all the agencies. And that's where we're getting excited about the pipeline maybe more than we had thought prior to acquiring it. And so whereas we talk about the space intelligence as a tremendous opportunity, we're now getting even more excited about the cyber side and the intel side, the mission IT side. And so that's why my comments were around the mix is different. But the overall opportunity is very exciting going forward.

Yes. Michael, why don't I answer the second one first. The skill sets, I'd say, we're looking for would be more cross-cutting and probably focus in more on cyber, right now, cyber as well as predictive analytics. As far as which way they're going, it's pretty bilateral right now is that we're seeing a lot of our cyber expertise that we have within our Critical Mission Solutions have an effect on what would traditionally be infrastructure projects. And then going the other way -- well, actually go both ways, our geospatial expertise, both utilizing what we have within our Critical Mission Solutions as well as people & places for infrastructure as well as for other applications. So it's pretty broad. It really is the connectivity between both lines of business is the technology piece.

I think it would be pretty even. Yes. Yes.

I think just in the Critical Mission Solutions side specifically, we've been -- we're excited about some unusually larger opportunities that are in the pipeline. And so the exciting thing is that they're larger than normal, but because of the size, it's going to take a little longer to play out to go through the bid process and, hopefully, win these. We feel very positive about our positioning on it. So just building on Kevin's comment, it's why we, when we're talking about the pipeline going up, it's some significant-sized projects that, that will most likely play out in the second half of this year.

Bob, do you want to comment on your side of the...

Thank you. So it's an exciting time for Jacobs. Our new brand, we've made a bold change, shaped by our employees, clients, shareholders. Our brand reflects our proud history centered around our belief that we can create a more connected, sustainable world together. Challenging today, reinventing tomorrow. Thank you.