Thank you for joining us today to discuss our first quarter fiscal year 2022 business performance and our key strategic initiatives. As we've stated before, we're on the front end of a multiyear growth cycle for the company. This is driven by a combination of secular growth opportunities in our core sectors such as U.S. infrastructure investments, climate response, a super cycle of supply chain investments in electronics as well as being at the nexus of disruptive new technologies in domains of space, cyber and software analytics. We expect these opportunities to drive accelerated revenue growth for the balance of the year. 
Looking into 2025 and beyond, we envision Jacobs as a company like no other, a company that combines deep domain knowledge of operational environments with the latest advances in technology. We are excited to share a more comprehensive analysis of our strategy at our March investor event. 
Now let's discuss the first quarter results. During the quarter, in People & Places Solutions, our advanced facilities business delivered double-digit revenue growth and over 20% growth in operating profit, driven by our work with Intel and other global microchip customers, along with growth in life sciences and the electrical vehicle market. And in the Americas, we're also seeing the beginnings of projects related to the U.S. infrastructure bill enter our pipeline. 
Within Critical Mission Solutions, we had a highly anticipated significant backlog addition from our space-based intelligence surveillance reconnaissance group called Rapid Solutions. The remainder of CMS pipeline remains strong with substantial new award opportunities expected this fiscal year. PA Consulting continued to outperform, posting another triple-double with 21% revenue growth, adjusted operating profit margins of 22% and double-digit pro forma year-over-year backlog growth. Total Jacobs' net revenue increased 6% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA grew 11% during the quarter. 
In the first quarter, we experienced strong bookings. As a result, our overall backlog ended the quarter up 12% year-over-year and up 10% on a pro forma basis. Given the strong backlog growth dynamics of our business, we're reiterating our fiscal 2022 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS outlook. 
Looking beyond 2022, we expect strong organic growth to result in approximately $10 per share of adjusted EPS in fiscal year 2025, excluding any potential deployment of material capital toward M&A opportunities. At our investor event in early March, we'll provide additional detail on how capital deployment and focused new growth opportunities can provide additional upside to this expectation. 
Turning to Slide 5. One of the most attractive opportunities for Jacobs is to expand our data and cyber businesses across 3 focus areas of specialized consulting, operational technology solutions and data analytics platforms. With a combination of strategic acquisition and key talent additions, we have built a strong business providing data and cyber solutions at scale to protect national security. Expanding beyond national security, as attempts by bad actors to cripple both public and commercial assets and facilities continues to increase, we see accelerating requests for our data and cyber solutions from our critical infrastructure customers. 
We have developed and acquired a portfolio of high-technology solutions such as synthetic aperture radar technology and the BlackLynx edge computing platform, which we plan to further scale and commercialize. Jacobs also has numerous software-based analytics solutions across the water, transportation and environmental verticals, which is now enhanced with the acquisition of StreetLight Data, which I'd now like to discuss in further detail. 
Moving to Slide 6. StreetLight Data is a vertical data-as-a-service analytics platform that helps customers gain insights into 3 high-growth areas. First is understanding mobility and last-mile supply chain analytics of all modes of vehicle and pedestrian movement as well as trip patterns both in recent and comprehensive historical data. Second is analyzing the impact of infrastructure investments, including how to plan the expansion of future communities and where and when to deploy electrical vehicle charging solutions and autonomous vehicles to enhance sustainable solutions. And third is measuring the social value impact of infrastructure investments on underserved communities and populations overall. 
As the U.S. prepares to embark on one of the largest infrastructure investments in history, having access to these analytics will be crucial, which is a new multibillion-dollar market for Jacobs. We view the addressable market for StreetLight in 3 buckets: expanding market share with North American transportation-focused customer base; leveraging into other infrastructure segments such as water, environmental and the built environment; exploiting adjacent opportunities by expanding internationally and developing large disruptive use cases across multiple areas, leveraging Jacobs' portfolio of data and technology solutions, including geospatial technology and edge computing capabilities from recently acquired BlackLynx to create expanded market penetration, growth opportunities and solutions for our clients. 
The team at StreetLight has built the industry's leading solution, which is deployed throughout several U.S. and Canadian transportation authorities and municipalities. Specifically, StreetLight is multiple software development cycles ahead of the competition, driven by its unique multimodal data analytics mode, proprietary algorithms and front-end user experience technology. We expect revenue to grow at over a 30% CAGR through 2025. 
A key part of our strategy is investing, aligning and integrating our data and digital capabilities to truly advance our scale and gain the financial economics of a high-margin recurring revenue opportunity that further supports high-value client solutions. This StreetLight acquisition is an important step in this direction. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Thank you, Kevin. Our purpose to create a more connected sustainable world has never been more relevant to now as advances in data analytics and edge computing power are unlocking our ability to deploy innovative technologies related to climate change, infrastructure and national security. Our proactive portfolio management to align ourselves to these long-term secular growth opportunities has provided us the ability to grow under multiple economic scenarios and even during the pandemic. 
We are now entering a stage where we are experiencing growth across all of Jacobs, and we expect accelerating top line growth throughout the rest of this fiscal year. We are maintaining our fiscal 2022 outlook for adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion and our adjusted EPS outlook of $6.85 to $7.45. 
Beyond the current fiscal year, our sales pipeline and robust end markets indicate continued strong performance. As I stated earlier, we anticipate approximately $10 of adjusted EPS at fiscal 2025, with a potential for upside driven by deploying additional investment in our growth accelerators of climate response, data and high-value consultancy. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

So Jerry, we're going to -- this is going to be a big topic for us coming up in Investor Day investor -- the whole investor event, Jerry. So not to deflect the detailed side of your question, but I think we're going to lay all that out and it's going to be pretty exciting. 
It's unfolding now every quarter. I mean, the wins that we talked about, Bob mentioned this first-ever Jacobs opportunity to do the first-ever inductive charging system on a public road in the Midwest is a great example. What we're now doing in the U.S. and Europe to address resiliency and renewable energy logistics with underground cables, the P&G one being the specific opportunity. Green hydrogen, we've got a huge wind program, several big, huge wind programs across the globe. These are all unfolding now and we'll be ramping up that number that you quoted literally every quarter as we proceed. 
So we're going to get into that detail, but it's everything from decarbonization, energy transition, resilience, mitigation, adaptation, it's -- and we'll be spelling out some specific growth targets during the investor week.

Yes. So let me start. I think what's important about StreetLight is we've been doing business with them for the last 6 years, so we have a lot of experience with them and have proven success. They are a validated, capability trusted, especially in the DOTs, Department of Transportations here in the U.S., although they've been focused on a handful or so of these Department of Transportations directly. And now what we bring is the opportunity to unleash that because we're one of the leading players in transportation not only in the U.S. but globally. 
The whole opportunity with StreetLight is a multimodal capability, which is unique in the industry. So they're accessing data from mobile devices, connected vehicles, geospatial, IoT sensors. And then they have a very unique process technology and with very strong algorithms and being able to create data and visible insights that will lead to climate change solutions and being able to move infrastructure to underserved communities and the whole host of infrastructure needs in the transportation sector. 
And then specifically from a Jacobs' standpoint, a big opportunity is that we see the opportunity to work this technology into other infrastructure sectors where we're industry-leading like water, environmental, building environment. We are able to codevelop new products with them, bring this internationally, especially in areas like U.K., where we're a major player in transportation and other markets in Asia, et cetera. And so it's -- we see a tremendous opportunity as the reason why we expect greater than 30% revenue growth in this business over the next several years per year.

Look, I think this is the sort of anticipated win, and we're very limited in what we can talk about because of the classified nature. But it's got a phasing approach to it but this was the critical phase to win. And so now the momentum is going to start to build. And we -- again, we're going to provide some more information during investor week. But what we see is that the way this thing can phase over the next several years and what it's got us into now is an opportunity to create a $0.5 billion Rapid Solutions business. And we'll provide some more details on how we see that sort of unfolding when we get to investor week.

Most other clients.

Look, just to put a perspective on that question because it really is important of what you brought up is that we've been involved as a company over the last 5 to 10 years in the NASA intelligence arena on big data and digital transformation, intelligent assets. And so now taking that platform and with the acquisitions of KeyW, Buffalo Group, BlackLynx and StreetLight over the last 3 years or so. And then add on top of that, our new venture capital strategy of seed investments and partnerships with the likes of HawkEye 360 and Microgrid Labs. 
And then a big data partnership ecosystem that we've developed and putting that all together, we are now poised and positioned with a large-scale capability for transformative data solutions across all of our Jacobs' domains. And that is a strategy we're going to continue to build on. In addition to climate, which we've talked about earlier in this call, this whole data solutions is going to be a big part of what we're going to talk about in the investor week and touch on the rest of your questions as we go forward.

I think we believe -- it's a combination because I do think what you commented on, what we've acquired and built both organically and with previous M&A, we feel like we are a large-scale player now. And so therefore, our -- when we wake up every day, our priority is organic growth off of that platform. Secondly, any acquisition we do going forward is going to be rigorously compared to the alternative of buying back stock. And we've done that in the past. We'll continue to do it. 
What may have looked like a pretty bold price on some previous acquisitions are now looking amazingly attractive in short periods of time. And PA is a great example, if you just -- in less than a year, the whole multiple profile of our acquisition is amazingly attractive. I'll just leave it like that. 
So I think it's going to be a combination of going forward, that we will continue to invest in Jacobs and look at our stock buybacks. But from time to time, we're going to continue to build out this capability that we're really excited about. And -- but it has to be a situation where we believe over the course of the first few years, we'll all look back and say it was a very attractive price and not overpaying for something just because we've got to get bigger. And that's -- I think we've proven that in the past and we'll continue to do that as we go forward.

Yes. Thank you, everyone. We look forward to hopefully having a good engagement during investor week with many of you. Take care.