Thank you, and welcome to our fiscal year 2018 third quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report that we're on track to deliver fiscal year 2018 adjusted earnings per share results at the high-end of our previous outlook and well above the guidance we shared last November shortly after announcing the CH2M acquisition.
Our year-to-date performance reflects strong execution against our major strategic priorities: to further strengthen our winning culture, including an increased focus on inclusion and diversity; to transform our core by executing our work with rigor and discipline; and to profitably grow by capturing higher-margin opportunities in growing end markets and delivering differentiated client-centric solutions.
And with regard to the recent CH2M acquisition, we are exceeding the major cultural and financial integration commitments we made a year ago when we announced this transformative acquisition. I will discuss the Jacobs and CH2M combination in more detail later in my remarks.
On a pro forma basis, third quarter revenue grew 14% versus prior year with each line of business posting growth. Adjusted SG&A cost decreased sequentially and was also lower versus the pro forma year ago quarter, demonstrating significant progress on achieving cost synergies associated with the CH2M acquisition. Our third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.35 per share, an increase of 71% year-over-year. Kevin will cover the components of EPS, including a bridge to GAAP EPS in his remarks. Free cash flow generation was strong in the third quarter, and we demonstrated our ability to delever with gross debt down from the second quarter.
I'm also very pleased to report that the third quarter backlog increased sequentially to $27.2 billion and is up 8% on a pro forma basis from last year's third quarter, with all 3 of our lines of business contributing to the backlog growth. Looking forward, we continue to experience strong demand across both our Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear line of business, ATEN; and our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities business, BIAF. In addition, supply-demand fundamentals are strengthening in our Energy, Chemicals and Resources, ECR sector, where we are taking a disciplined approach to capturing opportunities in an improving market.
Turning to Slide 5. As I highlighted earlier, culture is a key component of our strategy, and our people are the heart of our business. To that end, we believe, inclusion and diversity are critical to enhancing employee engagement, retaining and attracting industry-leading talent as well as creating a framework for cross-business collaboration, all necessary for achieving profitable growth. 
Our employee network groups are an important driver of inclusion and diversity and offer our employees an opportunity to connect with others around the world. This picture is from an inaugural global employee network group summit, where 7 employee networks of Jacobs and CH2M came together to charter their purpose and business objectives going forward. The summit was an important step to further accelerate our journey of creating a differentiated professional services company. More than 25,000 Jacobs' employees around the globe identify with one of these network groups, and I could tell you that their enthusiasm is infectious.
Before turning to the next slide, I would like to note that when the recent wildfires drove some of our employees and families out of their homes around our Redding, California office, our employees setup an emergency fund contributing tens of thousands of dollars within just 1 week, showing just how authentic our culture of caring is at Jacobs.
Turning to Slide 6. Our third quarter revenue and backlog was strong at $27.2 billion, up approximately $700 million versus last quarter. On a pro forma basis, total backlog increased 8% or approximately $2 billion, compared to last year's third quarter. We saw an acceleration in field services backlog, which was driven by an increase in major water infrastructure and life sciences design-build projects. From a line of business perspective, on a pro forma basis, ATEN backlog was up 12% year-over-year, while BIAF increased by 8% and ECR up 3%. Gross margin and backlog is up more than 100 basis points year-over-year, on a reported basis, driven by the higher-margin mix from CH2M.
Our Jacobs and CH2M sales teams are now integrated and capitalizing on the tremendous opportunities to leverage each other's strengths, evidenced by our strong bookings and gross margin and backlog performance across the company.
Turning to Slide 7. Now let me discuss the performance by line of business, beginning with Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear, ATEN. We posted a strong quarter in ATEN with revenue reaching $1.2 billion, up 24% year-over-year on a pro forma basis and operating profit up more than 22%. The successful ramp-up of our previously awarded major wins, including the Missile Defense Agency and Special Operations Command, are key drivers to this double-digit revenue and profit growth. Backlog was up 12% versus last year's combined third quarter with both legacy Jacobs and CH2M contributing to the growth. And I'm also pleased that the gross margin in the ATEN backlog increased year-over-year.
From an end market standpoint, we are benefiting from plus-ups across our major government customers such as the Department of Defense, Department of Energy, intelligence community and NASA. Within our commercial markets, the 5G wireless build-out continues to provide a robust opportunity for growth with another AT&T win in the quarter.
From a competitive standpoint, we believe, the highly-fragmented nature of the government services market plays into our strategy that combines strong technical expertise, a unique localized delivery model and an industry-leading efficient cost structure in order to gain market share. 
On the back of posting strong double-digit growth in fiscal 2018, we are encouraged that our ATEN pipeline supports further growth over the next several years. Within that pipeline, some of the major opportunities include large-scale nuclear cleanup projects, incremental space opportunities with NASA as well as overall demand for IT, cyber and analytics capabilities.
During the quarter, we were awarded a scope increase at West Valley nuclear remediation site, and the DOE announced the extension of our plateau remediation contract at Hanford. Our nuclear strength positions us well to capture incremental opportunities during the upcoming DOE nuclear procurement cycle.
Within our Environmental business, we were awarded a contract to provide the Defense Threat Reduction Agency solutions for sustainable chemical, biological and other threat reduction capabilities. This win demonstrates the technical expertise and differentiation that CH2M brings to Jacobs.
While CH2M integration growth synergies are a clear focus at this time, I'm pleased to also note that our previous acquisitions in the cybersecurity and analytics market such as Blue Canopy and Van Dyke are also driving revenue synergies. For example, across all of Jacobs, our commercial, private and other public clients are seeking ATEN's unique and deep expertise in areas such as at-scale network vulnerability assessments, cloud-based security operations management and organically developed software solutions to solve many complex cyber and AI initiatives. 
In summary, the ATEN business is executing well against its strategy and positioned to deliver a double-digit year-over-year profit increase in fiscal 2018 with continued strong growth into 2019.
Now on to Slide 8 to discuss our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities line of business, which posted another solid quarter of results. On a pro forma basis, BIAF revenue increased 5% versus last year's third quarter and delivered an 80 basis point increase in operating profit margin on a year-over-year basis. Additionally, revenue and backlog was up nearly $1 billion versus pro forma last year. 
Overall, we are experiencing strong demand, driven by population growth, aging infrastructure and increased urbanization with robust growth in the U.S., Middle East and Asia markets. The U.K. is holding steady in spite of uncertainty in that region. Specifically in the U.S., which makes up over half of our BIAF revenue, we are seeing particular strength in the West Coast, Texas and in the southeast. 
Our combination with CH2M is driving increased value for our clients, and it is clear that we have elevated our leadership in many of the most crucial global spending priorities. Water is one of these key priorities and as you recall, was a major component of our 2016 strategy that drove the acquisition of CH2M. 
In July, I met customers and presented at the Singapore Water Conference, which is a premier event in the water industry. There were over 20,000 participants from more than 100 cities globally in attendance. Our conversations with customers at the conference reinforced our thesis that we are in the early stages of a significant positive water investment cycle that is driven by several factors, including climate change and an increased need for clean water.
Our clients are prioritizing upgrades to water filtration, wastewater treatment, conveyance and distribution that have been delayed far too long. We are not only a leader across these traditional water projects, but we are now bringing next-generation technology to our clients by leveraging data analytics into our end-to-end solution offerings.
During the quarter, we were awarded multiple water projects such as San Diego Pure Water and design-build projects in Arizona, Oregon, Northern California and West Texas. And very importantly, the pipeline over the next 12 months for water projects is strong. In the coming months, BIAF President Bob Pragada and his key leadership will be hosting an investor webcast to provide a more in-depth look into the water market.
Another key priority is transportation, which includes aviation, rail and highways. Within aviation, we're seeing strong demand, coupled with industry analyst expectation that $450 billion will be needed by 2020 to keep pace with a record passenger growth outlook. Virtually every major airport and many of the smaller regional airports are undergoing significant capacity expansions. For example, Heathrow is moving forward with their third runway, LAX and LaGuardia in the midst of expansions and Singapore, Denver and Dubai are all planning to expand their operations. Our leading position in aviation was recently highlighted with a #1 global ranking by Engineering News-Record, and we believe, we are positioned well to further capitalize on this opportunity.
From a rail and highway standpoint, urbanization continues to be a major driver globally. During the quarter, we were awarded a significant program for Etihad Rail in the United Arab Emirates to design what will be one of the world's largest freight and passenger rail lines. We've also had domestic wins with the New York City Metro Transit Authority and San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit System. 
Highways continues to show steady performance from both new construction as well as continued operations and maintenance investments. During the quarter, we were awarded 2 major highway projects on the East Coast of the U.S. and renewed our 15-year O&M contract with the Cheshire East Council in the United Kingdom. 
With regards to our Built Environment business, we continue to see solid demand across a variety of verticals, including the U.S. government, health care, education and sciences. Specifically, we are excited about the investments being made in K-through 12 schools as advances in technology within the classroom are spurring state and local government funding to create tailored learning environments.
Finally, our Advanced Facilities business performed better than our expectations during the quarter, driven by an upside in electronics and strong performance in life sciences. From an electronics standpoint, we continue to see strong underlying demand for more data center capacity. Semiconductor and chips are being driven by secular growth factors such as artificial intelligence, emerging chip technologies, edge computing and vehicle automation. 
In life sciences, we're seeing pipelines build as U.S. tax legislation is driving potential investment and cell and gene therapy advancements continue to progress. And we're seeing substantial revenue synergy opportunities in the Advanced Facilities pipeline that combines CH2M's design expertise with Jacobs' strength in large-scale EPCM delivery.
In summary, the BIAF line of business is positioned for strong growth across a variety of end markets and regions. The combination of Jacobs and CH2M is surpassing our expectations as revenue synergies are beginning to materialize.
And now to our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business on Slide 9. In the third quarter, our revenue in ECR increased 19% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, a further acceleration from the second quarter growth of 17%. The double-digit increase in revenue was driven by several factors, including increased activity in refining maintenance turnarounds and continued strengthening in our mining business. 
On a pro forma basis, ECR revenue and backlog grew by 3%, year-over-year. Consistent with our ECR strategy, we're increasing our sustaining capital footprint, which we view as highly recurring revenue with a more attractive risk posture. I want to reinforce that our strategy in the ECR line of business will be to continue to focus on sustaining capital lower-risk segments of the energy chemicals and mining value chain, with a high percentage of our revenue aligned to our clients' OpEx spend. 
That said, given recent higher commodity prices, we do see incremental client capital budget opportunities that fit within our risk profile across our ECR business. For example, we're seeing an increase in greenfield refining CapEx globally as well as integrated refining and chemical complexes. Currently, we're delivering the front-end engineering design for a number of these major projects and expect to convert many of these into a larger EPC or EPCM role. There are handful of ethane cracker projects that are moving forward. We participate both delivering the front-end engineering design of crackers and the derivative chemical complexes. In the second wave, we are involved in FEED work for one of the largest crackers as well as several global opportunities for investments in derivative chemical plants.
The MARPOL 2020 regulations that require shipping vessels to reduce their sulfur emissions has reached a tipping point whereby refiners are now investing in upgrades. We are currently working on multiple upgrade early engineering works across the globe. 
As I previously mentioned, our mining business had double-digit revenue growth, mainly driven by studies in early engineering work. We are seeing our customers move forward with major projects in iron ore and copper. We expect a handful of the studies to convert to larger projects in fiscal year 2019. As it stands today, our mining business is approaching $550 million in run rate revenue, which is still well below its previous peak of over $1 billion, indicating potential upside in the business.
From a Jacobs Connected Enterprise standpoint, we continue to make progress leveraging our operational domain expertise to capture adjacent digital opportunities within our core ECR customer base. For example, we were awarded follow-on work that is 4x the initial engagement from a major chemical customer to remediate vulnerabilities found in their cybersecurity attack surface. Overall, we're pleased with the continued progress of our ECR strategy to drive profitable opportunities. We are confident there are multiple drivers that are likely to translate into further backlog growth in fiscal 2019 and '20.
Turning to Slide 10. Just 1 year since we announced our transformative acquisition of CH2M, we are on pace to exceed our commitments to shareholders, employees and clients, delivering a stronger value proposition resulting from our combination, which is being very well received in the marketplace.
This is reflected in our leading position in industry rankings for major end markets like water and transportation and in Jacobs capturing the top spot among global design firms now ranked #1 by ENR. Specifically with regard to our commitment to successfully merge the Jacobs and CH2M cultures and businesses, we are very pleased that CH2M voluntary attrition is in line with preannounced levels, we are exceeding projected cost synergies, and we are delivering strong growth. 
As a result, we expect to outperform the 15% adjusted EPS accretion target in the first 12 months since closing the acquisition in December. And our robust combined backlog points to further growth synergies materializing in our sales pipeline. Although we have more work ahead, I'm very pleased with the progress we have made to date and extremely excited about our future. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin.

All right. Thank you, Kevin. We believe our third quarter performance is strong evidence that we are delivering upon our 3-year strategy. We're excited about the profitable growth opportunities for the company across all lines of business as well as the trajectory of obtaining the remaining CH2M cost synergies. 
As such, we now expect our fiscal 2018 adjusted earnings per share outlook to be at the high-end of our previous range of $4 to $4.40. We're also providing an initial outlook on fiscal 2019 earlier than its normal cadence, given the lack of historical pro forma results and seasonality of the newly combined organization. At this time, we expect fiscal 2019 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $5 to $5.40.
Operator, we'll now open up the call for questions.

I think the good news is that -- as evidenced by our backlog performance over the last couple of quarters, is that we're expecting profit growth across all 3 lines of business. And again, we're not prepared to go into detail, but ATEN is benefiting -- will benefit next year from the full ramp-up of all the major wins that they've begun to ramp up in the second half of this year. So the 2 that I mentioned in the earnings call, SOCOM and the missile defense, but also the [ JTIC ] and the Nevada nuclear win that we had announced earlier this year. So that coupled with additional expected bookings, ATEN is positioned well for profitable growth next year. BIAF, as I mentioned, very strong backlog growth recently and the margin's improving in the backlog, and a very robust global demand profile gives us confidence that we should see profit growth there in 2019. And on the ECR business, as you mentioned, commodities are strengthening, but where we're focused, first and foremost, is continue to drive margin improvement with performance excellence and some of the process improvements and new tools that we've implemented that are specifically going to benefit the ECR business and gain higher margins with existing business and continue to focus on sustaining capital growth. But clearly, we're seeing demand growth in certain markets more than others. I'd say the Middle East for us is starting to show some good prospects for 2019 on some of the major projects. And so we should benefit there as well.

The comments I made about uncertainty are sort of -- are statements of caution, just because it is uncertain, and we don't -- we have a lot of political negativity going on now in the U.K. But from a Jacobs' standpoint, things are pretty solid. I mean, we have excellent prospects. We have a good pipeline of opportunities. It's across all the major sectors that we talked about, water and transportation and climate change and even the energy side on some transmission opportunities. And so we're just trying to be careful not to get ahead of ourselves and claim that as equally exciting as everywhere else, just because of the Brexit and political uncertainty. But as we sit here today, we believe, that's potentially just short term, and we're extremely excited about the prospects. U.K. is our -- what Kevin, our second largest market for the company, specifically in BIAF. And so it's extremely important. We mentioned that the U.S. is more than half, but clearly, U.K. makes an important part of the other remaining size of the business along with a few other key regions.

So let me just start and then I'll turn it over to Kevin. As I've said, for the 3 years that I've been at Jacobs, revenue is important, but it's -- but to overly focus on it becomes very difficult to really predict and project this business, because of pass-through revenues, especially in the area of some of the businesses you mentioned like ECR. And so I think for me, it's the bottom line guidance we gave you is really a combination of our revenue growth, our gross margin and our revenue backlog that we're gaining, the synergies and cost efficiencies that we're driving across the company, our tools that are giving us the opportunity to preserve higher margins for wins that we get going forward compared to the past. And you really just got to look at it across all of those. And I think from an ECR-specific standpoint that you've mentioned, I think equally important to revenue is the whole strategy execution of driving a higher quality of earnings business that we've been proving over the last 18 to 24 months.

Fringe.

No.

The -- so as we've mentioned that it's up 100 basis points based on Jacobs' standalone reported or Jacobs' standalone backlog margin last year and because of the CH2M side. We've talked about the fact that the water business is a higher-margin business and so that's a major contributor. But I'm also pleased that when you look at the overall backlog performance from third quarter last year to third quarter this year, on a pro forma basis, both the Jacobs and the CH2M side of the business from last year have grown the backlog on the revenue side. So it's really a combination of good sort of combined performance, but especially some of the higher-margin businesses that we acquired with the CH2M business.

I'll just answer both regionally and sector-wise. Clearly, regionally, we see the strongest pipeline moving into 2019 in the U.S. with our core A&T business, as and evidenced by obviously some major wins, but also pipeline of opportunities. The nuclear -- as you know, the nuclear business, especially what we acquired from CH2M goes in certain cycles and where the 2019, '20 is expected to be an up-cycle on several large projects coming on the board. And so that's going to be important to us, as we go forward as well. I'd say those are 2 specific opportunities. The weapon sustainment area is important to us, as we mentioned in our strategy. And also because of the successful acquisitions and the Jacobs Connected Enterprise focus, we're expecting strong growth in cybersecurity and digital analytics, et cetera, as mentioned in my prepared remarks.

It's a great question, Jerry, one that I ask every quarter when we're sitting in our business reviews. And the good news is that in spite of the unprecedented or historical high win back in 2017 and '18 time frame, we still have an extremely strong pipeline of opportunities in the ATEN business. And I'm just kind of repeating what I said, especially in the U.S., as it relates to all of the different military sides and the cybersecurity side, NASA opportunities, both plus-ups as well as expanding our presence across all of our existing clients. So it's -- we -- the pipeline is strong, and so we're not just depending upon the ramp-up of the previous wins, but we're confident in continuing to put wins on the board with new business.

Yes, we're still -- we're expecting continued backlog growth in ATEN as we move into '19.

All of our projects end up having stages, because these are multiyear projects. So -- but I would say the majority of the ramp-up is going to be completed in -- by the first half of next year, probably more heavily weighted to the next 6 months, but through the first fiscal year next year.

Right. We've clearly had some preliminary or early-on wins that we attribute to the combined company. But the biggest impact so far is in the pipeline, which is exciting, because we see the bigger opportunities for revenue synergies ahead of us. And it's really coming in all the areas that we talked about. Clearly, bringing CH2M's water and environmental capabilities across all of Jacobs, not only in the Infrastructure side where the combined strength is winning business and more business in water and environmental, but bringing those capabilities to the industrial side like our mining business and east oil and gas business and same thing with environmental. And so we're seeing it across the globe. Nuclear, the combination positions us well for the big nuclear jobs going forward, and so that's kind of in the pipeline as well. So again, I think we'll spend more time over the next year talking about actual wins that are attributable to revenue synergies, whereas these first 6 to 9 months has been more about the cost synergies. With regard to the culture and the people, it's going extremely well. As I mentioned, attrition rates are stable, which is always a concern and challenge during a merger of this size. And so we believe that the whole integration process, the IMO, Integration Management Office, that we put in place, which we believe, is a best-in-class process, is paying dividends. We're clearly keeping the momentum up on getting out in front of our people across the globe, not only communicating, engaging, but understanding where issues are and adjusting to those quickly and, again, there's a lot of excitement within the hallways of Jacobs' offices, but also at the client level, which is equally important. So it's early. We're -- this is only our second full quarter of reporting. And we're not going to let up on the focus to just really drive the right best-in-class culture going forward on a combined basis.

I think it's everything. If you look at the 3-year history of the company, back in 2016, Jacobs' standalone was less than 5% operating profit margin. We finished 2017 over 5%, closer to 5.5%. And we just put on the board a third quarter that has ramped up throughout this year over 6%. And so for us, it's not only to drive earnings growth, but to continue to demonstrate that we're going to have higher quality of earnings. And so it's to focus on the high -- the best end markets to make sure that we continue evaluating our existing portfolio to make sure that those -- everything we do, everything, is going to deliver margin growth. And if there's anything that we believe is not going to achieve that, we're going to assess alternative strategies. But clearly, the acquisition side of it as well will continue to be part of our strategy moving forward. And I think we've reiterated -- we've mentioned several times, we want to demonstrate our success capabilities on merging CH2M and Jacobs, and the more we do that, the more confidence we have on pulling the trigger on other things that will drive similar performance and margin improvement and earnings growth going forward.

It's both. But first of all on the trade war, I mean, clearly, that's giving some of our clients, especially on the mining side, copper, for example, some concern as they're anticipating what's expected to be a supply-demand situation that's going to be very positive for that business over the next couple of years, but yet concerned about all the trade war noise in the short term. But what we continue to hear from those clients are that they believe it's short term, that it's not causing them to significantly slow down any of the conversion of studies into full projects over the next 12 to 24 months. And the same thing I would say from the oil and gas and chemicals side. The -- for us, I think the key is that we're going to stay committed even as the market starts rising to our -- our strategy to demonstrate that we can have sustainable growth and steady performance through the ups and downs of this industry. And I think we've proved that over the last 3 years, 4 years during the down market where Jacobs' backlog reduced significantly less than the rest of the industry. And now as we go forward, we want to make sure that what we put on the board for backlog growth not only has good low risk sustaining capital, maintenance and turnaround growth, which we expect, but that as we do participate in some of the larger projects, the projects that we won't regret winning and we'll be able to preserve the margins and deliver the performance as we've done in the past and even in a better way with our new strategy of performance excellence. There are -- there's clearly an appetite for more risk out there that our clients are pushing on our industry, and so we're being careful and we passed on certain initiatives in the ECR business, because we didn't feel like it met our risk profile, but there are other opportunities emerging now that do meet our risk profile that we're going to attempt to win, and we think the balance of that coupled with the sustaining capital maintenance focus is going to be a successful strategy over the next several years in an improving market.

But Andrew, maybe -- just specifically, I think building on what Kevin said is that this is not something that we're expecting to drag into 2019, so it's a one quarter commentary.

Yes. No change to our strategy there.

Modestly higher. I mean, we're -- as Kevin kind of outlined, we've had success in that business that is -- if you go back to 2016, we're up about 100 basis points in that business from low 4s to a 5% or 4% to 5%. And our ECR team has certain strategies to take that higher.
Okay. Thank you. Thanks again for joining our call and would like to end the call by reiterating that we're well on our way to our mission to create a new kind of professional services company, and we like to describe it as like one that doesn't exist in our industries today. So thank you again, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.