Thank you, Jon. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 business performance and strategy update. We hope everyone is staying safe and healthy as the pandemic continues to impact all facets of our daily lives and our loved ones. 
As we work with our pharma supply chain to support the development and distribution of a vaccine, we must not lose sight of the severity of the situation globally. Here at Jacobs, aligned with our core value of we do things right, we will continue to prioritize the health of our employees and our communities. During this pandemic, we have prudently adjusted our cost structure while continuing key strategic investments to position Jacobs to accelerate growth as the economy recovers. We have continued to take deliberate strategic actions to drive inclusivity and diversity of thought across Jacobs as well as making targeted investments to accelerate our digital capabilities. We strongly believe these investments position Jacobs to capture a compelling growth opportunity to emerge as a uniquely positioned strategic consultant and delivery partner across a diverse set of sectors where we have deep domain expertise. 
We believe having a strategic approach to delivering these next-generation, technology-enabled solutions will be the key differentiator. To capture this opportunity, we are embarking on the next phase of our strategic transformation, which we're calling Focus 2023. Through our Focus 2023, we are accelerating the adoption of digital technology across all facets of our operations, led by a game-changing future of work initiative for our employees. 
Focus 2023 will include a reduction in our physical real estate footprint by more than 30% as we significantly shift to a more flexible and virtual workforce. Our physical office space will be modernized into collaborative learning and customer briefing centers while providing our employees flexible workspaces. We expect that by 2023, this transformative initiative will result in more than $200 million of annual benefits as compared to 2020, which gives us flexibility to materially invest in our business to drive growth through technology-enabled solutions. We look forward to updating you on Focus 2023 in coming quarters. 
Now turning to our business performance on Slide 5. We delivered a strong fourth quarter and a solid total fiscal year 2020 in the face of headwinds from the global pandemic. Total fiscal 2020 revenue increased 5% year-over-year, and our backlog ended the fiscal year up 6%. Fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA grew 7% year-over-year, and we generated $689 million in free cash flow, representing 96% free cash flow conversion to adjusted net income when excluding nonrecurring items. This demonstrates the strong cash generation capability of our business portfolio, a key tenet of our investment thesis. 
As we look forward to the full fiscal year 2021, we continue to expect net revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth. While our 2021 adjusted EPS guidance does not include the benefit from any material future share repurchases, our expectation is that we will lean forward in 2021 with additional capital deployment. We expect progress toward our longer term leverage target. And as we do that, we'll maintain a prudent approach to execute acquisitions and share repurchases that are aligned to our long-term strategic vision and that will drive the most value for our shareholders. 
Since beginning our transformation in 2015, our organic growth performance combined with capital deployment actions, such as acquiring CH2M to accelerate global leadership in high-value sectors such as water and environmental; acquiring KeyW to strengthen our position in mission IT, cyber and space intelligence; and the timely divestiture of our oil and gas business have all collectively created significant value for our shareholders. And as the next step in our thoughtful capital deployment strategy, this morning, we announced the acquisition of cyber and intelligence leader, The Buffalo Group, to further accelerate our offerings in the high priority area of national security spending. I'd like to take this moment to welcome the nearly 900 talented colleagues that joined Jacobs today. While we have a robust pipeline of additional strategic acquisition targets, any decision to deploy capital toward an acquisition will be based on the transaction providing a higher risk-adjusted return than repurchasing of our shares. 
Turning to Slide 6. I'd like to highlight the major role that Jacobs plays in delivering global sustainable solutions. We're honored to now be included in the Dow Jones Sustainable North America Index, which is an important milestone in our ESG journey. As I outlined, investing in high-value innovative sustainable solutions is a key pillar of our strategy. We continue to believe the global water and environmental sectors, along with many other sustainable markets, have decades of strong secular growth ahead. Our strategy is to combine a differentiated technology-driven approach with years of proven delivery at all scales to solve the most complex global challenges and opportunities. 
The importance of these sectors and our Jacobs' capabilities will likely increase under a Biden administration given the President-Elect's commitment to rejoin the Paris Climate Accord as well as the prioritization of key areas such as clean energy, including solar, wind, hydrogen and geothermal. The U.S. and other countries are also expected to quickly move to set regulations on emerging contaminants like PFAS and ensuring access to clean drinking water. Not only do these solutions benefit the communities in which we live and thrive, but from a financial standpoint, the margins from these type of solutions tend to be higher than our corporate average, providing a tailwind to our margin expansion targets. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

All right. Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. We expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.055 billion to $1.155 billion, which represents year-over-year growth. Adjusted EPS is expected to be a range of $5.20 to $6.00. It's important to note that our guidance does not include any benefit from material future share repurchase activity. We do expect to fully utilize our balance sheet capacity over time through share repurchases or acquisitions that provide returns in excess of buyback. 
Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we expect adjusted EBITDA growth to rebound to double-digit adjusted EBITDA as we benefit from our Focus 2023 initiative as well as potential infrastructure-related stimulus and economic recovery. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Jerry, just sort of at a high level, the 2 major pillars really -- and the first one is really growth. It's all about driving the next-generation technology growth. We've obviously learned a lot over this past 10, 11 months with what happened during the pandemic, and it's really given us tremendous opportunity to accelerate our solution set across a variety of sectors that Bob really covered in both LOBs. 
And the second pillar is delivering our work more efficiently, effectively. We have a huge opportunity with what we outlined with regard to the way we're going to have a much more dynamic operating model moving forward with flexible workspace, continued remote working. So a significant opportunity to reduce cost. But it goes far beyond just the real estate and travel. It's really back-office efficiency, procurement and a whole host of other things that should deliver significant cost savings. So those are sort of the combination that, again, together unleashes a growth trajectory for Jacobs moving forward. Kevin, on some more on the financial side?

Yes. Just, Jamie, to start with before I hand it back to Kevin for maybe some more financial backup is that, yes, we expect the Focus 2023 to give us incremental margin improvement as we get beyond 2021. It's one of the major opportunities and objectives of that initiative. And the Buffalo acquisition is accretive to CMS margins, so it's going to enhance that on top of what I just said. And so I think the combination of those 2 as well as the backlog profile we have and looking at some of the multiyear aspects of that backlog and the higher margins in the current backlog as we move forward gives us confidence for multiyear margin improvement. Kevin?

Yes. On the overall M&A pipeline, it's very consistent with what we've been talking about, essentially going back to our 2019 strategy Investor Day. And that is, as we just did with The Buffalo Group, we'll continue to look at ways to strengthen our government services business and move up the value chain there. From an overall company standpoint, we've talked about digital consulting, strategic consulting, becoming a bigger end-to-end player, especially on the front end. Geographic expansion is another area. So just very consistent, staying core to our strategy.

Yes, Michael, as part 2 to your question, I think it's a combination of pent-up demand and accelerating demand over the course of the next 12 to 24 months. And what I mean by that is the pent-up side, obviously, are things like the fact that the life science pharma industry has been totally focused on COVID-19, but there's a whole host of opportunities there that they need to get back out around oncology and biotech, et cetera. 
You think of the whole aging infrastructure dynamics in the U.S. that -- and the U.K. and other areas that have to be addressed. And I think those 2 regions, specifically, the government, is now set up to hopefully live up to strong stimulus and funding around infrastructure in the next several years. 
But then you got the whole accelerating demand that we talked about, which is really driving our Focus 2023 initiative, and that's that customers are now come to grips that they all have to get at this and accelerate their own technology platform and climate change issues and opportunities. And so that accelerating demand opportunity is going to open up and expand our total available market and create significant opportunity for Jacobs.

Yes. Let me -- at a high level again -- and it's great that you asked that question because it feeds right into the whole Focus 2023 initiative. It is all about moving into more and more higher value markets that we believe have a long runway of opportunity. And so it's -- when we talk about connectivity and climate change, resiliency, what's going to -- the whole dynamic of what's going to happen with health care moving forward and really, all aspects of both our Critical Mission Solutions and People & Places Solutions business, it exactly fits into what's the question that you asked is that it is going to be moving into the higher market opportunities. And as I just answered the previous question, we believe that the total market that we're going to be going after over the next several years is going to be significantly expanded versus what we've been addressing over the last, say, 5 years because of the whole technology dynamics that have evolved over the last 12 months. Bob, do you want to kind of give some specific examples around that?

Yes. Thank you. Just to close out. Since the pandemic started, the safety and well-being of our people have been our top priority. And in parallel, we've worked hard to deliver on our client commitments. We're going to continue that focus in spite of the virus escalating around the world. Hopefully, you got a flavor today that we continue to play a role in support of the major pharma clients in the front line of the vaccine therapeutic production, and we're encouraged by the recent announcements on the vaccines. And as we close out this fiscal year, I'm proud of the performance we delivered in these unprecedented times, and the credit goes to the ingenuity and dedication of all of our people. As a result, we're entering fiscal year 2021 from a position of strength in our key markets and a collective determination to drive growth through innovative solutions for our clients. Thank you.