Thank you. So turning to Slide 4, before I discuss the results of the quarter, I'd like to honor the memory of former Jacobs' Chairman and CEO, Noel Watson, who passed away in August at the age of 82. A great mentor and friend, Noel was a larger-than-life leader, a man of character who brought tireless passion, perspective and wisdom to Jacobs, particularly around safety and integrity. 
During his tenure as CEO, Noel steered the company's growth sevenfold from $1 billion to $7 billion in revenue with corresponding profit increases. Recruited by our company founder, Joe Jacobs, Noel served the firm for more than 50 years, including more than 25 years at the helm of the company. Foremost, Noah was a dedicated loving husband, father and grandfather. He is survived by his wife, Phyllis, their 2 children and 5 grandchildren.
In honor of Noel's legacy, we've created the Noel Watson Integrity and Values Award to be presented annually to Jacobs' employees who embody the utmost standards of ethics and integrity.
Now moving to Slide 5. Our strong performance over the last few years has been supported by our relentless focus on culture, including safety, positive mental health, integrity and leadership accountability. Building on this solid foundation, we are also concentrating on inclusion and diversity, along with innovation to further strengthen our culture. 
Recently, we held our first annual inclusion week to increase the velocity of inclusion and diversity within our organization. I am personally co-chairing our Jacobs Women's Network, and each of our senior executive leaders are sponsoring one of our other employee network groups. Throughout the year, our Prism network, which represents our LGBT-plus community, participated in pride celebrations globally. Similarly, our Harambee network, which celebrates people of color, is actively engaged internally as well as externally with our local communities. These are but 3 examples of the diverse networks within our global Jacobs family.
We believe inclusion and diversity will be a key determinant of our success as it drives engagement and empowerment of all Jacobs employees, creativity to solve critical challenges and attraction and retention of the brightest talent, which, together, accelerates our efforts to be the employer of choice in our industry. 
It is proven that companies that achieve broader levels of inclusion and diversity consistently outperform. And to demonstrate our commitment, we are instituting culture-based leadership metrics into annual executive compensation, which will include inclusion and diversity goals for each senior Jacobs leader. 
Now let me turn to Slide 6 to review our results. We delivered strong fourth quarter and total year 2018 results that exceeded expectations. Our results are a testament to our employees' disciplined focus on operational execution while delivering a successful year 1 integration of CH2M, one of the most transformative acquisitions in our industry. This has translated into financial performance levels above our expectations. 
Our 2018 revenue grew 9% pro forma, including CH2M. Our Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear business was a major driver of that growth with a 15% pro forma increase. And gross margin increased over 100 basis points, and adjusted operating profit margins were up 60 basis points to 6%. 
As a result of this strong performance, our adjusted operating profit grew double digits in all 3 lines of business. This growth led to adjusted earnings of $4.47 per share, an increase of 38% year-over-year and above the high end of our guidance. This strong performance, combined with our proactive portfolio of transformation, provides us the opportunity to invest in innovation and drive continued profit and margin growth.
Now turning to Slide 7 to discuss backlog performance. Our fourth quarter revenue and backlog was $27.3 billion, up 2% year-over-year on a pro forma basis, with underlying trends much stronger as large upcoming ATEN renewals of approximately $425 million are not currently in backlog. Furthermore, all lines of business contributed to pro forma backlog growth. 
Gross margin and backlog was up more than 100 basis points year-over-year on a reported basis, driven by the higher-margin mix from CH2M and a continued focus on winning high-value business. Upon completion of the sale of our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business, our pro forma gross margin and backlog will further improve by more than 150 basis points from the higher-margin mix of the remaining ATEN and BIAF portfolio.
Before I discuss the performance of our ATEN and BIAF businesses, I'd like to outline the significant improvement of ECR on Slide 8. With the recent announced divestiture of our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business to WorleyParsons, which is expected to close in the first half of calendar year 2019, I would like to take a moment to recognize our ECR team. 
I am very pleased with the team's ability to drive substantial value creation over the last few years during the recent challenging industry environment. The team successfully shifted resources to capture refining and chemical opportunities and expanded our footprint into new geographies. This was achieved while maintaining a healthy risk posture of mainly reimbursable work and a significant reduction in write-downs, driven by improved project execution. 
As a result, ECR drove a strong financial performance over the last 2 years with a 42% increase in 2000 (sic) [ 2018 ] operating profit versus 2016. And most recently, the business returned to growth, with 2018 pro forma revenue up 7% and operating profit margin expanding 60 basis points versus 2017. 
I am incredibly proud of the entire ECR team's passion and commitment. They are strongly positioned for future success as they combine with WorleyParsons to create a preeminent leader in the energy and resources industry. While this divestiture is bittersweet, consistent with our strategy, we believe it's the right time to make this change to our portfolio, which allows Jacobs the opportunity to focus 100% on our ATEN and BIAF businesses.
Slide 9 highlights our transformed business portfolio as we move forward post the sale of ECR. This newly focused portfolio reflects a stronger sustaining revenue mix in higher-value end markets aligned to growth trends where Jacobs has a leadership position, including national government priorities, sustainable infrastructure and digitally-enabled solutions. We intend to leverage our full complement of differentiated capabilities across our ATEN and BIAF portfolios to drive revenue synergies. This is forming the basis of the next phase of our strategy, which we plan to further discuss at our upcoming Investor Day in February.
Turning to Slide 10. Now let me discuss the performance of Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear, ATEN. During the quarter, our ATEN business continued to significantly outpace the growth of the market and our public government services peers with 19% year-over-year pro forma growth. Key to this performance were a number of long-term enterprise contract wins with the U.S. government, including the Missile Defense Agency and Special Operations Command, which have created a strong base of recurring revenue. 
Backlog was up 2% versus last year's combined fourth quarter, which more than offset the impact of the burn-off by a few large programs that will be rebid soon. Together, these renewal opportunities account for approximately $425 million of annual revenue not yet reflected in our backlog. Gross margin in backlog increased 50 basis points compared to 2017.
The upside to this dynamic is that the nature of these long-term, large-scale enterprise contracts creates strong financial stability. From an end market perspective, we are well positioned against U.S. federal government's high priorities within the Department of Defense, Department of Energy, Intelligence Community and NASA. 
Contributing to the stability of our portfolio, many of our large contracts are aligned to mission-critical areas within the federal budget and are less discretionary in nature. Furthermore, given the highly fragmented nature of the government services market, we believe that our strong technical expertise, unique localized delivery model and an industry-leading efficient cost structure will allow us to continue to gain market share over time.
During the quarter, we were awarded a contract modified by the Department of Education to deploy our Fed-track and tightened cybersecurity tools across the Federal Student Aid network enterprise. These proprietary tools enhance the security authorization and vulnerability management processes that secure the financial transactions and personal information of the U.S. student financial aid program. They also provide predictive cyber-analytics to modernize FSA's security operations center and protect against threat actors seeking to infiltrate government information systems.
A 5-year subcontract for the U.S. Air Force was awarded to provide software development and sustainment for the Air Force financial systems office, bringing our software engineering capabilities to 3 core applications. We were also awarded a 10-year sole-sourced classified contract for continuity of Senior Government Officials Communications, which attests to the capabilities of our telecommunications, IT and cybersecurity teams.
And turning to the commercial part of our ATEN business, we continue to see strength in telecom. The business is mainly professional services, such as consulting, engineering and program management of communications infrastructure development. The 5G wireless build-out provides a significant opportunity for growth over the next 5 years. 
During the quarter, we had another key win with AT&T, continuing the expansion of our geographical footprint in the United States. We are also seeing accelerating opportunities to leverage ATEN capabilities into our BIAF client base, such as smart infrastructure solutions. We believe that leveraging these technology capabilities across the rest of our portfolio will drive additional revenue synergies.
So in summary, the ATEN business had outstanding performance in fiscal 2018, and we're encouraged by the opportunities we see going forward, including continued profitable growth in fiscal 2019.
Now on to Slide 11 to discuss our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities line of business, BIAF, which posted yet another solid quarter of results. On a pro forma basis, BIAF backlog increased 3% year-over-year, with gross margin in backlog up 70 basis points.
From a macro standpoint, we continue to see a robust pipeline of global opportunities, driven by the major trends of urbanization and population growth, leading to an increasing need to invest in upgrading supporting infrastructure. The results of the U.S. midterm elections were favorable for infrastructure spending and state ballot measures, such as the California gas tax. 
In the U.K., we are aligned to well-funded, multiyear programs, such as the Environment Agency's TEAM2100, and we recently won Highways England's Routes to Market, a 6-year program to transform England's motorways. Asia-Pacific demand is underpinned by strong public investment in rail and other infrastructure investments.
As outlined in our recent Water Investor Conference Call, we see multi-decade demand drivers for our water business, including in the near term, being on the front end of a major water upcycle in the U.S. We recently were awarded several major water opportunities, such as program management with the City of Chicago, O&M with the City of Waterbury, Connecticut and a more than 10-year program for California WaterFix. 
Water is one of the areas where we are driving innovation. As a great example, the City of Atlanta has selected Jacobs to develop the digital transformation and smart water utility action plan to define how best to align technologies to address goals such as infrastructure resilience, operational efficiency and cybersecurity.
Within transportation, aviation continues to be strong in the United States and Asia, and we recently closed a contract for design of a major terminal renovation at Baltimore-Washington International Airport. Transit and rail are strong globally, and during the quarter, we closed a significant consulting engagement with Melbourne Metro.
With regards to our built environment business, health care, education and federal buildings are clearly a beneficiary of the broader demand drivers. During the quarter, in education, we won a program management opportunity with the Omaha Public Schools district. We're also seeing a trend unfold for more mixed-use infrastructure, which is allowing for potential revenue synergies between our buildings group and other infrastructure teams.
Financially, our advanced facilities business continues to perform above our expectations, driven by our life science and electronics businesses with major wins during the quarter in both sectors. We had a sizable win with a U.S.-based semiconductor manufacturer, and in October, we closed a $400 million EPCM project with a confidential life sciences customer.
In summary, our BIAF line of business has shown a track record of consistent strong performance. Revenue and margins have increased from both higher-value engagements, improving project execution. 
Before I turn the call over to Kevin, let me make a few additional comments about CH2M. We are clearly demonstrating that the CH2M acquisition has been a strategic and financially accretive use of capital. The cost synergies that underwrote our valuation are well ahead of our original plan, and our revenue synergy pipeline is gaining strong momentum. From a culture standpoint, the teams are now fully integrated and focused on delivering to our profitable growth agenda.
Kevin?

Thanks, Kevin. Turning to Slide 18, we finished fiscal 2018 on a strong note and ahead of the goals we set in our 3-year strategy. Our transformed portfolio has now positioned the company to accelerate its growth agenda in a more focused way. 
We reaffirm our previous fiscal 2019 adjusted EPS guidance in the range of $5 to $5.40, assuming a full year of ECR operations. For Q1, consistent with our annual guidance and incorporating the seasonality of our business, we expect adjusted EPS in the range of $0.85 to $1.15, including ECR. Until we close the sale of ECR, we will continue to provide EPS guidance on a quarterly basis.
Consistent with the announced transaction, we continue to expect fiscal 2009 (sic) [ 2019 ] adjusted pro forma EBITDA, excluding ECR, on a full year basis to be in the range of $920 million to $1 billion. We continue to work on the next phase of our strategy, and we look forward to sharing this with you at our Investor Day in February.
Operator, we'll now open up the call for questions.

Lucy, thanks for the question. Yes, so we're very positive about our both our lines of businesses that you mentioned, ATEN and BIAF, as we go into fiscal year 2019. ATEN, we've got a very strong sales pipeline that we're confident will drive profitable growth in both fiscal year '19 as well as into fiscal year '20, that we believe we're in all the right areas with regard to that business, long-duration recurring revenue contracts. Over 90% of that business are these long-term contracts. And also our pipeline is significantly stronger as we enter 2019 compared to 2018. And so whether it's intelligence community, defense, cyber, SOCOM, missile defense, we've got a rich pipeline as well as military infrastructure and, as I mentioned, some of the commercial activities around 5G, et cetera. On BIAF, similarly, we're very excited about the pipeline of our business. The -- what's come out of the midterm elections is extremely positive for this business, and we see a very robust pipeline of opportunities in the Americas around transportation, both rail and highways. Aviation continues to be extremely strong in the U.S. Water, as a result of all the drivers of aged infrastructure, climate change, resilience, is extremely strong in the U.S. And on the advanced facilities side in the U.S., both life sciences and electronics, we have a pretty rich pipeline of activity going forward. Outside of the U.S., Middle East is extremely strong almost across the board, similar to the U.S. story. We've got a tremendous opportunity in aviation in the Middle East as well as Australia and India. And even in the U.K., with this Brexit uncertainty, the scope and scale of all our U.K. programs continues to move forward, and we're penetrating broader Europe. And so we're pretty positive about the outlook for 2019 in BIAF as well. Kevin, on the free cash flow conversion?

Yes. So we're going to spend some more time in February on our Investor Day outlining our strategy. And I think we're going to want to wait there to kind of discuss more about how M&A fits because, as you know, it's important for M&A to be consistent with strategy. And as we finalize our next phase of that strategy, we want that to be cohesive. But you just mentioned the federal budget. I talked about the positive nature of that on our infrastructure. And we're also net positive on our Aerospace, Technology, Environmental and Nuclear business. There's a lot of talk about what's going to happen with defense spending. But we believe, based on our discussions on The Street as well, that the major focus is going to continue to be on both parties around cybersecurity, around mission, the intelligence community, around the SOCOM, which we're a big player, missile defense, also base military infrastructure, where that's a big market for us. So we believe that the federal budget will be there for us to continue to grow our backlog but also, as I mentioned during my remarks, our strategy in ATEN and our unique approach to going to the market, we continue to be positioned to gain share in this environment going forward as well. So to kind of finish it off, we'll come back around capital deployment and more specifics around the topic I just mentioned across both our BIAF and ATEN businesses.

So why don't I just give a little more color on BIAF, and then Kevin maybe wrap up with the trend that the question was about. So on BIAF, the -- I think, sequentially, if you're looking at -- if you're talking about operating profit margin, there were a couple of dynamics in the fourth quarter that had some onetime -- it was some cleanup of some past project work that created a little noise versus last year and sequentially. And then when you look at also the strong performance in the business, there was some compensation accrual that got put in there. And when you normalize that sequentially, our -- we had sequential profit growth and strong margin performance. As we go into fiscal year '19, as I mentioned, the opportunities are significant. And in fact, a lot of wins that we discussed today came in October. And so those wins are not yet on the backlog when we talk about the Highways England or talk about the confidential life science or the city of Waterbury and California water fix. We highlighted those as recent wins but are not on the backlog and several of those are very significant. And the pipeline is rich. When we look at what we're doing around BIAF globally, and I mentioned the strong U.S., I just want to reiterate when we look at our electronics business, significant opportunity there,  driven by unprecedented growth in data storage and cloud computing, autonomous vehicles, et cetera. And that's carrying through not only in the U.S. but in Europe and Asia Pacific, specifically in places like Korea, Japan, Taiwan and China for us. And then when we look at the water business, it -- the significant opportunities in the U.S. and the funding is there. One of the positive things that came out is not just the hype around infrastructure, but specifically around the midterm elections that $40 billion of ballot measures were approved, 272 specific ones that really give us optimism around funding around transportation and water across the United States. So we are -- we're very bullish on the first half as far as building backlog. The question is just timing between our fiscal year first quarter and second quarter. But the wins and pipeline are there. Kevin?

So just a little more color beyond what I said earlier is that specifically, the pipeline, and as we dissect and analyze the pipeline, the bottom line is that it's up 20% year-over-year, which is a pretty significant number. And even more specifically, we're -- we now have, in the pipeline, 17 opportunities valued at $100 million or more compared to 11 last year, so a 50% increase in larger programs. And we have a pretty strong win rate in this business, so that gives us confidence around the ramp-up of our backlog. So a lot of that's just based on timing and also the whole rebid discussion. But we expect to be putting some of that back into our backlog as we progress through the year. So I would say, as I sit here today, we just see a sequential growth going through the year. Nothing that I can point to a spike in 1 quarter versus the other just because we can't predict when these things will close.

Well, it's tough to sort of pinpoint a specific answer to that, Michael, but when we look at our advanced facilities business, which is heavily on the commercial sector, we've got strong opportunities, as I mentioned earlier, in the U.S. and as well as in Europe -- U.K., Europe and some specific opportunities in Asia Pacific. But the electronics business is strong across the board. And so that gives us some pretty strong bullish outlooks as it relates to the commercial sector. And then I go back to the remarks I made earlier around, whether it's federal, state or local funding as well as P3 funding, we're just -- we just feel like we've got a strong pipeline across the board on transportation, water, environmental, services, et cetera. So it's -- I don't think we sort of specifically differentiate growth rates just across the board. We see a strong outlook in BIAF in all those markets.

Yes, just -- again, I want to just reiterate that we see a lot of support in even the changing government profile in the U.S. on the core programs that we're focused on going forward: intelligence, missile defense, special ops, cyber, base military infrastructure. And I think we've demonstrated that we've been expanding and gaining market share over the last couple of years with our model, which includes competitive cost efficiency compared to other government service contractors. And so we are continuing to believe that we're not only going to see the funding for the programs we're in, including NASA, but also that we're going to be able to continue to gain share as we go forward across the ATEN spectrum.

Well, clearly, we set up the line of business structure originally in 2016 with the 3 lines of business. As we go forward with the 2 lines of business, with a global focus set up as 2 lines of businesses because we believe that the size and scale of these global structures will position us to win in the marketplace going forward. And we still believe in that, and that's the priority. But as we progressed, and we look at just data solutions and the whole technology and innovation spectrum, we do see a connectivity that's very important and is the reason why we created a new Head of Technology and Innovation. That individual, Darren Kraabel, comes from the ATEN organization, was one of the senior leaders there. And his mission with our senior leadership across the company, including Terry Hagen and Bob Pragada, who run the 2 lines of businesses, is to drive revenue synergies. And you mentioned one of them that we think is a great opportunity is cybersecurity with the acquisitions and organic capabilities we've built in ATEN is to drive that across both ATEN and BIAF, the whole IT enterprise, management success that we've had in both ATEN and BIAF, which has been doing the same thing. We see the ability to further strengthen that. And so whether it's organic strategies or potentially even inorganic opportunities, we see the -- we see really a parallel focus of continuing to drive these 2 line of businesses forward with their individual strategies, but revenue synergies associated with connecting the 2, as you outlined.

Yes. From an ATEN perspective, I think the message today around rebids is they almost across the board moved to the right, which, I think, is a testament to our relationship and performance across the board. And as a result, we don't see -- we actually see stability around that as we go into 2019. And we believe that some of the rebid opportunities may start to progress in the second half, which would then come into play for 2020. But right now I would say that is moving to the right, and we feel pretty stable profile over the next 12 months, which means we'll put some of that back on the backlog as we get confirmation on those across the next couple of quarters. Now on which -- then I think the exciting part is this rich pipeline of opportunity, I mentioned 20% up year-over-year is really all new business opportunity. And it's all part of that expansion that we've been talking about today, both market share as well as just growing in our core sectors. So I can't give any more specifics around quarter-by-quarter timing just because the nature of the business is that it could happen tomorrow or it may take 3 or 4 more months, but we feel very confident on continuing to ramp our backlog in ATEN steadily over the next 24 months. And then on the BIAF front, we've -- I've been very excited about what that team has been pursuing across the board, as I continue to mention. And some of those wins we've already announced but are not in our backlog. And so that creates a near-term dynamic of backlog growth in BIAF. And there's just numerous opportunities across the built environment. Energy distribution is becoming a nice opportunity for us. And outside of the U.S., specifically, there's opportunities in Germany to distribute renewable power in the post-nuclear era there that we're involved in. We're in Middle East as well around energy distribution with some significant opportunities. So that just becomes another add-on to the buildings opportunities, the life sciences, water across the globe as well as our major transportation play in highways, rail and aviation. Aviation continues to be very strong for us. So I can't say anything other than I just expect to see throughout the next several quarters a nice ramp-up in backlog in BIAF as well, and we'll see how the timing ends up.

Yes, so thank you, Anna. Let me start here first, then turn it over to Kevin. As we -- I think the 2 words that are going to dominate our M&A decisions going forward are strategic and discipline. And I think we've proven that. We don't feel under any pressure to go out and buy things. We clearly want to get through our strategy work that we have another few months to go and we'll outline it in February. And as we did with the CH2M acquisition, which, if you recall, ticked off like 6 out of our 8 key strategic conclusions back in 2016, that's the kind of strategic focus we're going to have going forward, whether it's small bolt-on acquisitions or whether there would be a larger acquisition that would fit, we'll see. But it's going to be clearly focused on strategic fit and then discipline around our financial hurdles, which are all about shareholder value creation, all about accretive EPS growth and improving our return on invested capital and driving margin improvement. And there is no one specific financial metric that we can tie to because -- but we believe that anything we do organically or inorganically needs to continue to drive to the collection of financial discipline that we've been demonstrating over the last couple of years. But Kevin, beyond that?

Thank you. So as I said when we announced our portfolio of transformation, we're building a stronger Jacobs that presents a compelling proposition for our employees, clients, investors and superior value for our shareholders. We believe this transformation creates inspiring opportunities for employees, while driving a high-performance culture that reflects accountability and inclusion, bringing together diverse people, capabilities and perspectives. And amidst the conversion and acceleration of significant global challenges, we're capturing attractive long-term growth opportunities and are uniquely positioned to compete and win. So thank you very much, and we look forward to seeing all of you at our Investor Day in February.