Thank you, Jon. And thanks to all of you for joining us today to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2021 business performance and key initiatives. As the pandemic lessens its impact here in the United States, it's vital to recognize the significant struggles that are still occurring throughout the world, especially in India. Jacobs made an immediate donation to the United Way in New Delhi for critical medical supplies. And I'm particularly proud of our company and employees who together have donated $200,000 through our internal giving platform collectively. We have and will continue to support those that are still being impacted by the pandemic, including, for example, our operations in the Philippines.  
Turning to Slide 4. Before discussing our second quarter results, it's important to continue to reiterate how we think about our business by aligning and executing against our long-term strategy to drive superior value for our stakeholders. We take a multiyear approach to our rigorous strategy formation. This long-term mindset involves proactively assessing and aligning our portfolio toward large secular growth opportunities where we can deliver sustained double-digit profit growth. The transformation that Jacobs has undergone over the last several years has created significant value measured by relative total shareholder return.  
As you have seen from our recent organic actions, the PA Consulting investment and the acquisition of the Buffalo Group, we believe there's a significant opportunity to deliver differentiated, digitally enabled solutions as the world accelerates its efforts to modernize infrastructure, improve global supply chain and enhance national security.  
We have started the development of our new corporate strategy for fiscal year 2022 to '24, which we will present to the investor community later this year. As to our financial results, I'm pleased with our strong second quarter performance with net revenue increasing 7% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA growth of 27%. Backlog ended the second quarter up 10% year-over-year and up 7% on a pro forma basis. Our strategic investment in PA Consulting closed on March 2 and demonstrated higher-than-expected results in the March quarter, with 19% revenue growth in sterling, up 28%, including the benefit of FX. We are also excited by the revenue synergies our joint Jacobs PA teams are creating, resulting in a robust pipeline in line with our deal model expectations.  
Given the stronger performance across Jacobs and the early closing of the PA investment, we are increasing our full fiscal year 2021 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS outlook. Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we see the potential for one of the most attractive periods for growth in our company's history, activated through alignment of our portfolio to numerous secular growth opportunities in the expected infrastructure stimulus across the globe.  
Turning to Slide 5. Sustainability at Jacobs is reflected in our company's purpose of delivering solutions for a more connected sustainable world as well as through our values. We do things right, we challenge the accepted, we aim higher, and we live inclusion. This is critical for our people, to work for a company that believes sustainability is fundamental to what we stand for as an organization. I'm proud of our efforts over the last few years as we are now being recognized by various external governance groups.  
For example, ISS recently updated their ESG assessment of Jacobs, where we are now approaching top decile in both environmental and social categories. These results are a credit to our people and their focus on our purpose and values.  
And of course, on an external basis, ESG is a significant growth opportunity for Jacobs. Building on the success of our sustainability strategy launched in 2019, PlanBeyond 2.0 reinforces our commitment to driving to a net 0 economy through furthering our sustainable business offerings. We are in the early stages of a significant business growth opportunity to partner with our global customers and communities to provide solutions with their net 0 carbon commitments.  
Now with our investment in PA Consulting, Jacobs is uniquely positioned across the entire end-to-end ESG opportunity. For example, we're implementing the first bio geochemical reactor pilot plant project for PFAS remediation in the U.S. Supporting Germany's transition to significant net 0 power generation and distribution by 2030. We're teaming up water utilities in Australia to support decarbonization, working with industrial clients globally on their energy and resource management programs for advanced manufacturing facilities and many other projects, including those shared in the appendix to this presentation.  
Altogether, sustainable solutions is a high-growth business opportunity for Jacobs, today comprising nearly $5 billion of our revenue, which, by the way, makes Jacobs one of the largest ESG solutions providers.  
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong first half performance and the benefit from the PA Consulting investment, we're raising our full year guidance ranges. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.2 billion to $1.27 billion versus our previous outlook of $1.075 billion to $1.155 billion. We expect adjusted EPS to now be in a range of $6 to $6.30 versus our previous outlook of $5.30 to $6. 
Looking beyond fiscal 2021, with optimism building around a major U.S. stimulus package and significant opportunities related to climate change and digital modernization, we are positioned for strong revenue and double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

So let me just start with a couple of high-level comments, Joe, is that the timing is something that we expect to -- we're not going to see the final decision and what this is all about until probably later this summer, could go into early fall. And then -- and so we'll start to see momentum pick up sometime in 2022. But the real -- I think the strategic driver for us is that whether you look at the Biden proposal or even the Republican proposal, which was somewhat watered down, and we expect it to be somewhere between the 2 is that it's significant growth. There's going to be a lot of opportunity for a lot of the companies out there. And I think for us being a margin-focused company and seeing the evolution of what we've been doing over the last few years, is the 2 things for us is that as there's a need for resources, we have the best global integrated capability to bring the resources to the right place and to really focus on the highest margin opportunities as that unfolds in both businesses, P&PS at CMS. Bob?

Just to build on the other part of your question, Jerry, is PA Consulting did a really great job on positioning themselves to win in sort of COVID solutions. And Bob talked about that and that's still got some runway on it. But what they're also now seeing is several of their other markets picking up. And so that bodes well. So as some of the COVID work starts to phase out this other work's phasing in.

Well, just, again, maybe to start with the broader space for us is it's pretty wide-ranging for us. Now as we have always been a major player with deep space exploration and NASA being a major client for ours, and we're solidly positioned there around Artemis and the research and development work they're doing around hypersonics and space architecture, et cetera. And now with the KeyW acquisition ramping up very nicely, the whole low earth orbit, ISR, Rapid Solutions. And then you go beyond there with missile defense and some of the other aspects of space, we -- it's become a very major market for us. Specifically, Bob, around the commercial sector.

Sure. Look, we couldn't be better positioned from a standpoint of the M&A activity that's behind us. Obviously, CH2M combined with Jacobs positions us to be the major player here. And by the way, that -- we can't keep forgetting to remind everyone, one of the biggest acquisitions in our industry, going very well. When you look at what we paid for that compared to what it's generating today, extremely attractive financially. But obviously, Jamie, helps us position to be a big winner. But then you add on top of that, the PA Consulting acquisition, which now provides end-to-end capability from front-end consulting all the way through delivery and ultimately things like O&M, et cetera. So from a climate change stand -- so as far as other M&A, we're going to continue to look at things that can move us up the food chain from a margin standpoint, possibly some geographic expansion. But as far as the U.S. infrastructure stimulus opportunity, I think we're extremely well positioned with the organic capability we have today. 
And on the climate change side, when you look at the $5 billion, it's really wide ranging of what we're in. But as you look at the growth going forward, it's going to be everything from how do we help our clients adapt and mitigate. So whether it's sea level rise or flooding or bush fires and droughts, the whole energy transition equation moving away from fossil fuels into clean energy, and that's both working with our government and private clients. Everyone is looking to reduce their carbon footprint. That's where we come in around the whole decarbonization and eliminating or reducing greenhouse gases and then things like natural resource stewardship, which is critical across the globe. It's a global opportunity. We're positioned well as an end-to-end solutions provider and bringing some unique tools and innovation because it's going to require digital transformation to achieve these type of climate change transformative expectations by our clients.

When you talk about margin initiatives, it's been both organic and inorganic. One of the things we're extremely proud of around our Critical Mission Solutions line of business is all the acquisitions like recent acquisitions, KeyW, Wood Nuclear, Buffalo Group, they're all performing very well, strong first half versus last first half pro forma and they're all margin accretive to our CMS line of business. And so from that standpoint, I think that's a key addition to our margin enhancement. But then it really goes back to what we were talking about earlier to our whole global integrated delivery profile that not only bring the best resources but be more efficient in certain aspects of the whole delivery model and much more around the whole business acumen, commercial acumen side now versus several years ago and really identifying where the margin opportunities are not just going after any business for the sake of growth. Bob, what else on that front?

Chad, I think we missed the first part of your question. It sounds like it's around cyber, but can you just kind of reask it and to summarize it?

Yes, Chad, great question. We're actually in the middle of it right now, and I can't speak too much into the details. But the events I think that you were highlighting over the weekend, we are engaged on that, too. Kind of the portal there on leveraging it in the private sector has been our strong heritage also in the private sector with the other portfolio offerings that we have. Specifically, if it's in the hydrocarbon space, we do quite a bit of environmental remediation and regulatory work in that space, using that as the portal in order to bring in our cyber expertise, whether it be OT or IT, has been a strong initiative, and we're seeing some traction there, not just in an emergency situation, but also as a part of cyber hardening of these companies. And then in other private sectors that we have, whether it be advanced facility, specialized manufacturing, all those things that we do for the government, the road map points to our ability to leverage our long-standing private sector relationships and do the same. So you'll see more of that coming in the coming months and coming quarters.

We've talked about it for several quarters. We're exiting 2 low-margin large contracts, the Hanford contract and the classified contract that we've spoken about before. When you exclude those 2, our critical -- and you exclude the acquisitions, our base business is growing. I think it's somewhere in the 8% range. And then you add on top of that, obviously, the benefit of the acquisitions that are continuing to ramp up with that on a year-over-year basis weren't in our -- some of them weren't in our numbers. So I think the -- we're feeling good about everything that we've talked about with regard to the -- where we're aligned with the growth trends, even though there's a flat defense budget. The things like Space Intelligence and hypersonics and several of the other items that we mentioned are actually growing nicely. And so there's a lot of shift in funding. Even the DoD climate change initiatives to modernize their infrastructure in the Department of Defense, that's helping us. And so overall, we're very pleased with the revenue growth and Critical Mission Solutions.

Thank you. So as I close the call, our thoughts are with the people -- our people in India, including our Jacobs colleagues, and we'll continue to support them in dealing with the current significant challenges of the pandemic. Looking to the future, we're excited about our strong performance and our solid foundation that provides Jacobs as we develop our new strategy and chart an existing future together -- an exciting future together. Thank you.