Thank you, John. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss our second quarter fiscal year 2022 business performance and an update on our newly launched strategy. 
In March, we shared the details of our new strategy, Boldly Moving Forward, which unleashes a culture of inclusion, innovation and inspiration across Jacobs, enabling us to execute against one of the most exciting periods in our company's history. Our excitement surrounding the new strategy is driven by multiple robust growth opportunities across all lines of business with additional opportunities to accelerate our performance in the areas of climate response, consulting and advisory and data solutions.
For those that are new to Jacobs, we are a professional services company that combines deep technical knowledge across a variety of scientific, engineering and technology disciplines with cutting-edge proprietary solutions. We serve a diverse set of sectors and global clients that are navigating the need to modernize their infrastructure and supply chains, protect national security while embarking upon multi-year digital transformations across all facets of their operational environments. This dynamic creates a compelling opportunity for decades of growth for Jacobs. By staying true to our values and purpose, we are a company like no other, reinventing the way we solve problems and shaping the next generation of innovative solutions for our clients.
During the quarter, net revenue grew 10% year-over-year with growth across each line of business. Bookings were strong across the company, resulting in our revenue backlog up 9% year-over-year with an improving gross profit profile. We were awarded a record level of higher-margin professional services and People & Places Solutions, including several strategic wins, developing grants that will enable our clients to access funds from the U.S. Infrastructure and Jobs Act as well as an increasing number of larger opportunities entering our sales pipeline.
Critical Mission Solutions benefited from the large space intelligence win we disclosed last quarter. And PA Consulting had another outstanding quarter with 15% reported year-over-year revenue growth and 19% growth in constant currency while delivering adjusted operating profit margin of 23%. Our advanced facilities business continues to achieve record year-over-year growth rates, driven by wins in the semiconductor, life sciences and electric vehicle sectors.
Given our increased visibility and confidence for the remainder of the year, we are tightening our fiscal 2022 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS outlook with no change to the midpoint. Looking beyond 2022, we continue to expect strong organic growth with healthy cash flow conversion that affords us the ability to deploy capital for enhanced value creation.
Turning to Slide 5. As we outlined during our new strategy launch, we are a purpose-led company with deep domain knowledge and a track record of delivering solutions to combat the global climate crisis. With this sense of urgency top of mind, we have made significant achievements both internally and externally with approximately $6 billion in revenue driven from ESG and climate-related solutions. We are playing a pivotal role in mitigating one of our generation's greatest threats. Working with our clients, we are co-creating solutions in energy transition, decarbonization, adaptation, resilience, national resource stewardship and ESG business transformation.
Similarly, we have delivered on our corporate commitments through our significant emissions reductions and carbon neutrality status. And in April, we took another major step and launched our updated Climate Action Plan to align our net-zero commitments with a new recognized international standard. Our ambitious commitments include ensuring every client project we undertake becomes a client response opportunity, achieving net-zero emissions across our value chain by 2040 and maintaining carbon neutrality with 100% low-carbon electricity for our operations. I'm also proud to share that we are one of the world's first companies and the first consultancy organization to have validated net-zero targets approved by our Science Based Targets initiative.
With that, I'll turn it over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Thank you, Kevin. Our diverse portfolio has proven resilient, providing us the ability to grow under multiple economic scenarios with an asset-light business model and the ability to manage pricing during an inflationary environment. Given our increased visibility and confidence for fiscal 2022, we are tightening our outlook and maintaining the midpoint guidance.
We expect adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $1.385 billion to $1.435 billion from the $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion previous guidance. And our adjusted EPS outlook is now in the range of $6.95 to $7.35 from $6.85 to $7.45 previously. Looking past fiscal 2022, our backlog performance and increasing sales pipeline provides us with continued conviction in achieving the multiyear financial growth targets we provided during our March strategy launch.
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Jerry, can you hear us on your end?

Switch over to one of the lines in case you can hear us. 
[Technical Difficulty]

Yes, we can hear you.

I'll pick it up here, it's Steve. So the -- look, as far as moving to the other -- Kevin talked about PA. But as far as P&PS goes, as Bob said, we're going to see continued strength in advanced facilities moving through the rest of this year and into the next few years. And then on the backs of that, we're going to start to see the Americas business ramp up. We're already seeing the pipeline significantly increase. We'll start to see sequential growth in the second half of this year in P&PS U.S. And we expect that to really start to ramp up more significantly as we enter 2023.
As far as the infrastructure stimulus, that incremental $550 billion of money that is going to flow into the U.S., about close to $100 billion now has been specifically earmarked for defined programs and projects. And we're tracking that and obviously on the front end of that grant process. Early on, a lot of that's going to be formulaic. And so that should start to flow nicely as we enter 2023. And then our federal infrastructure business and environmental, because of a lot of the dynamics going on globally, should really be also something that's going to help drive growth.
On the Critical Mission Solutions, what's really playing out nicely is the diversity of our portfolio. Right now, we're seeing a lot of strength in telecom, obviously the space intelligence on the back of that classified win. Cyber and intelligence is going to start to ramp up now as the continuing resolution gets finalized. And the ramp-up of our nuclear business is robust. And we have an excellent pipeline of opportunities that should start to hit as we finish up this year and roll into 2023.
So all in all, we're pretty excited about the prospects of the second half and especially as we move into '23 and beyond. And as far as that gross profit book-to-bill, the bookings in the last quarter specifically was more significant in margin because of a higher professional services ratio. And so what we are seeing is an increase in book-to-bill on our gross profit, as you outlined, and we're pretty excited about that going forward.

And just one other point about P&PS that as we look at sequentially moving into the third, fourth quarter is that the margin profile is going to improve with the G&A that we pre-invested, that Kevin talked about, that held down our margins in the second quarter. We're going to start to see a significant change in the utilization of that G&A that's going to give us a much better profile in the second half on our margin.

Bob, did you hear that?

Yes, I think the -- obviously, raising the bottom was an indication of more confidence. The top side, I'd say, is what's on our mind is the FX uncertainty that's out there specifically. And just the question of -- with all this political activity, geopolitical activity, just how projects and programs are going to get across the finish line and get awarded, we're confident that there's no concern about anything getting canceled. It's really more around just the timing of how things unfold in the second half. And so that's where we sort of decided to keep our midpoint, where it is, in spite of the strong second quarter.

So let me start with resilience. And I'll turn it over to Kevin for the capital deployment question. But look, we've spent a lot of time on this, Jamie, as you know. And we believe we've really positioned our portfolio going forward to be even more resilient than Jacobs in the past, which had a good resilient track record.
Clearly, leading that is going to be the infrastructure side with the fact that as we get into potential uncertainty and economic sluggishness that governments around the world, especially in the U.S., are going to look to stimulate the economy and create jobs with infrastructure. And then on top of that, we've got the IIJA, that law. And so we're pretty positive about the momentum on that in the backlog, the pipeline that's building and that's going to play out.
And then of course, we have what's going on with the whole geopolitical side, the increased needs around defense spending and cyber protection and critical infrastructure around the world. And so that's going to bode well for resiliency on our Critical Mission Solutions. And then even in the advanced facilities business, which could be historically impacted by economic slowdown with the dynamics of a chip shortage, which is going to continue even in some economic downturn and the need with pent-up demand on life sciences because of all the focus on the pandemic and the energy transition that has to happen, we feel pretty good about where Jacobs stands in an uncertain environment going forward. Kevin, on the capital deployment?

Thanks, everyone, for your attention and focus, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.