All right. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our response to the COVID-19 pandemic as well as our fiscal year second quarter results.
Before I get started, I wanted to share our recent announcement on our launch of Jacobs' Climate Action Plan. Even in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, we remain focused on delivering on our strategy and advancing our purpose of creating a more connected, sustainable world. We often say we're a people business at Jacobs, which is why we must take actions that help sustain the world within which we all live. Jacobs' First Climate Action Plan sets us apart, capturing the shared passion, pride and drive of our people, as we work to preserve the planet for future generations. The launch of this plan is another major milestone in our cultural and company transformation. Our collective focus on developing and delivering on our strategy, including a deliberate portfolio transformation, brings us to this important juncture. Together, we're committing to 100% renewable energy and net zero carbon by the end of 2020, with a long-term commitment to be carbon negative by 2030.
Moving forward, we want to leverage our depth of expertise and leading position in the industry to work with our clients and our supply chain to drive climate resiliency into our solutions, investing together in projects that drive profitable reduction in carbon emissions. This is an exciting milestone in the company's history and a course that we can take pride in delivering on together as we reinvent our tomorrow.
Now turning to Slide 5. Our new brand, Challenging today, Reinventing tomorrow, has served as a strong galvanizing driver as we navigate through the COVID-19 environment. Throughout the past 8 weeks, we have challenged the way in which we work in the markets we face. And in the process, we're reinventing our tomorrow real-time through growth opportunities for our people and innovative offerings for our clients. From the outset of the pandemic, our focus has been the safety and well-being of our people, maintaining business continuity and delivering on our commitments to our clients.
We mobilized a global cross-functional COVID-19 critical response team led by our Chief Operating Officer, Bob Pragada, to address both internal and external COVID-19-related challenges, with regional response teams charged with rapid action on the ground. As soon as we learned that the global travel was shown to be at the root of the continued spread of the virus and physical distancing was critical to flattening the curve, we took early, immediate and decisive action to restrict travel and to maximize remote working. Except for mission-critical employees, all of our people have been successfully working remotely over the last 2 months.
Proactive engaging and transparent employee communications has been critical. From the outset, I immediately started a regular cadence of communication with our employees globally. This included a daily executive leadership team meeting, a weekly global e-mail message from me at the beginning of each week to all employees and a live midweek virtual town hall so that my executive leadership team and I can connect real-time with our teams around the globe. We also expanded our Internet and equipped our leaders with tools to send short personal video messages to the people. Overcommunication was and remains an imperative.
As we shifted from home to office -- excuse me, as we shifted from office to home, we took our strong BeyondZero safety culture with us to create and maintain a safe working environment for our teams. As part of that, positive mental health is paramount. And we increased our offerings of mental health tools and techniques, and mobilized our more than 1,800 Jacobs' positive mental health champions around the world.
A certain portion of our business is essential and mission-critical to governments and private sector clients, where our staff continue to work on-site. In these cases, we worked closely with our clients and established project-specific plans to ensure the safety of our people and the integrity of the operation. I've been so impressed with the success we've had in accelerating our digital transformation, investing and optimizing our networks and leveraging technology to facilitate collaboration and more flexible working scenarios for our people, while at the same time, delivering on our commitments to our clients.
Coming out of this pandemic, we will have validated different work approaches with less reliance on extensive travel and physical real estate and with the potential for significantly reduced cost in carbon footprint. We are currently in the process of planning a safe return to our workplaces, how, when and, in some cases, if, while at the same time, advancing our strategy of our future of work. We will share more about this in our next earnings call.
Early on, during this pandemic, we leveraged our capabilities to become part of the COVID-19 solution. As our customers transition to remote working, we help plan and execute those shifts, including support and assessment of cybersecurity implications. Materials and 3D printing equipment were redeployed to help the frontline care workers with PPE. Existing federal and local government framework contracts around the globe were leveraged for action planning and implementation of health care facilities, including contracts with the Army Corps of Engineers, FEMA and the governments of U.K., Australia and New Zealand. Our Life Sciences teams were tapped for designing facilities that will ultimately produce COVID-19 vaccines or other therapies.
And on the innovation side of the issue, we have 2 teams addressing different critical challenges. To better understand the spread of the coronavirus, our teams are launching a pilot program to monitor wastewater streams using digital tools to help provide actionable COVID-19 insights and data to our clients. Our technologists are busy considering what it means for building owners when shelter-in-place orders are lifted. And buildings that sat vacant for weeks or months may cause problems of their own, such as Legionella, lead contamination and poor air quality. Our teams have developed guidance for schools, offices and other public and private spaces to help them safely reopen and prepare for reentry.
We believe that the positive impact on our culture over the past 4 years and our transparent and measured behaviors during this crisis has solidified loyalty with our employees, resulting in increased structural talent retention which will unlock more investment dollars for innovation and growth.
As we turn to Slide 6 to further discuss our business resiliency, as it relates to our people, we have purposely maintained our workforce capacity to position us strongly for a recovery after physical distancing subsides. By strategically aligning our portfolio to a diverse set of high-value sectors, such as national security, water infrastructure, environmental resiliency, health care and Life Sciences, intelligent asset management, space exploration and the convergence of information and operational technology, we have significantly increased the durability and growth opportunities of our business under multiple economic scenarios and the expected new norm in the aftermath of COVID-19.
In parallel, with our portfolio of transformation, we invested in digital technology to further expand our global integrated delivery model. This provides the ability to rapidly flex our deep technical expertise to accommodate any scenario around changes to global versus localized demand. Equally as important, we have created a powerful, inclusive culture, which we believe unleashes the ability to execute more effectively versus our competitors when adjusting to changing market dynamics. From a financial standpoint, this strategy has demonstrated strong results over the last few years, and that track record of performance continued in our fiscal second quarter with pro forma backlog up 5% and pro forma net revenue up 7.5% year-over-year.
Second quarter adjusted EBITDA also grew year-over-year, and after a correction in the third quarter, we expect it to improve in our fiscal fourth quarter. Equally as important and in line with our previous outlook, we delivered positive free cash flow in the quarter and expect strong free cash flow for the remainder of the year.
The physical distancing constraints from COVID-19 have resulted in some near-term headwinds impacting the current third quarter, as we and our customers adjust to a new working environment. However, we view these headwinds as temporary. As a result, we would expect the business to ramp up to run rate levels over the next 6 months as the structural drivers of our business are strong and our sales pipeline remains robust. We have proactively positioned our capacity to capitalize on this new normal environment by retaining talent and maintaining key investments. We believe these actions position Jacobs for adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow growth in fiscal 2021. Finally, we have strong financial flexibility with ample liquidity that can be prudently deployed toward high-return opportunities.
Now I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

All right. Thanks, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook to account for the expected impact from COVID-19 on our business over the remainder of our fiscal 2020 year. We're updating our fiscal 2020 adjusted EBITDA outlook to a range of $950 million to $1.05 billion from our previous range of $1.05 billion to $1.15 billion.
We are also updating our fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $4.80 to $5.30 per share from the previous $5.30 to $5.80 per share range. At the midpoint of our revised EPS range, 2020 fiscal year adjusted EPS represents year-over-year growth when excluding the impact from fiscal 2020 and 2019 discrete tax items.
Our revised guidance is based on an analysis of several scenarios that estimated the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our results, specifically physical distancing initiatives which create temporary limitations on our clients and Jacobs' ability to perform work, primarily in the current fiscal third quarter period, is the single biggest impact on these projections.
Gross impact to EPS is estimated at approximately $1.50 at the midpoint of our estimates. Included in that estimate is approximately $100 million investment to retain talent, equivalent to approximately $0.50 per share. Importantly, we have strategically decided that we will maintain this talented workforce given our belief that we expect a rebound later this year, thereby ensuring access to this talent as we return to growth. We have taken significant actions to reduce this gross impact by reducing our cost structure, effectively reducing costs in the back half of the year by $1 of EPS. These efforts include elimination of discretionary corporate LOB and other employee-related costs.
As a result, our net expected impact at the midpoint of our range is $0.50 per share based on our decision to maintain our existing workforce and to ensure that we have access to our talent to drive the expected return to growth. We believe it's a strategic imperative to retain our talented people across the company.
We expect the majority of the earnings revision to occur in our third quarter. As we move into the fourth quarter, we anticipate the impact of the pandemic on Jacobs to subside and our business to return to run rate levels over the course of the fourth quarter. Importantly, we expect fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA to improve with potential for year-over-year growth.
As previously stated, we expect strong fiscal second half reported free cash flow of at least $400 million. And we believe that 2021 is shaping up for a strong rebound in growth. We'll provide an update as we approach the end of this fiscal year as we further evaluate how the COVID-19 pandemic unfolds.
With that, I'd like to open up the call for questions. Operator, we'll now open the call.

Yes. Look, I think all the work that we did over the last several years strategically is fortuitous now as we go through this pandemic. When we did that work, we did a lot of strategic analysis on how this will make us a much more resilient company. And even though we're going through a temporary downturn, it's as a result of something that none of us ever predicted, and that would be that we would be unable to physically go to work or our clients wouldn't be able to physically go to work. All that is going through a correction. What we hear and see from our client based on our pipeline that's surging, projects and programs that are not getting canceled, they're just moving to the right, that this resilient portfolio will continue to play out and gives us optionality as we move into fiscal 2021.
There will be certain sectors amongst our portfolio, a very diverse portfolio, that should be clear winners and others that are going to be under pressure. And we're already in that transition of redeploying our workforces, upskilling quickly our workforce to be able to address and attack that -- those sectors that you've mentioned that should be big winners as we go into 2021. So we're actually pretty positive about '21 and look forward to getting through this current quarter.

Well, probably within the next 2 to 4 quarters.  It's kind of a 6 to 12 month book-and-burn type of cycle. And those 2 -- the 2 big drivers that drove that book-to-bill ratio, Joe, were long-term contracts. I'd give it 2 to 4 quarters.

Yes. Well, again, as I started to address that, Michael, in the first question, I think we're well positioned in what we believe are going to be all the sort of critical missions and critical activities that are going to go on as we emerge from this COVID-19. And the Life Sciences business is a great example of one, we're an industry leader there. That business has been a very global business, and I think is -- we believe now is going through a temporary transition to kind of reconfigure the whole supply chain and how to not only address the near-term opportunity of therapies and vaccines associated with COVID-19, but really to become more resilient in the event that this type of pandemic or something else happens, which has created supply chain issues. And so these are initiatives that we're in the mix on, and we're well positioned to capitalize on that, no matter what the outcome is, because of our global integrated delivery, our capabilities and our industry-leading position.
And so whether it's Life Sciences, health care, cybersecurity and, of course, the critical missions that we do across our CMS business which have been sort of on temporary hold are going to have to get at it and we're positioned. You think of the whole CARES Act, that whole CARES Act that has supported our business is to make our talent mission-ready for the essential critical work that's going to have to get done as soon as everyone gets back to work over the next several months. And so there's a tremendous opportunity unfolding for us, and we feel like we're well positioned.

Yes. Well, I think we said it in our stated remarks that we're attributing 90% of the shortfall to this whole physical distancing limitation. So clearly, a key assumption in everything that we're talking about is that, that's going to start to subside. Governments lift restrictions not only here in the U.S. at different city states, but across the globe. And that all takes place through the course of the remainder of this year. We're not assuming any accelerated basis, but that it gradually happens as we're all starting to see, but it's going to happen throughout the third and fourth quarter. So that's the major assumption. That's clearly not in our control. And so I think that's kind of the simple answer to your question as far as what's the key driver. Because once that happens, I think that's the message we're trying to make sure that you all understand. This is a situation where the demand is sitting there and we just -- we and our clients have to physically get back at it. This is not a situation where projects have been canceled and we're trying to rebuild the pipeline. We have a record-high pipeline. Our backlog has grown. We just got to physically get back to work enough, not the way it used to be but to a certain level, recognizing that we probably, as a company, will continue to have remote working forever. Now that we've learned that in certain areas, it's a more efficient, effective basis. But where we do need the face-to-face physical interactions and engagement with our clients, that's the key assumption around what we're talking about today.

One thing I want to add on top of what Bob talked about, in addition to the  size of the pipeline and everything that Bob talked about as far as the pace is the margin in the pipeline is also improving. And we've got -- we've really upgraded our capability to measure and monitor this over the last 12 to 18 months. And as we look at that pipeline that Bob talked about and compared to a year ago, the margin is a significant improvement. So which bodes well for our strategic goal of not only profitably growing, but increasing the margin of Jacobs.

Well, let me start, and then, Bob, maybe build on it. We -- you started getting into an area that we're all watching closely as how -- what's going to happen now on a state and local level because the government in the U.S. has done a great job to really support the defense and civil, the federal side. And now we're looking -- anxiously looking forward to seeing what they do with the next round of CARES, hopefully, in the next few weeks around state and local. And then there's a lot of positive news coming out that I think everyone expects that they're going to provide relief to that sector. And so that should start to provide some good foundation as we enter 2021.
And then the other piece is that there's a lot of discussion about a -- finally because this went on -- this has been going on for years, even pre-COVID, is the need for a big federal infrastructure stimulus to really get people going -- putting the work -- back to work around addressing the crisis across the nation on highways, bridges, a whole host of areas, the need to continue to accelerate water and wastewater and [Technical Difficulty] -- and the whole broadband and everything else. So we're hoping and monitoring that and lobbying and very active on the hill to hopefully see later this year Congress finally get at that big infrastructure stimulus. Whether that happens later this year or leaks into early next year, that's a real positive for Jacobs. And so I think that's going to play a piece of what kind of momentum. If nothing happens, and there's a big vacuum on supporting the state and local side, yes, that could provide some headwinds over the next 6-plus months. But Bob, what do you think of it?

Well, I think the margin improvement is less about pricing and more about mix and the type of programs and projects that we're strategically going after. So look, I think everything always has a potential to be under pressure under certain situations when you talk about margin. But I think we're confident in the margin profile improvement because it's been a strategic emphasis on driving a different approach on the type of things that we're going after and prioritizing. Rather than as we started this transformation journey several years ago, it was let's just sort of go after everything that we can, and it's much more of a strategic approach now as we've advanced the company culture around strategy. So we would say that it's a pretty solid profile, less around macroeconomics and more about delivering on winning those new types of businesses.

Kevin?

All right. So thanks, everyone. Our transformation over the last 4 years, as we just discussed during the Q&A, has been focused on building a strong culture and a portfolio which would prove resilient under multiple economic scenarios. Clearly, COVID-19 is presenting a challenge that none of us could have predicted. But our transformation is proving to be a foundation that's going to help us see us through this all -- through this successfully. We're keeping our people safe, delivering on our commitments to our clients. We're moving swiftly with good agility, shifting our work model to ensure business continuity, and we're in the process of accelerating our digital transformation plan. And most importantly, we're retaining our most important asset, our talented people. So as we define how we're going to work in the future, we expect to benefit from significant cost savings as well as positive cultural benefits and the flexibility for our people and advancements in how we serve our clients. And that future starts now. Thank you.