Thank you, Kevin. Now on to Slide 5. Before I review the first quarter results, I'd like to discuss sustainability. Last week marked a special moment for our company as we launched our global sustainability initiative, Plan Beyond. Sustainability has always been a part of Jacobs, but I'd like to take a moment to point out some of our achievements. 
Our BeyondZero commitment, where we lead the industry in safety performance, underpinned by a unique culture of caring. We've trained over 1,000 Jacobs employee volunteers to become positive mental health champions. We've increased the gender diversity of our executive leadership team, including the appointment of our first-ever Executive Vice President, Joanne Caruso. And most recently, Jacobs' being selected for the prestigious National 2019 Climate Leadership Award by the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions in the Climate Registry. 
With Plan Beyond, we'll now drive sustainability deeper into our culture and operations. Plan Beyond sets out a triple bottom line priority: social, environmental and economic across 3 areas, the first area being our people with a focus on becoming the employer of choice; second is places, creating sustainable places to live and work. We're committing to reducing air travel, adopting sustainable workplace plans and launching a global giving and volunteering program; and third, strengthening long-term sustainable partnerships with clients and global stakeholders, providing smart solutions that improve efficiency, conserve energy and reduce waste for the global supply chain. 
These priorities create an attractive value proposition for our employees, our clients, communities and our shareholders by ensuring we're operating sustainably and efficiently, managing our risks, driving innovation and enhancing our brand value, all of which contribute to profitable growth. I'm very excited about our Plan Beyond initiative and look forward to sharing results as we move forward.
I'll now move to Slide 6 and discuss our first quarter results. We delivered a strong start to fiscal year 2019, with double-digit top and bottom line growth. The CH2M integration continues to outperform, with cost synergies above original targets and revenue synergies now materializing. And we remain on track to exceed the 3-year financial targets we committed to back at our 2016 Investor Day. 
Specifically in the first quarter, our pro forma revenue grew 12% year-over-year. Our Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear line of business was a major driver with a 23% increase. As a result of this strong top line performance, along with our continued focus on execution, excellence and a disciplined cost structure, our adjusted pro forma operating profit grew 34%. This growth, along with the contribution from ECR, led to an adjusted earnings of $1.14 per share, an increase of 48% year-over-year and above the midpoint of our guidance. We now expect the sale of our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business to close before June 30, which will provide a higher-value, more stable portfolio while providing additional financial flexibility to deploy capital toward driving long-term profitable growth and value for our shareholders.
Consistent with our commitment to agile capital deployment, we have repurchased more than $200 million in shares since December and announced an incremental $1 billion share repurchase authorization. While in the near term, share purchases will remain a priority, we expect over time to also deploy capital towards strategic acquisitions that drive profitable growth.
Slide 7 is a pro forma outline of what Jacobs will look like once the sale of ECR is completed. Our company will become a higher-margin, higher-growth company. As an indication of the strength of our go-forward portfolio, our first quarter revenue and backlog related to ATEN and BIAF was $20.3 billion, up 8% year-over-year, and both businesses grew backlog high single digits versus last year, an acceleration from fourth quarter's year-over-year growth. 
Equally important, gross profit and backlog continued to increase year-over-year, driven by the higher-margin mix from our global Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities line of business. Following the divestiture of ECR, the risk profile of our company will improve, with reimbursable and lower-risk fixed-price services making up approximately 94% of revenue. We plan to further discuss the financial and strategic profile of this transformed portfolio during our upcoming Investor Day on February 19.
Now before I begin discussing line of business performance, you'll note on the following slides, we have moved our Global Environmental Services business from ATEN to BIAF. This change allows us to better leverage our leading environmental services capabilities within our global infrastructure solutions platform.
Turning to Slide 8. Now let me discuss the performance of Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear, ATEN. During the quarter, our ATEN business significantly outpaced the growth of the market and most government services peers with 23% year-over-year pro forma growth, with first quarter revenue of over $1 billion. Key drivers for this strong growth were the ramp-up of last year's Missile Defense Agency and Special Operations Command wins, creating a strong base of recurring revenue. 
Relative to the recent government shutdown, only a small percentage of our portfolio was impacted, given the mission-critical nature of our contracts. The shutdown affected only a portion of our NASA business, which represented less than 1% of total ATEN annual revenue projection, and we anticipate recovery of this revenue during the remainder of the fiscal year.
ATEN backlog is up 8% versus last year to $7.2 billion. And actually, when considering the full value of our contracts, including options and extensions, ATEN's backlog would be more than 50% larger than this reported $7.2 billion ATEN backlog.
From an end market perspective, we continue to position ourselves against high priorities within the federal government and agencies such as the Department of Defense, Department of Energy, Intelligence Community and NASA. While the 2020 federal budget has not yet been finalized, our portfolio continues to be characterized by large contracts that are well aligned to mission-critical areas that are less discretionary in nature.
Furthermore, given that the U.S. government services market is highly fragmented, we're optimistic that our ATEN strategy, which combines strong technical expertise, a unique localized delivery model and an industry-leading efficient cost structure, will allow us to continue to gain market share over time. 
We had a very strong first quarter of ATEN wins, beginning with our international portfolio where we were awarded a services contract from a confidential client to provide the design, construction assistance, systems integration and commissioning of a high-altitude engine test facility. This win leverages the depth of capabilities and experience we have in test and evaluation work for clients such as NASA and the Air Force. In the U.K., we were awarded the Ministry of Defense, defense equipment and support contract to manage a vast range of complex projects for the Royal Navy, British Army and Royal Air Force.
Looking at our U.S. government services portfolio, we expanded our NASA aerospace work, including contract extensions at both Kennedy Space Center and Langley and a new contract at Goddard. Our NASA efforts are deeply tactical such as launch vehicle, spacecraft and payload integration, along with servicing and testing of flight hardware. 
At NASA Langley, we've implemented our Intelligent Asset Management program, which brings Internet of Things, predictive analytics and cyber engineering in an integrated solution to the client. It is this value-added approach that also enabled us to win the asset management services contract for NAVFAC.
We had 2 additional notable wins in our U.S. Defense portfolio. First is the shallow land disposal areas for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for nuclear remediation services. Under this contract, we'll handle all aspects from planning through processing of radioactively contaminated soil sediments and debris. We also won the U.S. Army's Information Technology Enterprise Solutions prime contract. This IDIQ contract is expected to be the Army's primary source of IT-related services worldwide.
In summary, the ATEN business had outstanding performance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and we continue to be encouraged by the opportunities going forward, particularly leveraging the diversity of our capabilities. We're focused on growing high-quality operating profit and expanding our margins with emphasis on mission-critical government programs that bring strength and resiliency to our ATEN business.
Now on to Slide 9 to discuss the performance of Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities line of business. BIAF quarterly revenue was up 8%. Key drivers for this growth were higher pass-throughs, solid increase in professional services and revenue synergies from the CH2M acquisition. The recent U.S. government shutdown had minimal impact on our BIAF business, and we continue to be confident in our full year outlook. More importantly, operating profit was up 28% year-over-year on a pro forma basis and in line with our strategy to focus on profitable growth and deliver against the cost synergies associated with the CH2M acquisition.
Backlog also accelerated this quarter, up 7% year-over-year to $13.2 billion due to a greater proportion of our wins in large-scale programs, clearly demonstrating a ramp-up of CH2M revenue synergies. Adjusted operating profit grew 120 basis points year-over-year to 7.8% due to continued success driving a higher-value solutions-based BIAF business.
In our infrastructure end markets, we continue to see strong growth, especially in rail and highways. We had an exciting win with the Dallas Area Rapid Transit Agency to design 42 kilometers of the Cotton Belt commuter rail line. Our pipeline remains strong in all transportation submarkets and includes several large-scale rail prospects across North America, the U.K., Middle East and Australia.
Jacobs was selected by the Delta Conveyance Design and Construction Authority for engineering design management services for California's largest water conveyance project, named California WaterFix. And we recently received the Water Environment Federation 2018 prestigious Water Heroes Award, which recognizes organizations that have performed above and beyond the call of duty during emergency situations. Our Florida-based Jacobs operations management program teams were recognized for their efforts during the most expensive and destructive hurricane season in 2017.
This industry recognition, along with our global leadership on iconic water projects such as Singapore Water and Atlantis Digital transformation and smart water utilities project, separates us as the leader in the global water market. We are well positioned to execute on what looks to be another decade of long secular growth in the water sector.
We continue to drive revenue synergies with our combined Jacobs and CH2M capabilities. For example, we were recently awarded a sizable program management project with a confidential client in Southeastern U.S. for a new corporate campus. This is a direct result of our strong buildings capabilities and program management framework, along with long-standing exceptional client relationships.
In Advanced Facilities, we continue to see a favorable CapEx environment in both our life sciences and electronics sectors. Our Advanced Facilities business is expected to continue its strong growth trajectory, with a robust pipeline of new opportunities.
Regionally, North America demonstrates the strongest growth potential in our BIAF business, which was a key factor underlying our strategy in acquiring CH2M. Despite geopolitical headwinds in the U.K., Europe and the Middle East, these regions are also showing solid growth. We did experience some softness in Australia and New Zealand after a multiyear investment in infrastructure.
So in summary, BIAF posted strong financial performance in the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and we're very excited about the opportunities in our pipeline. 
Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Thank you, Kevin. I'm very pleased with our solid start to 2019, and while there are many moving pieces to our financial results given several accounting changes, we clearly had a strong year-over-year revenue growth, up 12% in the first quarter, an increase in adjusted operating profit of 34% and adjusted EPS performance well above the midpoint of our previous guidance. 
And this was all accomplished while executing on an unprecedented portfolio of transformation, including the successful integration of CH2M and positioning for the sale of our ECR business. And as we look forward, our backlog and pipeline of opportunities are strong. And so we're increasing our total fiscal 2019 adjusted EPS guidance, including a full year of ECR, to a range of $5.10 to $5.50, up $0.10 from our previous guidance of $5 to $5.40. And excluding ECR for the full year, we continue to expect fiscal 2019 adjusted pro forma EBITDA to be in the range of $920 million to $1 billion, which assumes the removal of ECR-related costs. We look forward to sharing our new 3-year strategy with you on our Investor Day on February 19 in Miami.
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Right. Well, first of all, on the ATEN side, our pipeline in that business is as strong and robust as ever, and it's across the portfolio, as I described in my remarks. Clearly, diversification in that business line continues, Department of Defense, FAA, Department of Energy, large-scale enterprise contracts, as I mentioned. But also, we saw a lot of momentum in areas like automotive and telecom. In automotive, where we're a major player in wind tunnels, we're now using that platform with those customers globally to expand our business. And in telecom, specifically, our largest client, we were just rated the #1 provider and -- as it relates to quality, and we're in a major trend on design-build wireless infrastructure on the 4G build-out and moving into 5G. Missile defense, you've seen with the federal government prioritizing missile defense, that's a core area for us. And of course, cybersecurity and data analytics, which are differentiating us, using our previous acquisitions of Blue Canopy, Van Dyke, and that's a key area for us because there's a war on talent, globally, and our ability to automate using these capabilities with some of the technologies and tools we have, we're able to actually accelerate growth in a challenging environment of talent. On the -- and then on the BIAF side, I think the clear driver there that's driving momentum is state, local and city support and funding, with the elections recently and the new governors coming on. And I think it was 80% of the ballots were approved. $40 billion in infrastructure over the next several years were approved as part of that. Major cities, where we're strong on, Florida, California, the governors there are driving significant growth. I mean, just specifically in Florida, the new governor, 4-year, $2.5 billion commitment in areas like sea level rise sustainability, $9 billion in highways, bridges and airports. California up significantly with a $15 billion program. So we're just seeing great momentum in both businesses.

I think the major factor there is that, as I covered, with the strong growth in infrastructure and synergy opportunities, we clearly see in the BIAF sector a tremendous opportunity to take that to an even higher level. But it was already a strong connectivity between ATEN and BIAF going on there with our GES organization, and we just took a step back as part of this new 3-year strategy that we're going to discuss in a couple of weeks and decided that the best way to move forward is to embed that into the BIAF organization. But recognize that both ATEN and BIAF have environmental opportunities going forward. And so we're really excited about that moving forward.

Without giving any specifics, because we'd rather save that for the next couple of weeks, we're clearly -- I hope you got from our remarks that we're pretty bullish on the multiyear secular trends in both businesses. And so we'll lay out that growth, but we're excited about it. And more importantly is the bottom line growth. And just to go back to your first question, even with the shift of Environmental over to BIAF, both businesses, the forecast and the earnings guidance we gave assumes that both business end up, total year, double-digit operating profit growth. And so as you can imagine, looking forward to our strategy, you're going to hear information around not only revenue growth but more importantly, margin expectations. And we've always said, we'll always be a company that's going to be driving margin growth, and obviously, tying that all to the bottom line and then cash flow conversion. So we're looking forward to laying that out in 2 weeks.

Well, I think it -- clearly, when you just profile the ATEN and BIAF business, we continue to do a great job. As in FY, we're talking about exceeding our previous strategy and really earmarking where we believe the highest value businesses are and where we can differentiate ourselves and bring this unique combination of capabilities of CH2M and Jacobs that the rest of the industry is unable to do. And that has led to, most recently, higher margins in our backlog. And so as we've been talking about more than 2 years now every quarter, we've been seeing our backlog pick up on margin, we saw that again this last quarter, and that's clearly going to be part of what you're going to hear in a couple of weeks is how we're going to focus on higher-margin, higher profit growth businesses. And so generally, I would say, the answer your question, Mike, is yes.

Right, that's a great question. And that's why you hear a lot from Jacobs, first and foremost, talking about culture because the talent war, we believe, will be won basically by demonstrating that this is the place to be. And as part of that, we need to be a company that's focused on sustainability, innovation and demonstrating to employees that we're going to invest and develop them. Diversification of our employee base is critical. That's why we talk a lot about our employee networks and what we're doing on inclusion and diversity. And when you put all that together, coupled with, again, the unique portfolio we now have focused on these dynamic ATEN and BIAF businesses, with the combination of CH2M and Jacobs, that's what we're focusing on to reduce attrition and increase our capability of attracting the best talent across the globe. But I want to add on to that, I made a couple of comments on innovation and technology. With our portfolio now, we can actually offer more automation and tools where we can use less human capital in delivering our programs and projects for our clients and bring more innovation and technology. And so you put all that together, we're very focused on the question that you asked and believe that we can differentiate ourselves in the marketplace.

Just want to add on to that. I think that, also, as we build this business and all the initiatives we have to continue to drive cost synergies across Jacobs, with the CH2M-Jacobs combination but also some of the other initiatives like global business services and some of the other initiatives across the company, that the G&A as a percent of revenue improvement in the company across the rest of the year will also drive operating profit growth in the company.

It's uncertain because it's tough to understand how a back-to-back government shutdown will play out. But I think the fact that this 30-day shutdown or so, we've come out of it where, essentially, from a P&L standpoint, neutral. And I'm really impressed with the way we were able to come through that because it demonstrates the portfolio that we talked about, where we really differentiate ourselves in the most critical areas of even government businesses that we came out neutral. Yes, there's some near-term cash crunch, but that gets resolved quickly and we've seen that this week and last week as the government came back up and started paying their bills. And so our goal is -- first of all, we hope it doesn't happen, but if it does, and I think we've demonstrated through this first one that we should be able to get through it pretty clean, and we're going to work on making sure that happens.

Look, I think the success of this integration, which was complex and is still going on, and we want to maintain and actually further increase the success over this next 12 to 24 months. That clearly gives us more confidence as we deploy capital in future acquisitions, small or large. And so I think you've hit a very important point that our organic improvements in the company around transforming our core and also building the culture that I talked about, coupled with our ability to be a company that demonstrates discipline and execution around integration of M&A, including complex M&A, you put those 2 things together, I think we've earned the right when we see value-creating opportunities in the future. And I want to emphasize value-creating and discipline. We're not eager to run out and just spend capital because we got it from ECR. It's going to be very patient and strategic use of the capital for both shareholder return as well as M&A. I think we've demonstrated the credibility to move forward in that area. So great question.

We were watching what happened with the elections late last year and how that would impact space, and we're pleased that the way things ended up, we see good stability on the space side as far as NASA specifically. I think we think that there'll be continued commitment in preserving the budget there. The plus-ups may be a little softer going forward than what we saw over the last year or 2. We're also encouraged by what we're hearing about space force and our ability to participate in that, but we're pretty confident in that area as well. On the -- on some of the other commercial space activities, I think that's slower to develop as we see those. Those entities using a lot of their own resources, but is in fact, continues to grow we think that we're well positioned with regard to what we've been doing over the last many years with NASA and the U.S. government.

Tahira, I think it's a combination of both. As I mentioned earlier, we're very encouraged on the market side. I was quoting you some numbers earlier, but in the U.S., we're seeing environmental spending up 7% to 10% in these various initiatives that have come out of these bond measures, state counties and cities. So I won't repeat it all. But whether it's highway, rail, water, environmental and other areas, buildings, clearly, we're seeing a growing market that's driving some of the numbers. But the synergy opportunities on a lot of these major initiatives, most recently, California WaterFix and some others that I've quoted, are clearly demonstrating the ability to grow market share as well. So in short, it's a combination of both.

All right. Look, hopefully, you feel the same way we do that there's never been a more exciting time at Jacobs. Our performance is strong, realigning our portfolio, higher-growth, higher-margin markets, transforming our culture at an incredible rate. I continue to be energized as I spend time with our people around the globe, pushing the envelope on possibilities, creating solutions that help drive higher performance for our clients, and while doing so, enable us to create a culture that attracts and retains the best talent in the industry. We look forward to welcoming you to our Investor Day in Miami where you're going to see the Jacobs team in action. So thank you, and see you soon.