All right. Thank you, John, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today to discuss our third quarter business performance and strategy update.  
While the COVID-19 pandemic continues to occupy our time, as leaders, we must not lose sight on speaking up for what's right. Earlier today, we launched Jacobs' global action plan for advancing justice and equality, which was developed in a direct response to recent social and racial injustice. For the last several years, I've been pleased with Jacobs' industry-leading progress on building a high-performance culture led by our focus on inclusion and diversity, which we call TogetherBeyond. We believe this has been a critical success factor in driving improved performance and shareholder returns. 
Today's launch of Jacobs' advancing justice and equality action plan is our next phase of this journey and builds on our TogetherBeyond strategy, with the 4 primary pillars centered around culture building and engagement, leadership commitment and accountability, developing talent and growing the business. This action plan is on about achieving true equality for all our employees, current and future, with a priority now on ensuring black employees have unquestionable equal opportunity and the tools needed to advance and achieve their ultimate goals at Jacobs. I'm proud of the employee engagement and the development of this action plan, starting with the team who collaborated alongside Jacobs' Board of Directors and our executive leadership team to outline transparent, specific and measurable actions.  
First commitment is amplifying a culture of belonging by expanding our existing Conscious Inclusion program through Bystander Intervention training with the commitment to training our 55,000-person global workforce by the end of fiscal year 2021; engaging 3,000 Jacobs' leaders in meaningful dialogue on anti-racism to expand their focus on justice and quality; driving personal accountability of senior leadership for inclusion by tying individual inclusion and diversity performance plan to compensation; and adding Martin Luther King, Jr., Day as a U.S. holiday, encouraging employees to engage in volunteer opportunities around equality and justice.  
Our second commitment is to recruit, retain and advance black employees based on merit by increasing the representation of black employees at all levels over the next 3 years to proportionately reflect the overall external population. To accomplish this, we are increasing our leadership development programs to accelerate advancement for black employees to all levels of leadership, requiring all senior leaders to sponsor and mentor at least one black employee and ensure global reach to these efforts and further strengthening the diversity of Jacobs' Board of Directors, including black representation. This has been a success area for our Board over the last 4 years but one that can be continually improved as board members retire and as we appoint highly talented diverse contributors.  
Our third commitment is about driving structural change in the broader society. To meet this commitment, we'll donate $10 million over the next 5 years in support of black educational and professional development opportunities that include 2 specific areas: supporting primary and secondary education programs focused on science, technology, engineering, arts and math to prepare black students for steam professions; and providing financial support for scholarship mentoring and internship opportunities at Jacobs for black high school and college students. In addition to that investment, we're also promoting programs with organizations committed to justice and equality through Collectively Jacobs' giving and volunteering platform, including leveraging our expertise in areas like water for at-risk urban and rural communities; and materially increasing the percent of Jacobs' spend over the next 5 years with women and minority-owned suppliers and vendors.  
To drive this action plan and our global I&D strategy, we have appointed Jeff Dingle as Vice President of TogetherBeyond. Advancing justice and equality requires strong leadership and a relentless drive to deliver on the vision, and Jeff is the right person to lead this important work and grow a culture where employees want to join, stay and thrive. Ultimately, we must create a culture in which every person can access a future of opportunities, contributing to a structural change at Jacobs, and then the broader society is about doing our part as a global leader. The time is now for us to get this right once and for all.  
Turning to Slide 5 to discuss our continued focus on keeping our people safe during the pandemic and how we're supporting clients to solve COVID-19 challenges. As we approach 5 months of battling the coronavirus, we remain focused on keeping our people safe, first and foremost, and delivering on our commitments to our clients. As the duration of the pandemic has extended, Jacobs' strong culture of caring, and particularly our emphasis on employee well-being, has really come to the forefront. Our teams have responded with new programs for engaging our people in supportive ways, including deep dive series on mental health resiliency. Situation continues to be fluid, and as a global company, the variability from location to location is dramatic. Our crisis management teams continue to monitor and respond to the pandemic in our local areas. And with regard to our efforts around the return to the workplace, we are demonstrating flexibility to fit the needs of our people and our clients while accelerating our future of work strategy.  
Our efforts in supporting our clients and communities in fighting COVID-19 include, on the treatment side, our world-leading pharmaceutical solutions team playing a major role in the retrofit of facilities to rapidly develop COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics. Our teams are also supporting clients in public health response strategies in the U.S., U.K., Australia and New Zealand. And from a solution standpoint, we're deploying our proprietary ION technology for contact tracing with pharmaceutical clients at large-scale facilities. We're developing scenario modeling software being used by transit clients around the globe and digital monitoring of waste streams for COVID-19 at municipal water treatment plants.  
Turning to Slide 6. Our business, which at its core solves highly technical scientific-based challenges across a variety of sectors, proved its resiliency in one of the most abrupt global disruptive shocks that we have experienced. Part of our resiliency is driven by an alignment to high-value sectors of the global economy, such as national security, water infrastructure, environmental resiliency, health care and life sciences, intelligent asset management, space exploration and the convergence of information and operational technology.  
In addition to deep technical expertise, we benefit from economies of scale in both our businesses. This provides us the ability to quickly adjust to global changes in demand and manage our cost structure. More importantly, our culture fosters strong business acumen and innovative thinking to adapt rapidly to shifts in demand.  
While we were certainly impacted by the pandemic during our third quarter, from a financial standpoint, we showed solid retention in the quarter with pro forma backlog up 4%. Adjusted operating profit was up 3% year-over-year as we quickly transitioned to the new, virtual work environment with strong productivity while carefully managing discretionary spending. We delivered free cash flow in the quarter of $332 million and now expect reported fiscal 2020 free cash flow to approach $400 million. Overall, we witnessed better-than-expected performance in the third quarter, given the ability to proactively work with our clients to overcome physical distancing requirements.  
Considering this third quarter performance and our initial view of our fourth quarter, we're raising our fiscal 2020 outlook. COVID-19 will continue to impact us in the fourth quarter and likely provide challenges into early fiscal 2021. For the full fiscal 2021, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth with potential infrastructure stimulus providing upside relative to these expectations. Finally, we continue to maintain healthy financial flexibility with ample liquidity that can be prudently deployed toward high return opportunities.  
Now I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

All right. Thanks, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook. Giving our better-than-expected transition to a virtual work environment and the ramp-up of on-site operations, we're updating our fiscal 2020 outlook. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to a range of $1 billion to $1.050 billion from the $950 million to $1.050 billion. We are also updating our fiscal 2020 adjusted EPS guidance to a range of $5.05 to $5.30, up from the $4.80 to $5.30 previous guidance. Importantly, at the midpoint of our revised EPS range, 2020 total fiscal year adjusted EPS represents year-over-year growth when excluding the impact from discrete tax items in both years.  
Let me also provide some insight to the COVID-specific impact on this outlook. At the time of our second quarter earnings call, we communicated that we expected the gross impact to second half 2020 earnings would be approximate -- I'm sorry, the net impact to second half fiscal 2020 earnings would be approximately $0.50 per share. However, as a result of our enhanced ability to adapt to physical distancing, we now expect a lower net impact from COVID of $0.35 per share.  
Given our success in adjusting our operations to a virtual work environment, we are further evaluating opportunities to significantly improve our efficiency through new structural changes to our future of work and look forward to sharing our strategy over the coming quarters. And looking into fiscal 2021, we continue to expect year-over-year adjusted EBITDA growth, with the second half stronger than the first half performance.  
With that, I'd like to open the call for questions. Operator, we'll now open the call.

Yes, Joe. Bob, let me start, and then you add on. The -- actually, when you look at the budget, that's relatively flat overall on Department of Defense. The certain components of that budget when you start to peel the onion is actually -- there's several growth items that are aligned with most of our priority initiatives. You look at the DoD space budget, it's up 28%, $18 billion budget, which fits right into our whole space intelligence activities coming out of the whole KeyW acquisition. Cybersecurity is up 5%. The hypersonics, which we're a growing player with our missile defense work, a recent Air Force win, some work that we do for NASA around that area. A whole host of classified programs where the budgets are up. And then you even look at like PFAS, where they added $180 million, we're in the mix there. So Environmental Department of Defense across our CMS, we actually feel pretty positive from a budget standpoint, even when you look at the headline of a flat Department of Defense budget.

First of all, Jamie, let me start. Yes. I'll take the first one, Kevin, and then why don't you build on it? So Jamie, with regard to the 2019 strategy, I really think the best answer is the fundamentals of that strategy are solid and, if anything, have been strengthened as we continue to diversify the company and bring innovative solutions. And it's just, as you suggested, it's just moved to the right. And obviously, funding is going to play a key component on some elements of it, but we're very confident that, that's, again, just a matter of timing. And that's we're going to see growth. But when you look at our Critical Mission Solutions business and our People & Places solutions, I just look at that 2019 strategy that led to that $7 to $8 outlook and feel very confident that, that's still out there for us in the near term and as we progress into -- given some guidance for '21, and I'm sure we'll also kind of give some update overall on the timing of that question. Kevin?

And Bob, do you want to...

Keep going.

Yes. So let me start the -- as far as the pandemic and the impact on our business, it's a pretty widespread, and there's a lot of opportunities there. Bob talked a lot about the life sciences side. When you look at the whole future of work, and I'll come back to the sort of the Jacobs opportunity, but the demand opportunity now that's out there for what -- we would say we're in the whole supply chain of the digitization, massive change in the economy around digitization as our industry-leading position around semiconductor work are the mission-critical data centers that are accelerating. 
And the whole race for 5G, all 3 of those areas were a critical player in. And we've clearly seen the fact with more virtual work, more streaming and online gaming, et cetera. That whole drive is going to increase the need for semiconductor capacity, data center capacity. And 5G is another big example around whole advanced facilities business. 
With -- as it relates to Jacobs, we've commented that we had been working on a future of work strategy over the next several years prior to COVID-19. Our ability to rapidly shift to 85-plus percent of our employees and maintain strong productivity and be able to demonstrate that we not only can deliver projects but win business in that area is accelerating now our work around looking at what we can do starting as early as 2021. And so we have a team looking at that. That's why we commented we'll be updating over the next several quarters of what that looks like, what the timing is. But we're very excited about that next phase in our transformation journey around accelerating future work.

Kevin, go ahead. Yes, yes, yes.

Let me start, Kevin, and then maybe you can give whatever guidance you want on the quantification of revenue, but the '21 is going to be a fairly light year to almost down to 1 or 2 recompete-s. So it's a very immaterial effect for us in 2021. And so from a revenue standpoint, there's -- we don't see risk around that. In fact, we're excited about some initiatives that others are looking at the recompetes that we're hopefully going to gain some share on. But Kevin, do you want to talk about the revenue question?

Well, look -- Kevin, maybe I'll start. Just building on Kevin's pipeline comment and what Bob talked about earlier on protest, so we're getting off to a fast start, first and foremost, because some things we won in the third quarter are not on the books yet as it relates to our book-to-bill and our bookings and backlog. And so that -- when you look at -- first of all, when you look at those 2 initiatives, the maybe Kings Bay and the NORAD wins, you put that into -- with everything else we won in the third quarter, and the book-to-bill is strong in Critical Mission Solutions. Our pipeline is at a record high, a significant increase from where it was a year ago when we look at our current CMS pipeline of $30 billion. And when you look at the margin in that pipeline, it's exciting. And the things we've just recently announced are all margin enhancement, along, of course, with the Wood acquisition and KeyW acquisition as those continue to ramp up. 
So as Kevin said, that you put all that together, this is, for us, a great transition that we're going through that's consistent with our strategy that we outlined of growing the business but enhancing the margins at the same time. And we feel confident that, that's playing out now as we get into 2021 and beyond. And so Kevin or Bob, anything to add to that?

Well, let me just qualitatively say that some things that -- so to help us make that comment about growth next year, the 2 -- most 2 recent acquisitions we made, KeyW and Wood, are clearly going to contribute to some of that growth next year. We've been doing very well on the KeyW acquisition around the cyber side and the mission IT side as we've talked about this great opportunity we have on Space Intelligence has moved to the right a bit where it underperformed this year. But everything is still standing there with regard to the great opportunity, and we have 2 specific initiatives that we're moving through, and we expect to drive growth next year around that whole space intelligence side at KeyW along with the other 2 businesses. So we're very positive about that business. Wood Nuclear, combination with Jacobs, we're going to see the majority of the synergies next year around the cost synergies as well as some revenue synergies. So those 2 businesses are going to contribute. 
We're going to have kind of some balancing things going on, on the cost side as we resumed some discretionary spending that we temporarily halted. But at the same time, we have some initiatives underway where we're going to see some productivity and efficiency coming in with some of the things that we've initially talked about with future of work, et cetera. 
And then the rest of it is really driven by just a continuation of what we've talked about of being aligned to the secular trends that are moving in the right direction: national security; water infrastructure, water still is we're very bullish on; environmental resiliency; of course, the whole health care and life sciences; we've been talking a lot about the intelligent asset management side on Critical Mission Solutions that the 3 Navy wins over the last 12 to 18 months; margin enhancement; profit growth; and then, of course, this whole race to the Artemis 2024 space exploration side of things; and add-on top of that, the digital initiatives that we're working across both businesses are really the drivers of what we're talking about.

Bob, why don't you pick that up?

All right. So thanks, everyone. Look, the past 5 months as the pandemic increase in intensity, we kept our focus on our people, the culture of caring that we've talked about as part of our DNA. Today's launch of our action plan for advancing justice and equality is our next phase. It's our call to action and direct response to the recent social and racial and justices and actions that go beyond words and rhetoric and actions. We hope others will do the same. 
As we look at our business, these last 2 quarters have proven the resiliency of our company to stay the course, drive results in times of uncertainty. The diversity of our end markets, the strong foundation, the strong global teams have all held firm. And looking forward, the highly recurring nature of our work provides us some good visibility into our business opportunities, and we expect to grow EBITDA in 2021. Thank you, and good luck.