All right. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2021 business performance and key initiatives. 
Turning to Slide 4. Before reviewing our third quarter results, I'd like to reiterate our commitment to our current strategy, which includes aligning our portfolio toward large secular growth opportunities where we can deliver sustained double-digit profit growth. As I mentioned last quarter, we're developing our new corporate strategy and just completed a midpoint review of our business and competitive landscape. We look forward to sharing our new strategy, along with updated, multiyear financial targets at our Investor Day later this year. 
Turning to our financial results. I'm pleased with our strong third quarter performance, with net revenues increasing 11% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA growth of 26%. Backlog ended the third quarter up 7% year-over-year and up 3% on a pro forma basis, and our backlog excludes our significant Idaho National Labs remediation win. Now that the award has cleared protest, when including Idaho, total Jacobs reported third quarter backlog would be up 11% and on a pro forma basis for Idaho, up 6%. 
Total PA Consulting continued to post exceptional performance with 36% revenue growth. More importantly, PA delivered this growth while maintaining adjusted EBITDA margins of 23%, making it one of the fastest-growing and most profitable consultancy firms. Given the strong year-to-date performance across all of Jacobs, including PA, we are again increasing our full fiscal year 2021 adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS outlook.
Looking beyond fiscal 2021, we believe we are entering an attractive growth period for Jacobs, driven by strong global trends and infrastructure modernization, energy transition, national security and a potential super cycle and global supply chain investments, most notably in our semiconductors and life sciences. We are anticipating an increasing and robust sales pipeline for both fiscal year 2022 and 2023. We are aligning our strong culture, deep domain knowledge and investments in technology-enabled solutions to help solve our clients' challenges and to convert this pipeline into meaningful growth opportunities for our shareholders. 
Turning to Slide 5. At Jacobs, our company's purpose is delivering solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. And our values are: We do things right. We challenge the accepted. We aim higher, and we live inclusion. This is critical for our people to work for a company that believes sustainability is fundamental to what we stand for as an organization. 
Building on our PlanBeyond 2.0 strategy, which we released externally last week, we have now launched an ESG-focused digital thought leadership publication, Reimagined Perspectives, to share with the world what our talented teams are thinking relative to high-priority challenges like climate change and how they're creating and delivering innovative solutions in response. Living up to our brand promise begins with thought leadership by stimulating discussion, asking the hard questions and seeking new ways to meet challenges. The first publication is focused on resilience from a number of perspectives. And throughout today's presentation, you'll see examples of our people and our solutions in action. We encourage you to follow us on social media or visit our website to learn more. 
Turning to Slide 6. We are seeing an acceleration across our global customer base and communities to provide solutions for their net-zero carbon commitments. For example, at one of the largest U.S. consumer goods companies, we are providing consulting services to help them drive carbon-neutral facilities as part of their journey to net-zero emissions, an effort that may result in rethinking their entire global supply chain. And for a transportation customer in the U.S., we're helping them leverage renewable energy sources for their rail operations to enhance electric grid reliability during critical times. 
And in the U.K., we're researching how airports of the future will accommodate hydrogen aircraft. And in Germany, we're supporting Shell's goal of becoming a net-zero emissions company by planning for their new sustainable campus. And moving further east, we're supporting the development of a new solar photovoltaic power plant in Malaysia. In Australia, we've been awarded another wind energy project with a confidential customer. 
Altogether, sustainable solutions are a high-growth business for Jacobs, today comprising nearly $5 billion of our revenue, which makes Jacobs one of the largest ESG solutions providers. And now with PA Consulting, Jacobs is uniquely positioned across the entire end-to-end ESG opportunity. 
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob Pragada to provide more detail by line of business.

Thank you, Kevin. Now let me review our total company outlook for fiscal 2021. Given our strong year-to-date performance, excellent results from our PA Consulting investment and the benefit from the lower tax rate, we're raising our full year guidance. We now expect adjusted EBITDA outlook to be a range of $1.21 billion to $1.275 billion versus our previous outlook of $1.2 billion to $1.27 billion. We expect adjusted EPS to now be in the range of $6.15 to $6.35 per share versus our previous outlook of $6 to $6.30. 
Looking beyond fiscal 2021, the likelihood of a U.S. infrastructure stimulus package has substantially increased over the last week, which had become a significant benefit to our Jacobs P&L in the second half of our fiscal year 2022 and beyond. With the strategic repositioning of our portfolio, we are aligned to strong secular growth trends, including global infrastructure modernization, climate change, national security, digital transformation and global supply chain investments. As a result, we expect this to drive double-digit adjusted EBITDA growth in fiscal 2022 and beyond. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Yes. Mike, thanks for that. So look, this -- we are building optimism, obviously, based on the news we're all reading. And we're very highly engaged, and I do want to start with that. Our U.S. government relations team have done an outstanding job to help influence this outcome, which, of course, it's important for Jacobs, but it's highly important for the United States. 
So what we got here is a 5-year authorization that's going to provide our state and local clients significant certainty. And that's huge. And it's also significant for Jacobs because we've evaluated that over 95% of this trillion-dollar, $550 billion of new money is totally aligned to our Jacobs offerings. And when you go through that, obviously, highways, bridges, rapid transit is going to be a significant growth. But when you look at some of the other components, like Amtrak and freight rail, which is going to quadruple in funding; drinking water and wastewater, which is going to be up 2.5x; airports more than doubling; ports and waterways, where we're an industry leader, same thing. 
And then you then tack on to that things like superfund and Army Corps civil works, which are right up where we're the leader in the industry across that growing significantly. And that's pretty fast-starting opportunities the way the money will flow. 
And then, of course, what you talked about, Michael, energy transition resilience and a whole host of other things, $8 billion in hydrogen hubs, which we're right in the center of providing solutions. So just a great, great opportunity for Jacobs moving forward.

I think when we talk about the robust opportunity moving into '22 and beyond, we're really talking about all 3 legs of the business, PA Consulting, CMS and P&PS, almost from a standpoint of them directly contributing to that double-digit growth. I mean CMS specifically, we talked about this $30-plus billion of new business pipeline. We're excited about the wide range. The Department of Defense, for example, is shifting into a major focus on upgrading, modernizing and making all of their systems more intelligent. And we play a center role there as -- because of the capabilities that we bring and some of the proven abilities in the most recent projects. 
Bob talked about the space cycle, deep space exploration as well as space intelligence. And then we move over to even things like 5G networks, where that is growing significantly as we talked about in our -- during our remarks. But the cyber and intelligence business, the pipeline there is rising. I mean when you look at the capability that we created, going back to over the last 7 or 8 years with -- starting with FNS acquisition, Van Dyke, Blue Canopy and most recently, KeyW and Buffalo Group, the leadership there in Critical Mission Solutions are now have really put that together to expand our offerings and be directly in the center of all of the cyber and mission intelligence, the fact that now we're up to 12 of the 18 intelligence agencies that we're working for. So very exciting opportunity that CMS is going to contribute alongside of P&PS and PA.

So let me just add the P&PS question, Jamie, that you started with. There's nothing special. I mean it's really driven by strong value-add strategy that we've been talking about. So -- but -- so nothing to point out there from a P&PS standpoint other than great performance. 
The M&A side that you talked about, clearly, we're very pleased with our cash flow and the improved balance sheet. We're obviously very excited about how fast of a start we're off to on the PA Consulting. It's proving out what we talked about as far as high-margin, high-growth business and the significant synergies with our total Jacobs platform. And so we're going to finalize our strategic approach as part of this new strategy we're developing, and we'll get clarity toward the end of the year. But clearly, the strategic consulting side is going to be one of the key components going forward.

Yes. So look, let me mention a few things we haven't talked about yet with regard to the Q&A is we talk a lot about what's going on in the U.S. But outside of the U.S., our organic growth activity is clearly ramping up. We have a strong pipeline in the U.K. Similar drivers there with infrastructure, stimulus and focus on modernization, especially in the rail side and decarbonization. And we're expanding into Europe with some new programs in the airport sector. 
And then when we move over to the Middle East, we're seeing a really good pipeline and organic opportunity in places like Saudi and across the region in high-speed rail and also on the defense side as well. And similar things going on in parts of APAC and Australia, New Zealand. Solid pipeline in Australia and New Zealand across transportation, also the power sector there and the whole sustainable solution. So I wanted to kind of start with that. 
When you take a step back and look at Jacobs' opportunity to grow organically, what we see is every -- things are in different phases. Clearly, what Bob talked about around electronics and life sciences, that's going to be a more rapid ramp-up as we get into -- over the next several quarters because of what -- especially what's going on around semiconductors. When we talk about this U.S. infrastructure opportunity, a bulk of it is going to be programmatic funding and so, therefore -- formulaic funding, I should have said. And so therefore, some of our frameworks and the way the funding will flow will happen with more sort of ramping up and some of it even in the early parts of '22. But as we get into some of the newer initiatives that the government is focusing on around resilience and energy transition and some of the other digital opportunities, some of that will take a few extra quarters for that funding to flow to the various agencies. 
And on the Critical Mission Solutions side, if you look back to our -- the way Jacobs has unfolded over the last several years, it tends to come in certain peaks. And we're building up this great pipeline. We're very optimistic around the things that we've talked about. And then the only question is, does it hit next quarter? Or does it hit a couple of quarters later? But when it comes, it's going to have a meaningful impact to our '22 and moving into '23 and beyond. So overall, we just continue to be very bullish on our ability to grow organically before we even think about deploying capital to - on the M&A side.

Thank you. Okay. Thanks, everyone. I appreciate the questions. Stay safe, and we look forward to staying close with all of you.