Thank you for joining us today to discuss our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 business performance and 2023 outlook. As I transition to Jacobs' Executive Chair, I'm excited and confident about the next phase of our strategy: Boldly Moving Forward. This strategy continues to unlock and elevate our transformed high-performance culture to capture significant growth opportunities we've identified across climate response, consulting advisory and data solutions, while benefiting from the recurring nature and diversity of our core businesses. From a financial standpoint, we believe the rigorous execution of this strategy will result in enhanced long-term revenue growth and expansion in our profit margin profile.  
During our last 2 strategies, we maintained a focus on continuing to reshape our business through organic investments, acquisitions and divestitures. And by doing so, we were able to deliver value for all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders. Since we started our journey together in 2016, we intentionally transformed our culture and our brand, grew revenue and expanded profit margins, leading to a total shareholder return of approximately 250%, almost twice the return of the S&P 500. We believe the next phase will be equally as transformative as we maintain our brand promise of challenging today and reinventing tomorrow. 
Let's now discuss our fourth quarter results. We're seeing strong demand with robust opportunities in our sales pipelines in a number of [ market ] recent wins, which underscores our strategy. During the quarter, net revenue grew 6% year-over-year and grew 11% on a constant currency basis with another quarter of constant currency growth across each line of business.  
Backlog was up 5% from the prior year's quarter and 8% on a constant currency basis. Within People & Places Solutions, our advanced facilities business again posted double-digit year-over-year top line and operating profit growth in the fourth quarter. And the remaining P&PS units in constant currency also experienced year-over-year growth. 
During the current quarter, Critical Mission Solutions is beginning to see previously delayed opportunities into the final stages with a major cyber win last week and with another win close to clearing the protest period.  
PA Consultancy and -- PA Consulting in constant currency continued to show strong Q4 growth with revenue up 9% and backlog up 8% year-over-year. PA successfully won a large multiyear contract with the Ministry of Defense to secure the next-generation soldier in what's proving to be a digitally-enabled battlefield. From a full year standpoint, we finished the year within our original guidance range, even when recognizing the translation impact from the strengthening U.S. dollar with double-digit net revenue and operating profit growth on a constant currency basis.  
Turning to Slide 5. Let me discuss an element of our Data Solutions accelerator that's housed within the Divergent Solutions business unit, which we will formally break out starting in our fiscal first quarter of 2023. We have consolidated the majority of our software and data solutions into a single unit to gain benefits from consistent product management, marketing and research and development. Our data solutions are aligned to 3 high-growth verticals of transportation, water and national security.  
A competitive differentiation of our vertical software platforms is access and integration of unique data sets and the ability to turn that data into actionable outcomes for our customers. For example, our StreetLight Data platform is a SaaS solution that ingests a variety of mobility data sources into proprietary algorithms that provide data analytics for both traditional transportation clients and Giga-Projects within the broader infrastructure market.  
Our GeoPod technology creates mapping data for multiple confidential customers as they plan for autonomous driving, precision agriculture and other aerial surveillance requirements. In water, we continue to leverage smart algorithms developed by our domain experts to optimize our clients' operations and maintenance, both AquaDNA and our Intelligent O&M solution can save 10% to 30% in energy use for wastewater treatment. We continue to expand our water solutions across our clients' assets life cycle. 
From a national security standpoint, our Extreme Search solution has proprietary algorithms and compute ability that can rapidly search large volumes of real-time or live data. One critical use case is quickly finding indicators of compromise to prevent cyber breaches. Given the significant amount of data that will be created and utilized in IT and OT environments, we believe the applications of these type of solutions are in the early stages of decades of robust growth.  
Before I turn the call over to Bob, first, I'd like to thank the amazing people at Jacobs for living our values and progressing our culture over the last several years. Every single day, Jacobs is providing critical solutions globally. For example, most recently, supporting NASA for the Artemis launch to the moon or consulting on green hydrogen solutions for sovereign nations, delivering world-scale biotechnology manufacturing solutions, remediating harmful PFAS chemicals from our water or planning autonomous transportation for the city of the future. It is truly our people that make Jacobs a company like no other.  
Now I'd like to congratulate Bob on his appointment to CEO and say that I'm excited we have an experienced a dynamic leader who brings decades of industry domain knowledge and a proven track record to lead our Boldly Moving Forward strategy into the future. Bob?

Yes. It's Steve here, Jamie. So I can speak for both the Board and management around that question is we, first of all, the whole strategy around Divergent Solutions was to break out the elements of CMS that are highly consistent, especially with the data solutions side of our 3 accelerators. And so obviously, we're [ often running ] that. We're excited about that. That's where we're really going to see accelerated margin growth, especially with these recent cyber wins that we've talked about, but also across the entire platform. 
And then when you get into the remaining CMS business, just as an example, nuclear most recently has been surging with regard to becoming a clean energy transition solution. And as you know, we're a major player in nuclear, not just in the remediation side, but the new build side, especially in the new technology of advanced small modular reactors. So we're excited about the future of those, and we'll continue to monitor the entire company as far as fit, et cetera, long term, as we've done in the past. And I mentioned in my remarks, but we're very optimistic about the CMS business as we move into 2023.

Thank you.