Thank you. Turning to Slide 4. Thank you for joining today to discuss our fiscal year third quarter financial results and the progress we're making on executing against the strategy we outlined at our February 2019 Investor Day.
As you've heard us say, we have taken -- or on a journey to create a company like no other. Over the last few years, we have successfully implemented multiple organic and inorganic strategic portfolio actions to transform Jacobs. We are now predominantly aligned to multiple secular growth trends such as space, urbanization, resiliency and the convergence of information and operational technology. Furthermore, our relentless focus on culture and proven track record of execution discipline creates an unmatched global network of expertise, which provides the ability to deliver innovative solutions for our clients' complex challenges. As a result of this competitive advantage, we expect Jacobs to exceed the growth trends of our markets over the long term.
Our leadership position was recently recognized by once again achieving the #1 Global Design Firm ranking by ENR, including Jacobs being the top-ranked firm in 19 critical submarkets.
Our fiscal year third quarter results demonstrate a continued focused execution through one of the most transformative periods in our company's history. During the quarter, we entered the final stages of the highly successful CH2M integration while closing the sale of our Energy, Chemicals and Resources business and completing the acquisition of KeyW, a leading provider of space intelligence, cyber and data-driven technology solutions.
On a year-over-year basis, third quarter net revenue organically grew by 11%, operating profit increased and adjusted earnings per share of $1.40 was up 13%. And when excluding discrete tax benefits in the current and year ago quarter, EPS was up 8%.
During the quarter, we also completed our $250 million accelerated share repurchase. And as of August 2, we've repurchased an additional $100 million of shares on the open market. Since announcing the $1 billion share repurchase authorization, we have retired $350 million of shares in just 5 months at a significant discount to our estimated intrinsic value. We have a healthy balance sheet that provides the capacity to continue to repurchase shares and further deploy capital toward other higher-return investments.
Given our strong operating and financial performance as well as our ownership of KeyW, we are raising our total year 2019 adjusted EBITDA and earnings per share outlook, and we continue to be well positioned to realize our 2021 shareholder return objectives.
Now on to Slide 5 to discuss our focus on culture and specifically our goal to be the employer of choice. Becoming a company like no other includes reimagining approaches to inclusion and diversity that transform the future of Jacobs. Our strong culture of caring celebrates diverse perspectives, unique backgrounds and individual experiences. And we, at Jacobs, firmly believe that our committed and systematic approach to inclusion and diversity supports an environment where employees will thrive. It enhances the richness of our client offerings, and it's critical to achieving our strategic and financial commitments. As part of this journey, in June, we held a very inspiring Jacobs Women's Network Global Summit, the theme of which was empowering women and engaging men. This continued our focus on ensuring gender equality as well as accelerating the advancement of women at Jacobs. The Women's Summit also served as a think tank for innovation, along with unlocking new business development opportunities across Jacobs. And I'm very pleased with the measurable progress we're making with 45% of our Board of Directors now made up of diverse directors and 75% of the Jacobs executive leadership team represented by diverse executives. We have positively transformed inclusivity at the top levels of Jacobs. We remain committed to achieve similar levels of diversity across all of Jacobs, which we believe will enable us to continue to outperform as a company.
Turning to Slide 6. Let's dive into another key pillar of our strategy, innovation, and an example of how we're uniquely positioned to solve complex challenges. At our Investor Day, we discussed our competitive edge for leading in the convergence of information and operational technology and how our advantage combines deep domain knowledge with leading technology expertise. This strategy includes dedicated investments in 5 technology hubs of cybersecurity, applied geospatial science, automated design, Internet of Things and predictive analytics. I'd like to share a recent example of how we're implementing this strategy. 
One of today's global environmental threats is the impact of synthetic polyfluoroalkyl substances, PFAS, in our water and soil. The pervasiveness of these synthetic compounds in our world, the difficulty in removing them from the environment and the toxicological risks create a complex and time-critical challenge for our planet. Our Jacobs emerging contaminants practice is harnessing our company's integrated domain expertise in environmental investigation, remediation, water treatment and infrastructure design to partner with leading academics, industry work groups and our clients to tackle this challenge now and into the future. Jacobs has performed evaluations of thousands of possible release locations, collecting data and information from industrial sites to military installations to aviation facilities. We are using our experience and knowledge to continually improve our understanding of both the physical and toxicological behavior of these compounds to better characterize their presence, predict their migration and identify ways to remediate these compounds in both soil and water. Jacobs' unique ability to bring together our science and engineering domain expertise while also leveraging our technological depth in geospatial science and analytics provides us an ideal opportunity to develop solutions for our clients. 
One of our large confidential U.S. customers are provide -- we're providing data analytics and visualization solutions to deliver actionable intelligence to help this customer understand and prioritize their approach to PFAS remediation plans. A key component of this win was applying next-generation data science with our domain knowledge against petabytes of disparate data. Other legacy consultants without this deep domain knowledge would not have the ability to filter out the noise and drive its true accuracy and results. Investigation and remediation of PFAS in the U.S. alone is measured in the billions of dollars, and our team is well positioned to help in this recovery for our communities. 
Now moving to Slide 7. Our acquisition of KeyW, a leading space intelligence and cyber solutions provider, closed on June 12. We're off to a great start with the integration, and we're on track to achieve the targeted cost synergies. And most importantly, we're gaining early alignment for considerable revenue synergies. As we previously outlined, KeyW has multiple high-value offerings whose growth can be accelerated when leveraging our global platform and financial resources.
Let me update you on 3 specific areas. First, in the area of space intelligence. KeyW's confidential breakthrough space intelligence initiative continues to move forward and is well funded, and importantly, internal testing continues to be positive. And the follow-on space intelligence pipeline remains robust as the U.S. Department of Defense focuses on future use of cost-efficient, low-Earth orbit satellites. Secondly, in mission IT, the pipeline is growing with numerous $100 million-plus pursuits. In addition, we see significant opportunities to cross-sell KeyW and Jacobs' capabilities into existing contract vehicles and sales pursuits. And thirdly, our combined cyber capabilities will now form the basis for a new robust global cyber business unit within our ATN line of business. This organizational move allows us to focus key leadership and resources on the rapidly growing global cybersecurity sector. We've already identified specific revenue synergy opportunities that allow the pursuit of large, long-term Intelligence Community cyber programs. 
And now moving on to Slide 8 for a review of our Aerospace, Technology and Nuclear, ATN, line of business. ATN's total backlog, including the benefit from KeyW, reached $8.5 billion by the end of the third quarter. Excluding KeyW, ATN's backlog was up 4% versus last year. As previously noted, we're approaching 2 significant ATN rebids, the Hanford Plateau Remediation contract and a classified network security contract with the U.S. government. These contracts are burning revenue without a corresponding increase in backlog. When taking into account these 2 contracts, which we expect will have favorable outcomes, backlog growth would have increased by high single digits versus last year. Approximately 75% of our ATN bookings during the quarter were from new business. When considering the full value of our multiyear contracts, ATN's total backlog is more than 40% larger than our reported backlog.
From a strategic standpoint through purposeful actions -- portfolio actions and a track record of high-quality, consistent project execution, our ATN model uniquely combines strong technical expertise with localized delivery and an industry-leading efficient cost structure. This model has proven our ability to scale in core sectors and expand into complementary, high-value adjacent sectors both organically and through acquisitions.
As an example, during the third quarter, we leveraged our strong past execution performance with the Australian Department of Defense to be awarded a contract as sole provider for the Joint Strike Fighter system support services. Jacobs will provide engineering and other technical services to the Australian new combat capability project office, which is acquiring the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter for the Royal Australian Air Force. The award reflects the successful long-term relationship Jacobs has built with this client.
Another example of strong project execution is our telecom services business, which is benefiting from the build-out of 5G infrastructure, a significant growth opportunity. Our team has strategically expanded into higher-value areas of telecom services and is successfully increasing Jacobs' footprint across the U.S. to respond to this opportunity. We expect our telecom business to drive additional operating profit growth as we take these capabilities globally, and we'll also cross-sell these services in our Buildings & Infrastructure smart city initiatives. 
The KeyW acquisition is our latest move in expanding our government services capabilities in higher-value, higher-margin work by acquiring strong technical expertise with the intent to leverage our delivery model and cost structure to accelerate growth. We've proven the effectiveness of this model with the previous acquisitions of cybersecurity companies, Blue Canopy and Van Dyke, through an increased win rate as demonstrated by recent larger awards with Missile Defense and Special Operations Command.
During the quarter, KeyW was awarded 2 5-year task orders with a combined revenue of more than $150 million for the U.S. Army to provide knowledge management solutions and software engineering support for strategic satellite communications. These awards demonstrate KeyW's highly sought-after technology expertise in top-priority federal programs. More importantly, we are pursuing multiple large opportunities in fiscal 2020 and 2021 where we can leverage KeyW's leading technical expertise for mission IT and cyber.
Intelligent asset management is another ATN organic adjacent opportunity that we discussed at our Investor Day and one where we continue to make great progress. We've developed an attractive offering through the use of next-generation technology that lowers the run rate costs to our customers. While we're currently delivering intelligent asset solutions for the U.S. Navy Mayport, NASA Langley and NASA Ames, there are $1.5 billion of additional intelligent asset management opportunities in our pipeline with other customers.
Outside of the government arena, another highly technical third quarter win comes from our successful rebid of the Windshear program. Under the $72 million contract extension, we deliver test operations in support of NASCAR and other high-performance automotive organizations.
In summary, we're very pleased with the ATN performance in fiscal 2019. And as we look forward, our pipeline has now increased to well over $30 billion in opportunities. Our strategy of leveraging our unique model to scale in core government services markets while expanding selectively in complementary high-value sectors and geographies is on track to drive double-digit operating profit growth.
We'll now turn to Slide 9 to discuss our Buildings, Infrastructure and Advanced Facilities, BIAF, line of business. BIAF continued its solid performance from the first half of the year with third quarter backlog up 10% year-over-year to $14 billion. Our sales pipeline is also strengthening, up 15% year-over-year with a strong contribution from most geographies across the globe.
In line with our strategy around market connectivity, Jacobs continues to build deep domain and technological expertise in high-value areas, positioning us to capitalize on the convergence of end markets in digital requirements and infrastructure.
We are pleased for the second year in a row, Jacobs was ranked as the #1 Global Design Firm by ENR, and we also retained our #1 ranking in several of our high-growth sectors, including water, airports, advanced manufacturing and government buildings. Adding to that, we moved up to the #1 ranking in mass transit, in rail, in maritime and ports. These rankings signify the differentiated thought leadership of our global solutions and technology team and our strong BIAF project and program execution, positioning Jacobs for long-term and sustainable competitive differentiation.
From a geographic standpoint, North America continues the momentum of strong growth, notably in water, environmental, transportation and advanced facilities. Our U.K. business has delivered steadily despite Brexit headwinds. Australia and New Zealand rebounded in the third quarter with key bookings in water, transportation and health care sectors. And the Middle East and Asia remained strong with a growing pipeline of opportunities.
Now let's look at our key infrastructure industry sectors by solution. In the water and environmental sectors, infrastructure resiliency poses a multi-decade challenge to our communities driven by more extreme weather events and population growth that are taxing our current infrastructure. This is an area where Jacobs continues to demonstrate global leadership. For example, we're delivering solutions for FEMA to remediate recent [ flooding ] from Nebraska. And we're helping major cities in India contend with drought conditions.
Additionally, we're on the front end of next-generation water technology. We're partnering with PUB, Singapore's national water agency, to deliver automated metering solutions, which will increase the efficiency of their water infrastructure. We believe this automated metering model will be the reference architecture of the next-generation water solutions, and one of our competitive advantages is our ability to transport global experience to deliver knowledge and execution locally.
Another near-term BIAF growth driver are opportunities related to U.S. Department of Defense overseas infrastructure, especially in Asia and Eastern Europe regions. These projects are well funded in the current and future budgets.
Transportation spending remains strong globally with specific strength in rail and aviation. We're seeing an influx of large-scale projects in our pipeline that require the understanding of market convergence and the productivity benefits from the ability to execute with a global delivery model. As an example, these requirements were a differentiator in our recent win in Melbourne, Australia, performing design services for the Mordialloc Bypass and will provide us an advantage converting multiple pipeline opportunities.
And our advanced facility sectors remained -- maintained a very steady CapEx spend throughout the quarter, particularly among the leading life sciences and electronics manufacturers where Jacobs is well positioned. During the quarter, we had 2 significant wins in the U.S. with repeat customers for a gene therapy facility and a microprocessing client. Our advanced facilities customers have chosen to partner with Jacobs as we are one of the only providers that has the expertise, scale and execution track record to match their accelerated time requirements for introducing new technologies to their customers.
In summary, BIAF posted solid performance this quarter, leveraging key strategy elements of market convergence to the benefits of scale, taking shape through our global delivery model. We are well positioned for the remainder of fiscal 2019 and on track to achieve our 2021 targets.
Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our financial results in more detail.

Thanks, Kevin. I'm excited about the continued traction of our business transformation. We're seeing a strong, inclusive culture developing across Jacobs. Our pipeline is increasing year-over-year with larger, high-margin opportunities. And we're strategically leveraging our balance sheet, investing in ourselves through timely share buybacks as well as disciplined and targeted M&A activities in strong growth sectors. 
We're raising our fiscal 2019 adjusted EBITDA outlook to a range of $965 million to $1 billion from the previous range of $920 million to $1 billion, and we're increasing our fiscal 2019 adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $4.75 to $5 from our previous guidance of $4.45 to $4.85. This increased outlook accounts for a combination of operational performance, KeyW contributions, discrete tax items and the impact from share repurchases. 
We have a clear vision and strategy for Jacobs and will remain disciplined in executing against it. We're well aligned to capture secular growth opportunities. We have a strong balance sheet, and we're well positioned to deliver on our financial targets. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Well, as you know, the 2-year budget deal has set the overall level, which was up 3% for defense spending and up 4% for nondefense, which obviously is good news for Jacobs over the 2020 and '21 time frame. But the details are to come over the next few weeks and potentially few months. 
I think the good news is that it was a bipartisan effort to merge the defense and nondefense interest of each party, but we're optimistic from everything we're hearing and our engagement with the Hill that the priority areas that we're involved in, especially in space and cyber and mission IT, et cetera, are going to be the areas that are going to succeed. NASA is looking strong with some of the commitments around the Artemis mission and putting the first woman on the moon in 2024 and a sustainable presence on the moon by 2028, and these are areas that we believe will be well funded that will help our efforts at Kennedy, Marshall, Johnson, et cetera. 
So more details to come, but it was a very important deal that was struck obviously over the last few days.

I think we're going to -- I think it's going to move at a fairly solid pace because of the importance and the growing exposure, essentially the negative exposure that's out there on kind of revealing now that this is a concern in soil and water. And so we -- as I mentioned, we're well-positioned on it, and we're right in the middle of it. We have specific Jacobs resources that are working with some of the U.S. government agencies now to develop the solutions, and so I think it's something that's going to help us as we move into 2020 and '21 and beyond.

Well, I'll let Kevin finish with the -- with our leverage goals, et cetera. But just from a standpoint of the type of things that we're looking at beyond buying back our stock -- and I'll always emphasize the barrier to doing any sort of M&A deal is that it has to be superior to buying back our stock. And buying back our stock, as Kevin said, is very attractive to us right now. But as we do -- as we are engaged in M&A opportunities for both our BIAF and ATN businesses, it's very consistent with what we talked about at our Investor Day earlier this year. 
In BIAF, it's really to add to the portfolio to be the one-stop shop globally. I mean one of the big areas we see is digital consulting, anything that strengthens us in thought leadership around bringing digital and continuing the development of our technology platforms that drive infrastructure. 
From an ATN standpoint, geographic growth is important to us. We're currently generating very positive margins in our international area. And so it's -- we're going to continue to look for ways to accelerate our presence outside of the U.S. because the majority of our business today is in the U.S. 
We -- when we acquired KeyW, we were excited about the pipeline of ideas that KeyW had to build that great asset, and so it's an area that we'll continue to look at to strengthen our margins and differentiate ourselves in the areas that we talked about whether it's space, mission IT, cyber. And then in ATN, again, it will be the areas to build our capabilities around our announced technology hubs. But Kevin, do you want to comment on the financial side of that?

Yes. I think we've -- on the Hanford site, I'd say slightly moving to the right. Probably, we'll hear more -- we'll probably hear first on our rebid. And in the tank farms, the tank farm initiative is probably closer to the end of the year, calendar year. And on the confidential initiative, that one looks like it's going to be sometime late next year before it starts to come out for sort of the rebid building significant momentum. 
So the good news is we're continuing to work on our current programs, and we're optimistic on some of the new opportunities that you mentioned.

It's a good question. We're confident, and we're seeing it that as we're pursuing new business, we're moving up the value chain. 
I think what you're -- we're all seeing right now in our P&L numbers is the success of the wins back in 2018 around the large enterprise asset management contracts, things like missile defense and SOCOM and JITC that are all ramped up nicely, and most recent one, the HTASC, big Army HTASC one. And these are very high return but more modest margin businesses that we've discussed. 
And in the meantime, when you look at our pipeline of opportunities, it's rich with these -- the more smaller, higher margin, some of them being fixed price, and we are seeing the opportunity there. So we're not seeing any degradation in the margin opportunity. And also, KeyW is clearly going to start playing out over the next few quarters to -- from an ATN standpoint. Well, we'll have a positive impact on both the gross profit margin and the operating profit margin. 
So we expect that as we get through the next several quarters, we'll start to see some sequential improvement. But it's the nature of this business that we talked about in the past, especially when you have these big, successful, high-return enterprise management contracts.

Of our BIAF, $14 billion backlog, the most cyclical in there is the advanced facilities. But even with that, we're seeing great success based on our alignment with some of the key life sciences and electronics players that some of them are countercyclical in their own CapEx spend. 
When you look at the backlog in the third quarter, our advanced facilities business had one of the strongest backlogs, close to 10% year-over-year in the third quarter. 
And we're continuing to move into the areas where the spending is happening. And there is, for example, on life sciences, we talked about biotech and gene therapy, and we still see great opportunities there moving forward. 
And then when you look at the Brexit impact of the U.K., for us, so far, so good. In fact, our best year-over-year performance on a percentage basis in the third quarter was in the U.K., where we had double-digit backlog growth. And I can't say enough about the team in the U.K. and what they've been able to do to really combine with CH2M and drive the revenue synergies, and the things that we're winning are demonstrating market share and growth. And now that there's been some government change there in the U.K., the new transport minister and even Boris Johnson himself are showing early-on commitment to things that maybe people are worried about but showing commitment to High Speed 2 rail, which is important for Jacobs. And another great area is northern area of U.K, which we are well positioned with our Manchester and Leeds offices, and we're seeing the new government put some specific focus there. 
So I'm really proud of our BIAF team and the way that they've been able to offset some headwinds and be driving these type of double-digit backlog and P&L growth.

Yes. It's really -- thank you, Jerry, for the question, and we are very excited about what the team's doing globally on ATN and specifically in the U.S. 
What's been very positive is that I talked about these large enterprise contracts that we won back in 2018 and we're -- and how we're ramping them up. And not only has the team done a successful job on getting them fully ramped up, but we're actually finding new opportunities within those -- with those clients on some additional business. And so I think that's demonstrating the ability for us to bring new things that we didn't have a few years ago based on our acquisitions of cybersecurity, digital capability, and now KeyW's is going to add on top of that. 
Also, when we look at the nongovernment side, the automotive business, the wind tunnel business, has been a high-growth opportunity for us. And we've talked about the wind tunnel capabilities that we're doing globally, but now we're seeing opportunities in electrification, powertrains and leading new R&D facilities. And we've had great success recently on winning some business not only in the U.S. but in Western Europe, and we see that continuing to grow. The telecom business is becoming a bigger business for us based on the success that we've had. I think the main driver there has been our operating performance, where one of the large clients has extended us from about 5 or 6 states to, I think, it's 13 states now. And we're well positioned across that whole telecom services area with a movement to 5G, and so that's also becoming significant for us. And I mentioned earlier the NASA opportunity. We are -- I think we now have, on a combined Jacobs employees and the contractors that we control, over 5,000 employees, and we're at all the major sites. And what NASA's doing now is pretty exciting, and Jacobs is well positioned for that. 
So those are examples that are driving the current success. And what I mentioned on the phone call, I think you're going to see a lot more diversification on the business going forward based on the successes that we've had. Dawne Hickton coming in, bringing some new leadership and new thinking. He's already moving the organization into some areas that will allow us to continue to extend the success that ATN has had over the last several years.

Yes. Well, there's a lot in that question, and it's a great question. It's one of the most important things that we work on every day, and that's why we talk about culture on these earnings calls because talent is -- everyone's looking for the best talent out there in the industry. And in certain parts of the world, talent's tight. And the way we are successfully managing that is -- and when I look at our BIAF business, for example, is a highly successful, global integrated delivery capability with major hubs around the world. We have capabilities in the Philippines and Poland and several areas in India and even in the U.S., where we're able to capture -- we're able to attract the best talent in those areas, and the talent is significant there, and deliver projects globally utilizing that talent unlike most of our competitors. And so that's been not only an effective way of ensuring that we have the ability to serve our clients' needs globally but doing it in the most efficient way. 
When you look at our G&A evolution over the last couple of years as a percent of net revenue as a company, I think the data is showing that we've -- actually, on a year-over-year basis, are about 100 basis points more efficient when we look at G&A as a percent of net revenue. We've been driving sequential improvement, and that's an area that we're going to continue to be focused on. 
But at the end of the day, it's going to be our ability to have the best culture, not only against our direct peers, but across all sort of companies across the globe because we're trying to get the best functional people, the best engineers, the best cyber, the best architects and on and on. And so it's a really holistic set of initiatives.

Well, I think we've been -- as a company, we've been more intentional and purposeful on getting the message out. So we're doing a much better job these days of trying to alert the world of the type of things that we're working on. And we are hearing and feeling and seeing some measurable excitement around that and our ability to retain our talent. We still are setting much more aggressive measures -- metrics and targets to do even better, but I can say that we've been pleased with the retention rates of -- especially going for a lot of this restructuring in the company. And we're attracting talent, we believe. And again, we measure it in a much stronger way than we have over the last several years. 
I think at some point, as we get more mature in this, we'll be more transparent with some of these metrics, but what I can say is that it's clearly demonstrating some early-on success. But we have a long way to go in a short period of time to really set the bar on being that employer of choice.

Yes. So our pipeline is 3/4 of it. More than 75% is new business, so versus rebid or similar type business that we have today. So it's exciting in that it's demonstrating the extension and expansion of our ATN business. About $1.5 billion of that is the -- as I mentioned, our enterprise, the large enterprise-type contracts that we've had in the past. And so what it really kind of demonstrates is that a majority of that pipeline are higher-margin, shorter-term-type business which are going to provide the opportunity for margin expansion for the business. 
KeyW brings some nice pipeline to us, so the opportunity is there to get more into space intelligence compared to what we had in the past. And also, we're seeing evidence of the pipeline building based on the combination of capabilities that KeyW and Jacobs bring. 
So when you look at the -- you were asking about telecom. The telecom is coming in multiple areas for us. It's the traditional work that we do for some of the large U.S. players, and we're expanding, as I mentioned, geographically across the U.S. But it's also using these telecom capabilities now and moving into smart city and the smart initiatives with BIAF, so demonstrating the connectivity between our ATN business and BIAF business. 
When you put together our cyber business that I mentioned as we've put these different acquisitions and capabilities together and we're creating a special separate business unit focused on that, when you look at the automotive business that I referred to, you look at the telecom business, these were all of sort of small pieces of ATN that probably did move the needle back 3, 4, 5 years ago that are now becoming significant contributors, along with our traditional enterprise work and test and facilities work that we've been doing with our core government clients. So we're becoming a much more diverse ATN players as our $30-plus billion pipeline demonstrates.

Yes. Well, I'd say a very simple way of describing what's going on in BIAF is we're seeing a significant opportunity near term and long term with our existing clients because of the offering now that we bring with the combination of Jacobs-CH2M and these other technology capabilities that I've been mentioning, including the connectivity with ATN. And so that higher piece of the pie with these major clients around the world are not only giving us the revenue and profit growth but are elevating our margins as some of these are -- some of the higher-value portions that we didn't have in the past as when we were stand-alone Jacobs, say, 3 or 4 years ago. 
And this other area of markets converting -- converging all into sort of one opportunity with clients. And our clients are now needing water, cyber, environmental, mobility, et cetera, and we're one of only a few players globally that can bring all that capability for our clients' need. And so that's giving us both profit growth and margin improvement. 
And so it's exciting when -- as I mentioned before, we not only have seen significant backlog growth in advanced facilities in the U.K., but -- and the Americas, which still is a very significant part of our BIAF. We had nearly 10% growth in our backlog last quarter. And so it's demonstrating measurably what I've been talking about with these core clients across the Americas. But then when we look at the Middle East and Asia and what we're doing in areas like the big high-speed rail projects or the big aviation projects that are going on around the world especially in Asia and the Middle East, water projects in the Middle East, we're now involved in Saudi Arabia and UAE on bringing our world-class water capability to these emerging economies, all of this is leading to not only profit growth but margin enhancement that BIAF has been proving out over the -- really, for the last several years, and we believe that will continue into the future. 
So I want to thank you for all participating on the conference call. As I reflect on our results and positive outlook, the main thing I want to state is I'm very proud of our people across the globe at Jacobs. They make it happen. The work we do, the clients that we have the opportunity to work with and the communities that we're impacting around the world is it's exciting, and it's humbling to all of us at the leadership level. 
For me personally, this marks my 4-year anniversary of leading Jacobs, and I want to make sure you all know I'm just as excited today as I was in 2015. We have a collective drive to truly become a company like no other. And we're asking ourselves every day, "Why not?" and in doing so, creating an exciting tomorrow for all of us. So thank you.