All right. Thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter fiscal year 2022 business performance and our near-term outlook. We're excited to be conducting today's call from PA Consulting offices in London, and I'll provide more color in just a moment on our strong early on success of our investment in PA.  
But first, turning to Slide 4. At Jacobs, the combination of a proactive approach to strategic portfolio management and driving a high-performance culture has created a top-quality business, with substantial recurring revenue that's resilient during a variety of macroeconomic conditions. This is complemented by our focus on secular growth in the areas of Climate Response, Consulting & Advisory and Data Solutions. 
Our competitive advantage is based on strength, staying true to our values. We harness our deep technical expertise to reinvent the way we solve problems and shape the next generation of innovative solutions for our clients. 
As I shift to the quarterly results, we're clearly seeing strong underlying trends and accelerated growth at Jacobs. From the velocity of our sales pipeline, our recent major wins that we'll talk about today and next quarter, to increasing trends in utilization, we're positioned for strong profitable growth going forward.  
During the quarter, net revenue grew 8% year-over-year and double digit on a constant currency basis, with growth across each line of business. More importantly, bookings were strong across the company, resulting in revenue backlog up 10% year-over-year and actually up 13% in constant currency. We saw continued strong performance in our advanced facilities business, as demonstrated by our 25% year-over-year top line growth, and an acceleration in [ TMTS ] bookings during the quarter within our Americas business, driven by awards related to the U.S. infrastructure modernization. 
Within Critical Mission Solutions, we were awarded a strategic $3.9 billion NASA Johnson 10-year rebid, significantly larger than our existing contract and which will be added to our backlog in the fourth quarter. This is one of many long-term recurring contracts that provide revenue visibility for the business. 
On a constant currency basis, PA Consulting continued to show strong growth, with revenue up 22% and backlog up 19% year-over-year. The strong visibility of our diverse business with upside from secular growth trends, combined with robust cash flow generation, affords us the ability to generate returns for our shareholders through times of economic uncertainty.  
Now turning to Slide 5. This time 2 years ago, in the height of the pandemic, we were zeroing in on the PA Consulting transaction. And [indiscernible] PA is significantly exceeding our financial expectations, and revenue synergies are accelerating. Results are strong across all PA's key performance indicators. In culture and talent, the number of partners has increased more than 20% since the transaction closed, with additional key hires across operations, research, technology and sales further strengthening PA's capabilities and client solution. And very exciting is their women and leadership program, with the current PA leadership team now at 50% female.  
Financial performance continues strong, with the weighted pipeline up more than 40% compared to the prior year. Fiscal year-to-date revenues are up 20% in constant currency, with an operating margin of 21%, which is an indicator of PA's high-quality business. On the operations and strategy front, PA is seeing success following the launch of its IP monetization. And they are gaining momentum in the U.S. with new leadership in an expanding portfolio. And in the area of revenue synergies, we have posted 18 joint wins since the beginning of the partnership and are seeing significant collaborative opportunities in multiple markets, including health and life sciences, energy and utilities and consumer products.  Our partnership with PA has been one of the most successful and value-creating investments, and our Consulting & Advisory accelerator is a clear priority for future capital deployment.  
Turning to Slide 6. A key to our successful partnership has been the close alignment of our purpose around creating solutions that have positive social impact. Whether it's working together to improve health care for families through leading-edge cell and gene therapy; addressing patient safety and emergency departments across the U.S.; solving issues of connectivity and decarbonization for global rail market; delivering resilient solutions in the areas of deforestation and fire prevention in the U.K. and the undergrounding of 10,000 miles of cable for PG&E to mitigate forest fires in California; and on the clean energy front, collaborating on analyzing investments for private equity in clean hydrogen. Once again, looking ahead, we believe our partnership with PA is critical to delivering our new Jacobs strategy.  
Now I'll turn it over to Bob Pragada to discuss our line of business.

All right. Thank you, Kevin.  As Kevin described, we have a diverse portfolio with significant reimbursable recurring revenue. It provides us the ability to grow under multiple economic scenarios and manage the impacts of inflationary pressures on our business. With this diversity comes some exposure to foreign currency translation, as we have approximately 34% of our revenue outside of the U.S., with 21% of that revenue in U.K. pound sterling. 
As a result of the latest foreign exchange dynamics, we're providing updated guidance for the fourth quarter of adjusted EBITDA in the range of $340 million to $360 million and an adjusted EPS of $1.75 to $1.85, with the midpoints tied to the current FX rates. We feel very confident in our underlying business trends in the fourth quarter and have provided the lower end of the range to reflect the possibility of any FX erosion. 
It is important to note that relative to our fiscal 2022 forecast back in November, foreign currency translation has impacted our full year expected fiscal 2022 net revenue outlook by approximately $320 million, adjusted EBITDA by approximately $40 million and adjusted EPS by nearly $0.20. So in short, our change in annual guidance and EPS is effectively driven by currency volatility versus our original expectations. 
In closing, we are excited about the momentum across all of our business as demonstrated by our accelerating revenue growth, our strong bookings and backlog and a robust sales pipeline globally. 
Operator, we'll now open the call for questions.

Yes. So it's Steve here. The good news is we actually had 2 wins in the last 30 days in the cyber and intelligence business. There was the $500 million one that did get booked late in the third quarter. And then we've had one just in the last week that Kevin just talked about. That's just under $500 million. And those are 2 good-sized cyber and intelligence awards, with better margins than some of our longer-term enterprise contracts that we have in CMS. So they're going to be margin accretive in -- and we're really going to see those playing out as early as -- as far as the P&L in the first quarter of 2023. So -- and then on top of that, we have about $1.5 billion of things that could hit sometime in the fourth quarter as far as pursuits out there. And if you look at our normal win rate, that's going to add on top of that. And then on the back of that, there's a series of other pursuit opportunities that will play out sometime in the first half of '23. 
So we are excited about cyber and intelligence. A little frustrated that it's taken a few quarters longer than we had expected. 
And then I just want to add on the back of that, outside of cyber and intelligence, which also gives us some optimism, is that the Americas IIJA initiatives, we are clearly seeing momentum now in that. The pipeline is building. We've had some early on wins. We've got about 50 grants out there that we are highly confident of winning a large share of, and that's going to translate into business. And we see that starting to accelerate in 2023. And so it really hasn't been a material impact on our business to date. And we all know that, that's coming because of the commitment of the U.S. government around that IIJA. So those are reasons for optimism as we get into both top line and margin improvement as we enter 2023.

Yes. It's very similar to the IIJA. When you look at the climate change portion, which is in the high $300 billion, I think it's somewhere in the $370 billion, $380 billion. We see somewhere in the 85-plus percent coverage by Jacobs of when you break that bill down to what we're able to see so far. And we haven't been able to get 100% of it. But based on some of the specifics and what we're hearing, it's going to be a majority of it that's going to be an opportunity for Jacobs.

We've talked about this in the past and continue to have the same view that we really love the model that we've set up for the investment in PA. I think it not only is unique, but it's one of the reasons why we were able to get that and to get this investment across the finish line. And there could be a scenario where we incrementally grow our ownership. But right now, over the long term, we think having the PA partners and employees have ownership and the collaborative opportunities that, that gives us is really part of -- is really a key reason why we're off to such a strong start in the first year plus. And so we see that kind of model continuing going forward.

Let me just start and then maybe, Bob, you can pick up. So the in-source selection, around the $10 billion, it's net. So the -- I just want to be clear that the Johnson win is not in our backlog in the third quarter and will be added to the backlog in the fourth quarter. But what we're talking about now moving into the fourth quarter with our bid process is, I already covered several billion of that being around the cyber and intelligence business and also some opportunity, specifically in our aero segment working with the U.S. government. And so we're talking about that around -- net around all of that. 
Bob, anything to add?

Yes.

Yes. Let me start. Steve here. Let me start with it and then I'll turn it over to Bob. But first of all, congratulations. We understand you just had a new baby and wish you success on that. Big opportunity for your family. So on the grant side, I mentioned 50, there's -- we really -- right now, there's some small fees associated with that, but the big opportunity is that we see the first 12 coming to fruition as far as a go decision over the next few weeks. And then those will start to ramp up. And there's other grants on the back of that. So we have yet to see the benefit of those, and we're pretty excited about what those will lead to as the procurement cycle progresses on those. 
Bob, I'll let you handle the rest.

I just want to thank everyone for calling in, and we look forward to updating you next quarter.