Thanks, Kevin, and thank you all for joining us today. On behalf of all of us at KLA, we hope you and your families are safe and in good health. And we thank you for your continued interest and support of our company.  
In many ways, our performance in the June quarter once again highlights how the KLA operating model and long-term strategic objectives provide a dependable framework to guide our execution and help us consistently deliver on our commitments. Thanks to the dedication, engagement and perseverance of our global workforce in the face of the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, KLA delivered strong results in the June 2020 quarter.  
Revenue and non-GAAP EPS each finished above the midpoint of our guidance ranges, demonstrating strong consistent demand from our customers, exceptional execution by our teams and the enduring strength and resiliency of the KLA operating model under today's extraordinary circumstances.  
For my opening remarks today, I plan to touch on some of the key messages from our letter to shareholders. I'll start with an update on our priorities related to COVID-19, touch on the industry demand environment and then cover 5 highlights from the quarter before passing it to Bren, who will review our financial highlights and our outlook.  
In terms of COVID-19, we continue to take proactive measures to ensure the health and safety of our employees, their families and our partners. Our action to date have been successful and effective as reflected in our strong financial results in the first half of calendar 2020, but more importantly, in our safety record to this point in this pandemic.  
What's also important is that our worldwide teams have never lost sight of what our customers need. Our teams have been exceptionally resourceful and committed to executing for our customers' most pressing needs and challenges. Customer feedback has been outstanding, and KLA is consistently delivering on our customer commitments.  
Investment in the long-term remains an important priority for us during this time. We're confident that our R&D investments will help ensure a bright future.  
Now turning to the industry demand environment. Customer demand is strong. We ended the quarter with our second highest level of quarterly backlog ever. In the June quarter, we saw broad diversified strength across each of our segments. Semiconductor process control was above plan, multiple EPC businesses set records and our services business achieved record installations. Today's environment continues to accelerate many of the secular industry growth drivers that we outlined in our 2019 Investor Day. Data center demand, 5G infrastructure, the revival of PC demand to support work from home, virtual collaboration, remote learning and entertainment and gaming are driving an acceleration of the data era that translates across end markets and industries.  
We're also seeing this acceleration in our own business, adopting new digital productivity tools to improve collaboration with teams and customers. We've also increased investment to accelerate digitalization of our global enterprises. For example, in our services business, we're working closely with our customers to expand remote service technologies to augment our in-country service and installations engineers.  
There are 5 highlights that stood out the most during the past quarter. First, we saw continued strength in foundry and logic in the June quarter, and our revenue forecast for the remainder of 2020 shows relative balance between businesses from these customers. Business from memory customers is improving somewhat in the second half of 2020 versus the first half, with higher business levels and more customer breadth expected in the December quarter with that momentum continuing into 2021.  
Second, KLA ended the June quarter with near record total company backlog, demonstrating momentum in the marketplace across our portfolio. Newly launched products, such as the well-received eSL 10 e-beam inspection platform helped drive our market leadership.  
Third, our Services business continues to perform well and remains on track for growth and healthy free cash flow generation once again this calendar year. The Services business set a record for system installations in the quarter. We see robust service contract penetration, which has risen steadily from the 70%-plus contract penetration to 75%-plus over the past several quarters and delivering a strong recurring revenue stream. We're forecasting Service revenue growth in 2020, in line with our long-term annual 9% to 11% target.  
Fourth, the newly formed Electronics, Packaging and Components, or EPC group, delivered record results in the June quarter and finished above our internal forecast. Within EPC, we achieved a key milestone with the SPTS delivering record quarterly revenue of $100 million in the June quarter. We expect 2020 to be a year of double-digit growth for SPTS. PCB also had a record quarter, driven by improved market positioning supporting 5G infrastructure and handsets. The strong results for EPC are coming about 18 months post the acquisition of Orbotech. We're very pleased to see the successful demonstration of our strategic growth strategies bearing fruit. We're also on pace to achieve cost synergies from the Orbotech acquisition above the original targets.  
Finally, in keeping with our commitment to deliver strong and predictable capital returns to our shareholders, today, we announced our Board of Directors has approved the 11th consecutive annual dividend increase. The increase raises our quarterly dividend by $0.05 to $0.90 per share for an annual run rate dividend of $3.60 per share. KLA's dividend payout has grown at a CAGR of approximately 15% since inception.  
Before I hand it over to Bren, let me summarize by saying KLA's focus on innovation and execution, combined with market leadership and robust free cash flow, have helped us successfully navigate through these challenging times. We believe the secular factors driving industry demand in our 2023 targets remain firmly intact and will drive diversified growth with strong long-term operating leverage that positions our business to be even stronger and more resilient in the future.  
And with that, I'll turn it over to Bren.

Yes. Thanks, Harlan. Really pleased with the performance in EPC. And I think you have to -- when you think about the different divisions, we saw a strong continued momentum in packaging, and that's really the ICOS business. We're also seeing SPTS, the Specialty Semi business, had a very strong showing, and we mentioned that set a record there for revenue. 
PCB was, earlier in the year looked like it was going to soften and it strengthened and driven a lot by 5G infrastructure build-out. And we feel really good about the execution of that team. Display is still in a tough spot, and that's not one that really we saw a lot of strength. And we're following through on the conversations we've had on display, where we're working on the cost structure and being positioned for when the recovery happens there. 
But I think the other businesses -- the other thing that's really notable is SPTS had a very strong quarter in spite of no automotive business. So that's really upside as we go forward. And I think it's pretty fair to say, automotive semiconductors have bottomed. And so we feel pretty good about -- it's pretty much all up subside from here as the spending has heavily been curtailed, but it shows signs towards the end of next year -- or this year and then into 2021, we'll see some resumption of investment as the electrification projects continue. 
So yes, we feel good about where we are with that. And we are definitely getting traction, having those under one organization and engaging with customers at a high level.

Yes. We do see -- we think there's a lot of evidence that the Foundry Logic is going to hold through the second half. And I think that also now we're getting indications of strength going into '21. 
Part of the uncertainty, I think, around the year that everybody has is the Memory recovery probably toward the end of the calendar year, and that's really where we would expect it in Q4 to strengthen there. So that's, I think, maybe the less certain part of that. 
But the setup for Logic looks really good. I think the progress that customers and designs and the ongoing investment by our customers and multiple design wins and multiple proliferation of devices and multiple players, so we're also getting breadth. And our products are doing really well. So we feel pretty strong about how the Logic/Foundry is going to hold up.

Yes. There's  really nothing that's been discussed publicly that hadn't been the way we've been factoring and forecasting our business. It's pretty much consistent with what we've seen. I think some of the public announcements are catching up with some of what was going on. 
But you have to look at why there are delays, when there are delays. And the delays tend to come from -- it's much more an inability to execute than it is the demand. There's plenty of demand at the leading edge. It's the challenges associated with yield management, with process control, with the overall process integration, and those are factors that we're heavily involved in. So we think that there's a lot of continued momentum for us in process control, both metrology and inspection on the leading nodes. And so we -- that's part of why our earlier comments in the last Q&A question were about the strength that we see through the calendar year and then into '21. So we feel pretty good about how that's going. 
And I think our -- in partnership with our customers, we're helping them work through some of the most challenging metrology and defectivity issues, some of which, frankly, they did not anticipate but we did. And we've been showing some value and getting adoption as a result. Does that make sense?

Yes. So what we wanted to make sure is that we could provide differentiated performance for -- to address the market gaps that existed and that we could provide customers a complementary solution along with their optical tools, because what they're really trying to balance is how do they get all the characterization understanding and product development that they've been looking for out of the portfolio. 
So we have some unique capabilities in our e-beam inspection tool. We think that the coverage it provides and the uniqueness, in addition to the fact that it's closely coupled with our optical tools, gives a very strong advantage to our customers by using them in parallel. And that's what we're seeing. 
We have mapped out and we have a lot of confidence that we understand what the road maps look like in terms of the different e-beam architectures, and we feel very confident about our ability to be competitive in e-beam. We wouldn't have reentered the market if we didn't feel like we had a differentiated solution. 
And so that's the ability both define the defects of interest and define them as throughputs that are compelling for our customers. And we -- as we map out the future, we don't see any gap between us and competitors. In fact, we see that we have the ability to continue to differentiate our solution.

Yes. SPTS, I would -- it potentially could be flattish half-to-half. We'll have to see how it plays out. I think PCB's second half will be slightly -- will probably be lower in the second half. Given what's driven the strength we saw in the June quarter, I would expect a lot of focus on execution as we move into the second half there. 
On the flat panel business, I wouldn't expect much to change on that front. It is 100% consumer-focused. There's virtually no LCD investment out there. And so there's a fair amount of digestion of that capacity that's still being worked through. So I don't expect any growth. In fact, maybe second half might be flat to modestly down in that business.

It's a good question. Certainly, metrology -- certain parts of metrology like in film measurement and overlay, tends to scale with capacity, but you also have unpatterned inspection that scales also with capacity. 
On the pattern inspection side, it tends to be a little bit more front-end in terms of just the development process itself. So -- now I think from a lead time point of view, I don't think the lead times on the products are all that much different, a few months or so. But generally, that's how it plays out.

Yes, it's really early for next year. But what we do see is multiple customers making investments in foundry. And so far this year, it's been largely a smaller group. So one. 
And so the expansion of that is really -- and the conversations we've been having and the commitment to that is what gives us the confidence for the second half of the year. And then the follow-on projects that are coming after that are what we think it's a good setup for 2021. But obviously, there's a long time between now and then. 
But I think the notion that there is success of the advanced nodes, that you have the 5G infrastructure building out, you have a lot going on in the advanced computing and high-performance computing, along with the work towards AI, is all very positive for what we're seeing in terms of the continued investment in Foundry and Logic. And a lot of that is driven by the additional capability people are getting from the advanced nodes. So that's what gives us confidence to that plus the conversation since we're having, and our challenge in meeting some of the slot demands through the rest of the year just to keep up with what customers are talking about needing. And we have pretty good ways of judging their actual intent.

Yes. I'll take the first part, and then Bren can fill in the number, thinking -- it is true, Joe. I mean what we've seen in -- 2 things. One, as the design rules have -- or the design complexity has pushed both in flash and, of course, in DRAM, that does create more opportunity. In some cases, the opportunity was already there, what was missing from us was necessarily a solution. So part of it was having the capability and tools to support the advanced node and the needs, and that's something that we're pretty happy with in terms of -- as we laid out in the past, our ability to drive up process control intensity in Memory. And we've already seen the first part of that. So we feel validated in that approach. 
The other thing that's interesting, and we didn't necessarily know is going to happen, but on DRAM, the introduction of EUV for DRAM driving more defectivity needs and capability and the usage of that. So there are some really positive trends in terms of driving process control intensity well above what it was in the past for Memory. We really went backwards when the first move to NAND was first introduced because they went back a couple of design rules. And now they're back moving forward. We have some product capability. We've learned how to solve some of these problems, and we're engaged closely with customers. So we feel good about the progression of process control intensity as the design rules continue to move forward -- the technology nodes continue. It's not just design rules, as you know, but the challenges in the increased number of layers. So Bren, from a standpoint of the numbers?

Well, it was. And we had to go through the exercise as did our peer companies of determining whether or not we were -- how to be compliant with the regulations. And I think all the peer companies have gone through that exercise, and we've been able to navigate that. As we said, we're going to obviously follow the law. It was just -- there was some uncertainty as to what exactly -- how to interpret it. So we've had the benefit of working through those details and feel like we've moved on from that.

We're seeing growth this year. So you've got the pieces that are part of PCB and display. So my growth statement is more WFE-centric. But I would expect it to be up 20% or more. So I think WFE levels in China, for the native China customers, are -- is probably somewhere in the $9 billion to $10 billion range. So it certainly is growth this year, and it's more foundry, and I would call it infrastructure-centric.

So when we're looking at it right now, it's about 50%. And it feels like the success that we've had there, as you point out, we've got good exposure. We've got good products to serve those customers. And we feel like that's -- this is early days for the 5G build-out. So we think there's continued opportunity there as we go forward.

It's really hard to say. I mean I think part of what we've experienced over time is that there are customers that, historically, we've seen a high correlation between their ability to stay on the leading edge and their engagement and investment in KLA process control equipment. 
So what we're seeing now is people that feel like they're needing to catch up are investing more to do that. But I think it's pretty clear. If you want to stay on the leading edge of logic and foundry and you don't have the ability to fully understand, in  the learning cycles in the fab, you're going to struggle. So anybody that's trying to get into a lead or maintain a lead ends up changing their investment profile. That's why -- what's really good for us is people that want to do advanced node technology because they need to invest. 
And so I would say that if it moves, it's because that they've struggled. And if they want to be successful, then they end up investing more. So I think that what's really good for KLA is advanced nodes, and the desire people have to support them. 
I think -- and as you know, in a foundry, especially a multiproduct foundry, the other challenge they have is their multiple process flows. So it also is a challenge for inspection and metrology to be able to support so many flows because all the designs aren't all going through the same process flow. 
So we generally feel really excited when we see the large number of increasing designs at advanced nodes. That's what's really, really been encouraging. 
The other thing on the sustainability of it, just the one thing we would have wondered earlier this year was if we were to see utilization in the fabs of logic and foundry, go down, and we haven't. So we feel pretty good about the sustainability of the investments across the board.

Yes. I'll just add to that. I mean our service guys are really heroes. Service guys and gals this last quarter and this year, they've done an amazing job. 
When we look at all our customers, even back in Wuhan during the early stages of this crisis, the only people that were going anywhere inside of fabs were our service guys. And they were there to support our customers. And so often with our customers, when they don't want to have visitors of any kind, the exception is service because they want to keep these fabs up and running. 
So really, it's been remarkable to see the resiliency of that. And as Bren said, the long-term trend looks good. And this year, we feel really good about services ability to hit the targets we set out pre-COVID for them. So we feel really good about that.

I think DRAMs a little bit -- I think Flash is better. As I said earlier, I think Flash is better in the second half of the year and that DRAM is probably stronger in the first half of the year overall. But I mean, again, that can move around a little bit, but that's how we see it right now.

So Quinn, this is Rick. I think since KLA started doing business internationally, when I've been in the company back in Japan and, whatever, the late '80s, there have always been attempts by our customers in different regions to have supply base. 
So there's never been a lack of interest and motivation. That happened in Japan, of course. That happened in Korea. Not quite as much in Taiwan, but definitely happened in China. So for sure, there is interest and desire to have their own capability. 
But like -- as you know, this business, that's -- the impetus on us is to keep driving performance capability and making sure we're competitive so that more like -- kind of more compelling so that we win that business. 
But yes, of course, there is interest in trying to have alternatives other than U.S. But I think the practical business of running semiconductors is you've got to be competitive on a worldwide basis, and so you've got to have the capabilities to compete worldwide. And that's always been our belief is we have to win overall because any opportunity any region has to go with another solution, they're going to do it. So we don't see that as particularly different than it's been in the past.

Yes, both. For sure, we'll see -- I mean as you know, these things go in cycles of the early work and then you get the buildout. And we also have some of the -- as Bren mentioned earlier, we have a fair amount of logic that's trailing that continues to be the investment. 
But on leading edge, sure, we'll see early -- and already in those conversations about that early capability. And that will be of course, our leading edge tools. Not as many early on, but that's really in the debugging phase of that.

It really -- it is true. I mean that trend is true. It's especially true when there's fewer -- there's less innovation. I think the difference now on the leading edge is what EUV has done, is brought back scaling. And so that was really more pronounced in a period where we had that long gap where there was no EUV. There was not another lithography technology for several years. And so that really exacerbated that trend. 
So the 2 other factors now, you've got additional designs, which is kind of a surprise from where maybe the world was a while ago. And then you have multiple players trying to -- so the phase of that is different, where you have different players trying to cut in. And since there's a leader and then the other folks are behind, that gives another wave at a different location. 
So I think the net of all that is it tends to be more sustainable. Plus, we have more products that are more tied to production. An example would be overlay, which is much more correlated to production and the number of layers that get measured at overlay doesn't really decrease that much now given the challenges. So you don't have that same reduced sampling and reduce the number of tools in some of these product areas as we might have had in the past.

Yes. Sure. I mean think about the worst-case scenario for us is there's 1 device made by 1 person, right? And they dial that process in and they lock it in for 3 years, and they don't change anything, right? That would be the worst-case because, as you know, what they really want to do is dial in the process, get everything under control and have it be just ramp and then not pay any attention, let the thing run, have all the CPKs in line. 
So the other end of that continuum is lots of process designs. What's interesting about foundry is they don't force one process. In fact, part of their selling proposition is you have multiple process flows through a foundry. So if you look -- you can publicly go do this and look at TSMC. You can pick tons of different process flows, which that means is the large number of change. 
The other thing that we've seen, the reverse trend in the last few years is you have hyperscalers, data center people designing their own chips, because they want to have an advantage in their own design. So you have a lot of customers, we have -- our customers' customer traditionally is far greater than it used to be, which is why there's so many designs happening at advanced nodes, when the view was, at some point, that it was going to keep restricting the number of designs. 
That's not what's happened. So that creates more and more flow of process and change, and the need to manage that is all upside. So we're really excited when we started seeing the number of relevant designs become more and more successful because that's a factor that favors process control in order for people to be successful at producing those. Does that make sense?