Thank you, Ed. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Leading off with the December quarter highlights. KLA-Tencor reported another record quarter, delivering new quarterly highs in shipments, revenues, gross margin, non-GAAP earnings per share in the period. Full year results for calendar 2017 also set records in each of these metrics as well as in free cash flow generation. These outstanding results demonstrate the dedication that runs throughout our organization to serving our customers and delivering results to our stockholders as well as the long-term value generated in successful execution of the company's strategic objectives. I'd like to take this opportunity to highlight some of the dynamics underlying our record performance and the momentum we are experiencing in the marketplace today.  
I will begin with the orders for our optical inspection products, including both patterned and unpatterned wafer inspection, which grew 18% in calendar 2017, following 11% growth in 2016. Total optical inspection revenue grew to record levels for the second consecutive year in 2017. The same expansion we are experiencing in these core markets for KLA-Tencor are partially driven by strong customer acceptance of 3 of our major patterned inspection systems: GEN 5, our flagship broadband plasma inspection platform, is being deployed by customers across all segments and is solving their most critical defect and yield challenges. The ramp of GEN 5 is performing to our expectations and we are seeing an increasing number of layers implemented for production, for advanced logic and memory devices. In addition, the GEN 4 broadband plasma inspection platform and the Puma laser scanning platforms continue to provide the most cost-effective wafer inspection performance to meet current yield and quality production requirements. 
Additionally, our unpatterned or bare wafer inspection and metrology products are also experiencing record demand today. Wafer manufacturers have been adding new process control capability to meet strong wafer demand, while IC customers are adding new bare wafer products to support more stringent wafer flatness and processed tool cleanliness specifications in a greater number of layers for advanced technologies. 
Next, KLA-Tencor is playing an enabling role in bringing EUV lithography technology to market by collaborating with every EUV customer to accelerate technology development and yield learning for critical wafer and mask inspection applications. The process control applications inherent to EUV mainly lie in mask manufacturing and requalification, resist qualification and scanner control. These, along with the unique patterning and defectivity issues associated with the current EUV source technology present market opportunities that we believe KLA-Tencor is uniquely positioned to address with the most comprehensive suite of product technologies in the industry. 
We are already generating meaningful revenue from early adoption of EUV, and this new technology promises to be a positive catalyst for future growth of the advanced process control market and as the market leader for KLA. 
And finally, growth in China. Investment in the Chinese semiconductor industry is currently driving an inflection in demand for the global wafer fab equipment market, and the China buildout is expected to be a major factor underlying industry growth for years to come. As the leader in process control, KLA-Tencore's market position in China is strong, both in terms of customer share and in adoption. Orders from native Chinese customers nearly tripled in 2017, and this strong momentum is expected to continue into 2018. 
In conclusion, KLA-Tencore's December quarter and calendar 2017 results demonstrate the company's innovation and technology leadership. We are operating from a position of strength as we embark on another year of expected growth and strong stockholder returns. Looking ahead to 2018, given our record backlog levels and the strong momentum we are experiencing in the marketplace today, revenue growth is expected to be in the high single digits for the year and is positioned to outperform overall WFE industry growth. 
As always, KLA-Tencore's strong relative performance will be fueled by our market leadership, the critical nature of process control and our customer success and our continued focus on operations execution. The stage is set to build on the momentum and record performance delivered in calendar 2017 and deliver what we expect to be another exciting year of growth in 2018. 
I will now turn the call over to Bren Higgins for his comments. Bren?

Sure. We've seen, as you know, Farhan, the GEN 5 has really been the tool we've been deploying for leading edge, really, across the board with our customers in terms of advanced memory, both in NAND with also in DRAM but also in advanced logic, and we've seen good adoption of that. As we said in the prepared remarks, we continue to see development being -- leveraging the capabilities of GEN 5. And that product has a lot of legs. As you know, that was recently introduced and there's quite a road map for that. So customers definitely want the coverage capable of only really delivered by GEN 5, and they want to have -- continue to be able to leverage optical, just the price performance relative to e-beam. There is a place for e-beam. There's been a place for e-beam for many years, and we suspect that will continue. But on a relative basis, we had a record year in optical wafer inspection in 2017 and we expect that to continue in 2018.

Harlan, great question. As is typical, when we introduce a new tool depending on the particular user and their ability to understand the value and to leverage it, some of the early users tend to deploy first in production. We are seeing it production on some layers. There are typically the more critical layers where providers have pronounced benefit from capabilities they have before. We have had recent customer experience where they're now able to detect in-line defects that they, before, can only see end of line as they were missed by prior optical tools and also not detectable by e-beam. So those tools are being deployed in line. It really -- it's in both logic and memory structures, perhaps a little more surprising with some of the memory applications that we have seen. So we're encouraged by those signs and we fully expect that to continue.

Sure. The Teron isn't really used for print check, it's used for the mask development, so, and that's -- we're seeing great demand for that across a number of players simply because of the increased activity in terms of EUV mask production. So that's really the workhorse right now for the industry in terms of for the mask shop. And we have had a lot of interest in multi-beam. I do think customers, as they contemplate high volume, they're going to work through, I think, a couple of scenarios. The most likely is there'll be some level of e-beam inspection and there'll be print check inspection. And the print check were well-suited to support that with the GEN 5 platform. And there's a lot of interest, as I said, in the multi-beam, and we've got heavy customer engagements on that front. But as we said when we first started discussing that tool, that's still a ways out. I think that we will intercept the market when it's needed in terms of volume. Right now, it's really people preparing for volume down the road.

A couple things, I think -- it is true, first of all, that those businesses happened to be very strong when there's a reinvestment cycle. But there's a couple of -- into new technology, and that can be driven by a couple things but one is the volume, of course, drives it. And the other one is when there are new specs relative to -- particularly based on design rules. The other thing we're seeing is flatness market growing. An acquisition we did years ago is doing very well inside the bare wafer market to measure wafer flatness. And that's being driven a lot by additional requirements driven in part by 3D NAND. And so we're seeing new specs driving new tool purchases in addition to the traditional drivers of volume and sensitivity.

Sure. Yes, absolutely one of the main drivers is the push for AI and also the high performance computing just in general as a category. And we are seeing -- it plays really out in a couple places for us. One, it drives additional designs, which drives mask, which drives our mask business, so we are seeing benefits. And then in the fab, the additional complexity of those very advanced chips drives everything about complexity including defectivity requirements because of larger dye and also the metrology requirements associated with it. So it is a positive inflection for us overall, and it's going to be multiple foundries as well, not just in one. So there are other players in that. So we expect that to be something that continues to drive the need for process control as we go forward.

Well, certainly the percentage of tooling, as Bren mentioned, we're not really customer dependent on gross margin as we are mixed. But as the process gets more complex, the mix of customer use case tends to go toward the more advanced tools. So sure, we would see a benefit in terms of our overall profitability and business level based on advanced devices of any kind pushing demand forward. So yes, absolutely, it's a driver for us.

Great question. And the answer is there's more opportunity and there's 2 ways for us to address that. One is continued and even more deployment of the existing tools, which I don't think will drive intensity significantly higher, if that's all we do. But we do have new tools in the pipeline to address 3D NAND and when those come online, and they're going to be in support of these advanced technologies, then we can actually drive increased adoption based on the use cases. There are more problems in 3D NAND, metrology and defectivity, than we can solve right now. And if we can bring the new tools out and get those in, and those are something that we're targeting for -- in the next 12 to 24 months having -- start to make an impact on the market. So yes, that will drive intensity up.

Sure. I think that the foundry capital intensity ranges depending on where we are in the cycle and the customer, but it's somewhere in the order of 15% to 17%. We see upside to that, if we can provide more capability as we discussed earlier in 3D NAND. There are problems that are unsolved in terms of foundry and especially as we get the EUV. So we think that'll tend toward the high end of that range. And customers, of course, are going to try to optimize their investment and try to minimize their investment in capital and in process control. So we are constantly showing that we have -- creating value for them and then we share that value in terms of the way we deploy in the market. So I think as we're modeling it forward, it continues to be in that 15% to 17% range.