Thanks, Kevin, and thank you for joining us today and for your interest in KLA. As we reflect on the accomplishments of 2020, it's important for me to first appreciate and acknowledge the global KLA team. Your perseverance, drive to be better and determination enabled KLA to rise to the challenge and deliver for our customers. 2020 was like no other year we have seen. And while our teams have not been physically together for the most part, our company continues to demonstrate the great KLA culture of collaboration and innovation and is emerging stronger than ever.
In the process, we delivered exceptionally strong financial results in the December quarter, closing a strong year for the company. In our shareholder letter published today, we articulate how KLA's record results are driven by success on multiple fronts, including the resourcefulness of our global workforce, the resiliency of our business model and our commitment to returning value to our shareholders.
As most of you have already seen from our results, 2020 was an impressive year for KLA on multiple fronts. We delivered strong growth, profitability and free cash flow while continuously adjusting to the changing work environments driven by COVID. Through it all, we remain focused on meeting customer demand and delivering strong return to shareholders in the rapidly growing semiconductor market.
Bren will have much more to highlight on the financials for both the quarter and the year, but I'd like to hit on a few of the annual milestones. For the year, KLA revenue grew 15% to $6.1 billion, marking the fifth consecutive year of growth. We also delivered notable profitability growth with non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP earnings per share increasing 28% and 32%, respectively year-over-year. Our free cash flow grew 44% to $1.8 billion, and we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
In the December quarter, we saw diversified strength across each of our segments. Semiconductor Process Control revenue was once again above plan. The Electronics, Packaging and Components group met its target. And our Services business continued and delivered another quarter of growth and strong operating leverage.
We ended the year with strong backlog, setting the stage for double-digit growth in 2021 as we continue to execute at a high level. We're operating from a position of strength in our marketplace. And given the accelerated growth of our served markets, we remain solidly on track to meet and likely exceed our 2023 financial targets. All this reflects the dedication of our global teams and the enabling role KLA plays in our customers' technology road maps and enhancing their return on capital investment.
Moving to today's demand environment, which continues to demonstrate accelerated adoption of several semiconductor and electronics industry growth drivers that we've been highlighting for the past few years, technology continues to transform how we live and work. And the data-driven economy is fundamentally changing how businesses operate and deliver value.
This digital transformation is enabling secular demand drivers such as high-performance computing, artificial intelligence and rapid growth in new automotive electronics and 5G communications markets. Each of these secular trends are driving investment and innovation and advanced memory and logic semiconductor devices as well as new and increasingly more complex advanced packaging and PCB technologies. With our market leadership in Process Control and growth and expansion to new markets like specialty semiconductor process equipment, PCB and finished die inspection in our EPC group, KLA is essential to enabling our increasingly digital world.
As much as things have changed over the past year, one thing that's remained constant is our KLA operating model. KLA operating model is the enduring framework that we rely on to guide the execution of our long-term strategic objectives. We deploy the KLA operating model to align the company on a consistent strategy, tie accountability to results, drive product development execution, respond to changing market conditions and facilitate continuous improvement, while ensuring the company operates with strong fiscal discipline as we pursue our long-term performance and profitability objectives.
Let's turn now to 5 top highlights for our -- and our results for the quarter and for 2020. First, we saw continued strength and breadth in foundry/logic demand in the quarter. As expected, memory demand also grew as memory customers plan for growth and equipment investment in 2021 to meet improving end demand. We expect higher business levels across a broader set of customers in the March quarter, with demand momentum continuing throughout 2021 across our major end markets. The strength in demand we're seeing reflects KLA's essential role in supporting our customers' drive to innovate and continue to invest in future technology nodes.
Second, we're seeing strong momentum in the marketplace for new products, driving market growth and share opportunities in both the Semiconductor Process Control and EPC groups. Fueled by expanded customer investment in EUV lithography, the Semiconductor Process Control business is driving adoption with new applications in optical inspection portfolio, such as EUV print check for GEN5, and expanding our share in new markets for KLA, including the eSL10 e-beam inspection
Platform and the nascent use of x-ray technologies for metrology applications.
Third, our Services revenue grew to $1.56 billion or 25% of total sales in 2020. This is driven by growth in our installed base, higher utilization rate and increasing expansion of Service opportunities in the trailing edge and in the EPC group. The strong results delivered in 2020 show how the Services team continues to do a fantastic job leveraging the KLA operating model to deliver at a high level. Working in close collaboration with customers and partners, the Services business innovated and drove new initiatives against the unprecedented challenges of COVID. Not only did our Services business received praise from our customers, but also grew share of wallet. And we've seen our contact penetration steadily increase in 2020 from 70% to 75% plus, which fuels recurring revenue streams and generate strong operating leverage and cash flows.
Fourth, this was a very encouraging year for the newly established EPC group, demonstrating success in KLA's growth strategies and highlighting how execution of the KLA operating model drives market leadership and improved operating leverage in acquired businesses. Revenue growth was strong, and we believe that on a net basis will exceed our $50 million annual acquisition cost synergy target by at least another additional $30 million. With EPC, KLA is now providing a more comprehensive and broader product portfolio and addressing fast-growing new markets in the electronics value chain, such as RF, automotive, 5G wireless connectivity and display. Relative to the adoption of 5G, KLA has exposure to many key components in the electronics value chain as well. The EPC group ended the year with record backlog, setting the stage for double-digit growth in 2021 and for incremental operating margins on that growth in line with the total company model.
Finally, in keeping with our commitment to deliver strong and predictable capital returns to our shareholders, in the December quarter, we repurchased $177 million of common stock and paid $140 million in dividends. Back in July, KLA's Board of Directors authorized the 11th consecutive annual dividend increase to a yearly run rate of $3.60 per share. Since inception in 2006, KLA's dividend payout has grown at a CAGR of approximately 15%. In 2020, KLA returned $1.23 billion to shareholders or 70% of free cash flow.
Before Bren gets into the greater detail of our financial highlights, let me briefly summarize, despite the disruption and unforeseen challenges that persisted throughout the year associated with COVID, KLA has benefited from the resourcefulness of its global workforce, we've adapted well and we end 2020 in a position of strength while delivering record results and set the stage for the sixth consecutive year of growth.
KLA is exceptionally well positioned at the forefront of technology innovation with a comprehensive portfolio of products to meet the demanding customer requirements, which balance sensitivity and throughput. The semiconductor and electronics landscape is constantly changing, and we're seeing broadening customer interest which is being applied to more technology innovation than ever before at leading edge.
We believe the secular factors driving industry demand that we identified at our last Investor Day are even more relevant now than they were then, and this will help us to meet and likely exceed our 2023 financial targets. At the same time, our strategy of driving diversified growth with strong long-term operating leverage should provide consistent capital returns to our shareholders.
And with that, I'll pass the call over to Bren.

Sure. I think that there -- if you think about DRAM, what they've really been pushing on, and it's very difficult, as you know, to do it, is to continue scaling. And we do think that there's going to be some EUV that comes in. But there's no question that there's scaling happening. And of course, that drives more process control intensity. The other thing that's pretty clear in DRAM is the overlay requirements continue to get more and more challenging. So we're seeing increased -- trying to understand of how to squeeze more capability out of the lithography sets that they've got.
And then we do see some, as I say, EUV adoption. So we think there'll be incrementally more focus on our more advanced optical inspection tools to be able to support that. So that's what we're seeing as a trend. It's not necessarily, obviously, as EUV-heavy as what we'd see in foundry/logic, but there is some element of EUV in there.
Does that answer your question, Patrick?

Yes, C.J., nicely done. Those are not related at all, those 2 questions, as you know. But I will take them. The first one, no, we don't see any slowdown in the EUV impact if the delays that were outlined by ASML in terms of the demand for GEN5. If anything, it's kind of gone the other way.
What's happened in the last few months is I think the realization that some of the yield challenges associated with EUV are best addressed by having more GEN5 capacity. And so we're actually maxed out and trying to ramp that in order to support it. So we have very strong GEN5. We don't see any delay in that. And we have a lot of conversations with customers about our ability to support that.
In terms of Orbotech, in terms of that, it's a complicated business overall to aggregate, and so we don't really see anything -- any signs of concern. We do see continued growth in that business. We feel good about where we set out our plans for 2023 in terms of the original model that we outlaid at the Investor Day, and we're on track to meet or exceed those. So we feel good about it. We'll have to see. This is a little bit newer for us to understand the dynamics of the Orbotech business, but we feel good about the signs that we're seeing. And as we said, we ended with a strong backlog coming out of 2020. So we feel really good about this year.

Yes. John, I think, as you know, since we're a little more dependent on technology transition than we are to volume, our answer is a little different because it has more to do with the migration and the yield challenges associated with advanced nodes. And what we see that is a pretty steady commitment toward additional capability to drive next generation, and we're seeing that from multiple players.
So I think like a lot of things in this industry, KLA's exposure is -- there's less variability in it based on that fact. And so the volume considerations associated with CapEx impact us less than that.
And maybe Bren can give some color on how that looks for the -- as we go out through the year.

Yes. I think that the differences are pretty slight in terms of what the drivers are. It's actually different products that are getting impacted. So if you think about DRAM, we're more -- obviously, scaling is more of a factor there. And so you'll see more of what we're doing in terms of whether it's GEN5. You don't really see that and what's going on in NAND, but you do have some of the new products. We talked about the x-ray technology is really more applicable to that, some of the challenges associated with metrology and even how it impacts our bare wafer business, our Surfscan business because the flatness requirements and the cleanliness for wafers for NAND really get exacerbated when you think about the kind of verticality of those dimensions are going through and the stress that puts on the semiconductor producer for them to be able to manage the yield.
So they're different. I think the intensity at this point is slightly higher in the NAND than in the DRAM, but they're both kind of increasing at similar amounts.

Just to add to it, I mean, the one other factor is the tools that are being shipped today, the complexity is such that if you think about a car analogy, it's pretty hard to service a car today. 15 years ago, it might have been different. And so you think about, over time, the complexity and the associated, more and more of our systems end up having more and more custom design parts throughout the system, and it just becomes more economical to rely on us.
And then there's no question that in service model, customer benefits from having a contract over the long term. They take the risk out of episodic events and they have more reliability of uptime.
So I agree with Bren. I think it goes up over time, but nothing moves particularly fast in the services world, given the size of the installed base. So it takes a little time for that number to keep creeping up. But we're firmly convinced and committed to driving it.

Harlan, I think it kind of -- there's kind of 2 ways to answer it. What were the end drivers for it? And what were the products? And I say that because EUV really drove a lot of our BBP performance, but it isn't necessarily the only thing BBP is used for. So we feel good about how we finished up the year. As you said, we gained share and we feel like we held it. We'll see what the final numbers come out. But remember, at Investor Day, we were modeling a slower growth in share than what we're actually seeing. So we feel really good about where we are in terms of the BBP adoption and had a very strong year in optical inspection in calendar '20.
As you shift to '21, we feel like we're well positioned to continue to build on the share gains or process control adoption gains that we had, again, based as much on end demand as some products that are coming to market that will continue to build that, plus continued adoption. The optical inspection strength is really remarkable, and we feel good about how we're positioned there.
So I think that you're right. We gained more in '19 than in 2020. We held our gains, maybe built on it a little. And I think we're positioned to continue that trajectory as we go towards our '23 plan, but certainly for '21. That's the way the year is lining up. That's the way our build plans look right now.

Sure, Harlan. Great question. We do feel good about where we're positioned. And as you know, I think we're fully integrated now and feel really good about the message we have for our customers. I mentioned in prepared remarks, we feel good about the progress we've made on the synergies.
We have seen the target that we laid out in 2023. We're on track. But to your point, and Bren mentioned it, FPD will be down in calendar '21, which means -- and we think, overall, the rest of the business, if you take out FPD, probably be up closer to 15%. So -- and FPD was relatively weak in '20.
So the parts of the business that were, I think, the most levered to in terms of advanced packaging and a lot of the work that's going on, where we have overlap with some of our existing front end customers really a lot of good progress. And as you know, Oreste is running that. I think he's confident that we can build on our success as we go forward based on the interactions that we're having with customers. We feel good about specialty. PCB has been great, and we've been really happy with the work that's going on in the packaging, inspection, the ICOS businesses.
So those 3 are really hitting it and feel really good about it. I also mentioned we're seeing the same operating margin leverage. Obviously, those are lower profitability businesses, but they have the same leverage in the operating model as the rest of KLA. So we feel good about that as well.

Yes. It's really related, Quinn, to the optical inspection in GEN4, GEN5. So it's not just what we're seeing in GEN5. But GEN5 is certainly where we're seeing the increased application around specifically supporting EUV. And there -- that's -- we laid out that thesis at Investor Day. We haven't really seen it at that time that we thought the print check. So when customers will print down the EUV and they'll validate that image, that was going to be an application we believe there was a big market requirement for it. That's proving to be true, and that's driving a lot of the business success going forward.
The other thing that's happening, of course, as EUV is becoming more prevalent than just in general, scaling matters more, smaller defects, and that pushes the mix toward more GEN5 than perhaps would have been GEN4. So we're benefiting from both of those trends, new applications, additional scaling.
All right. We appreciate everybody's time and interest, and I'll pass the call back over to Priscilla to go ahead.