Thank you, Kevin, and welcome to KLA. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's call. I'll start with a brief strategic overview before I cover the business highlights from the quarter. 
Please turn to Slide 4. KLA continues to see strong momentum in our business from the secular trends we articulated at our recent September 17 Investor Day. Our performance this quarter clearly demonstrates how KLA is benefiting from our strategies for growth, technology, leadership and operational excellence. We delivered another solid quarter, with revenue in both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS finishing above the range of guidance, a result of strong customer pull for KLA's solutions and focused execution, despite a backdrop that still includes some industry headwinds in key segments.
As a global leader in process control and supplier of process-enabling solutions for the data era, KLA remains at the forefront of the most important industry trends and technology inflections in the electronics industry. Our deep collaborative customer relationships, broad IP portfolio and differentiated solutions that address our customers' most complex challenges is the recipe that sustains our market leadership. Our business also continues to benefit from more complexity within semiconductor devices as well as multiple mega trends driving demand across multiple product generations in numerous key industries. 
Please turn to Slide 5. Underpinning our success and consistent outperformance is the KLA operating model, which codifies our corporate values and management principles. We have been running the company this way for a long time, but we discussed it much more extensively at our recent Investor Day to better illustrate its power and impact on the KLA business and explain how it represents critical core competencies that we believe can enhance the long-term performance and profitability of acquired businesses. The KLA operating model is essential to align the company on a consistent strategy and execution, heightened accountability and facilitate continuous improvement, while ensuring we always operate with strong financial discipline and rigor.
Please turn to Slide 6. Strategically, we have 4 objectives that serve as our guide and drive our high-performance culture. I also spoke about this extensively at our recent Investor Day, but it's worth reinforcing for those who couldn't attend. These 4 objectives are: market leadership, product differentiation, operational excellence, and attracting and developing talent. We run all our businesses, including acquired ones, with a focus on these key 4 objectives, and it shows in our overall results published today.
Please turn to Slide 7 for the September quarter business highlights. Before I cover the business highlights for the quarter, I'd like to provide some high-level perspective on the current industry environment. The long-term growth opportunity for the semiconductor markets remains compelling, driven by the proliferation of electronics across more diversified end markets, the introduction of new advanced technologies supporting 5G and artificial intelligence, growing semiconductor investment in China and continued device and process innovation to deliver superior performance and return on investment. 
KLA's strong results are primarily driven by demand momentum we see due to support, both development and capacity growth in advanced logic. The demand to support advanced logic nodes is expected to remain healthy through the balance of 2019 and into 2020, driven by investment in EUV, competitive dynamics and capacity additions. Given the recent news of increased CapEx investments in 2019 at leading-edge logic and better-than-expected demand from domestic memory customers in China, our outlook for WFE investment in 2019 has improved since our initial view for the year. We now expect WFE levels to decline by approximately 10% to 15% in 2019, with KLA's Semi Process Control business, inclusive of our guidance today, outperforming the broad semiconductor capital equipment market and growing modestly compared to 2018. 
Now let me cover some of the product highlights from the quarter. KLA's market leadership is evidence of the successful execution of our portfolio strategy focused on differentiation to address our customers' most critical challenges. We're happy with our product positioning and the strong customer acceptance we are experiencing across our portfolio. We continue to see accelerated growth of our flagship Gen5 optical inspection platform, with customers now deploying Gen5 for both technology development and production monitoring at the advanced nodes. Driven by this expanded use case, we expect Gen5 shipments to double in 2019 and adoption to continue to grow in 2020, as customers are under intense pressure to ramp quickly, and KLA's advanced optical inspection platform is on the critical path to their success.
The accelerating adoption of EUV and increased investment in leading-edge foundry and logic will continue to drive strong Gen5 demand in the near term. Also, at last month's Investor Day, we announced the first new EBEAM inspection platform in several years. I'm pleased to report that we're receiving very positive feedback from our early customers related to the initial tool performance. KLA's differentiated EBEAM inspection platform works with Gen5 optical inspection platform with seamless connectivity to offer customers the best inspection performance combination at the lowest overall cost of ownership to identify and detect yield killer defects at the most advanced nodes.
Demand for mask inspection continues to be a highlight for KLA. In the September quarter, we saw a continuation of the momentum we have experienced over the past several quarters and better-than-expected demand in the September quarter helping to contribute to the revenue upside we experienced in the quarter. We're seeing strong demand from leading foundries for our Teron mask inspection platform for optical and EUV applications and expect this to continue as customers ramp their advanced technology road maps.
And finally, KLA Service business continues to deliver excellent revenue growth performance, while simultaneously generating record free cash flow. Semi Process Control service revenue is on track to top $1 billion in 2019, with over 70% of the revenue generated from subscription-like service contracts. This gives us high confidence that this business can deliver long-term revenue growth rates in the range of 9% to 11%. Several factors drive growth in our Service businesses, including increased complexity of our systems, expansion of the installed base and extended demand at the trailing edge nodes. With high fab utilization in foundry and logic and stable or bottoming in memory, our customers are also looking for opportunities to enhance productivity and extend the life of their installed base. As a result, we see robust service contract penetration, and our Service business is providing a steady recurring revenue stream to our business.
Please turn to Slide 8. In summary, the KLA operating model drives our investment thesis. This is accomplished by driving sustained technology leadership with a strong competitive moat, supported by a track record of free cash flow generation and capital return. Despite near-term headwinds and the industry demand environment centered on the timing of memory capacity investment, KLA continues to execute exceptionally well and deliver healthy relative revenue and earnings growth. Our focus on driving innovation and providing a steady stream of differentiated products and solutions, sets the stage for growth in 2020 and positions KLA to achieve the long-term growth targets we established in our September Investor Day.
2019 is turning out to be a banner year for KLA, showcasing the enduring value created by the successful execution of our strategic objectives. Looking to 2020 and beyond, we're very excited about our prospects for growth and market leadership, building on the momentum we've established in our process control markets and capitalizing on the market expansion opportunities from the Orbotech acquisition. We remain impressed with the Orbotech team and excited by market opportunities and technology leadership. Our integration and product synergy programs are on track and progressing well.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bren for his commentary on the September quarter financial results and our December quarter outlook. Bren?

Sure, John. Thanks for the question. Yes, I think if I thought about Gen5 right now and you want to use baseball, it's the third inning. It's relatively early in the life. We're now on the second iteration of that product in terms of a new platform, and there are several iterations to follow. Engineering is being dedicated to that, but we're now starting to see broad adoption and really the beginning of adoption in production, where what we really had been dealing with for the most part, in the last couple of years, was during the development cycle. So we're still early on, and we think it will become a primary tool. We always thought it would become the HVM tool once we got to EUV in ramping in production, and it definitely feels like it's doing that. The upside to that is, we've seen more memory adoption in the Gen5 than we originally anticipated. So that's probably upside to what we had originally envisioned.

Yes, CJ, I'll take the question, and then Bren will add some color to it as well. It's not very broad right now. I think that the foundry/logic is -- it's not particularly broad. We expect it to broaden out next year in '20 as it expands. In terms of reuse, there are a couple of dynamics that are quite different from the prior cycles. One is the just very large number of starts -- design starts. So there's a lot of demand being driven by the fact there are so many different devices that are being introduced at these advanced nodes. So we don't suspect that there will be that much. The other thing is, we have new product cycle, which are really adding lot of capabilities. So obviously, customers are always trying to optimize their capital, and we'll see them be as efficient as possible. But we don't expect a repeat in the way we've seen it in some of the prior cycles. And that's based on our early returns and also some of the additional challenges, the advanced nodes are pushing, even without broad EUV. And once you broaden out EUV, you get even more of that.

Yes. And just to add to Bren's point, what happened in '19 also was penetration across almost every customer, major customer, in terms of the early evaluation and use so that sets up the case for the longer run. But that was really a proliferation year for '19, where we got it out and established in all the leading jobs.

Right. Well, obviously, we're newer to that business. But as we spend more time with the team and spend more time with customers, it does -- it is well positioned to grow. And as you've pointed out, we had some headwinds that happened in '19, but still managed to get some traction. '20 looks like a good year for SPTS. And our current modeling of it, based on what we see for the, as you say for RF supporting 5G, it looks like a, hopefully, a 10% to 20% range of growth for that business as we go into next year. So we feel good about it, and we're continuing to learn more about those customers.

Sure, Tim. Well, it is true that we had strength, as we mentioned, and you're -- half-on-half considerable strength, but really not in a lot of customers. There are other customers that will broaden out in next year, and so we feel pretty good about how we're positioned. We think that the actual mix between foundry and logic and memory for this year is about equivalent to what we see for next year and that's driving some of the capacity or the intensity that we're seeing. So we feel pretty good about next year. Obviously, we had a good second half to this year. But we're counting on some broadening. And again, some of what we're seeing this year is ordering that will actually have deliveries in next year. So we'll see some of the benefit of that revenue next year. 
Bren, do you want to add any color to that?

Yes. Process control intensity for EUV is higher than it is for non-EUV. In spite of the fact that there are fewer layers. I mean, obviously, the value of EUV is a reduction in layers. And so we would see that, that has some mitigating effect on the increased intensity around EUV, but you really get process control intensity in a couple of ways: one, you get it in a mask shop because you have to do more inspection to assure that you have a high-quality mask. And we're still, as an industry, trying to work out some of the challenges, pellicle, nonpellicle and getting mask to be good in the lifetime of the mask; the other thing is in print check to verify and validate that Bren mentioned in an earlier question, we see that as an opportunity and that's been driving process control intensity around Gen5. So overall, it's a plus for some of our businesses, it is a minus for some, but the net-net of it all is process control intensity ticks up in an EUV world as the industry goes forward. And on balance, it's a net positive for KLA.

Yes. I mean, it's early for memory. As you know, they're still trying to figure out what role EUV will play and how many layers, but that is definitely a driver for us in a positive sense, again, for the same reasons. You have the mask shop and you have on the wafer, and you have a reduction in layers counterbalancing it. I don't think it's a huge change in the intensity. It's a nudge up, but it's not a big change in the overall intensity, maybe on the order of, if you're going to be at an average of, say, 10% process control intensity, you might get 0.5 point to 1 point of increase in terms of overall process control intensity on that. So it depends, but it will depend how much it's deployed. And ultimately, it will also depend on what the strategy is relative to what people are going to do with pellicles or not do -- have pellicles. It will change a little bit in how it plays out for us.

Yes. And more specifically, I think on Huawei, if you thought about the reactions of the suppliers to Huawei was there was uncertainty when the -- they had first came in and trying to figure out, and I think everybody froze. So the baseball analogy would be there was a rain delay in terms of trying to figure out what the next step was. And now there is more activity going on in the supply chain. So we think that business ultimately comes back, but it was impacted probably more and longer in the year because just uncertainty around that. Now I think people are dealing with it and that will actually cause the business to resume its growth.

I think the main opportunity -- it's good question, Patrick. The main opportunity for inspection is really in what's happening on the bare wafer on Surfscan and dealing with the flatness requirements as the wafers get higher, both the cleanliness and flatness. So it may be less obvious at first. I mean, we've talked in the past about being hopeful about finding defects and deep trenches, but it's probably more flatness-driven and desire to have clean wafer. So that's where really been where we see it. Metrology has some opportunities. We talked about at the Analyst Day with the work we have on CD-SAXS, in terms of great opportunity there. But specifically for inspection, it's more about Surfscan.

Yes. I think that the -- there are a number of players that are small, maybe subscale, in terms of what you think of it as the larger. So there's actually some inefficiency in that supply chain if you're starting smaller companies in terms of trying to support for a strategic region -- reason. So that, kind of, creates additional demand for us and we're benefiting from that. Also, I think that as they're trying to figure out some of these capabilities, then there's opportunity for us to help them and that drives both good share but also good intensity. And then lastly, I think the move for auto, as China is an important auto market, there are more Specialty Semiconductors and there's more opportunity for us there as a result.

Yes. I guess what I would add to that is we feel pretty good about understanding our position relative to WFE. We're not in a great position to predict WFE. Does that make sense?