Thanks, Kevin.
Before getting into KLA's results in more detail, I want to acknowledge and thank the global KLA team. Their perseverance and drive to be better remains at the center of our consistent execution and outperformance. You have remained focused despite challenging macro and supply chain conditions as our high-performing teams that drove KLAs indispensability to customers, resulting in additional process control market share growth for the recently ended year. 
KLA's March quarter results demonstrate strong execution across multiple areas of our business in a persistently challenging supply chain environment, delivering revenue, GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share above the midpoint of the guidance ranges for the quarter.  
We once again displayed strong execution across multiple areas of our business. Our focus on consistently meeting commitments and delivering on our long-term strategic objectives and financial targets is the hallmark for which KLA is known and the standard by which we measure our success. 
Customer demand across major product groups continues to build as secular trends drive broad-based growth across a range of markets and applications served by the semiconductor industry. This robust demand has been putting pressure on the industry's ability to supply semiconductors.  
Simultaneously, our leading-edge customers are increasing their strategic CapEx investment to improve their competitive positioning while addressing growth in markets that demand new leading-edge semiconductor capabilities. Against this rising demand backdrop, KLA has remained focused on responding to evolving customer needs and navigating supply chain challenges. 
Very important that KLA continues to operate with purpose and precision so we can create value for our customers, partners and shareholders by outperforming expectations. Our talented global teams both run and improve the KLA operating model and use it as a critical guide to rise to the challenges and opportunities of the evolving marketplace.  
The market leader in process control, one of the fastest-growing segments of the overall WFE market, KLA remains in a position of strength when we look at the industry demand landscape. Semiconductor industry has evolved to be more significantly strategic and has an increasingly less cyclical end-market mix, with many fundamental drivers advancing the critical nature of semiconductors throughout the global economy.  
Factors such as the continuing advancement of technology at the leading edge, increasing investment in legacy nodes, and innovation and growth of new enabling technologies such as advanced packaging, are fueling long-term growth for the semiconductor industry and for equipment and capabilities that make it possible.  
Despite persistent supply challenges and macro headwinds, our outlook for the WFE industry this year remains intact, albeit with an expectation for a stronger second half than anticipated in January. We expect WFE demand to top $100 billion this calendar year, making it the third consecutive year of double-digit growth.  
KLA's expected growth in calendar 2022 will mark the seventh consecutive year of growth. This sustained strength in customer demand is happening in an environment of increasing momentum for process control where KLA's market leadership has strengthened further, and our market share results remain 4x our nearest competitor.  
KLA's expanding lead is the result of our #1 market position in some of the fastest-growing segments in WFE that have a market size greater than $1 billion in terms of annual revenue. We attribute KLA's strengthening market leadership to our ongoing successful execution of the company's customer-focused strategies, including investing at a high level to drive differentiation with a unique portfolio of products and technologies that address the most critical process control challenges in the marketplace and help our customers drive their growth strategy.
We're pleased to see the success of our strategies validated by our customers' purchasing decisions and reflected in the April 2022 Gartner market share report, showing KLA's market leadership advancement. This emphasizes the power of the portfolio strategy we employ. 
The recently published Gartner market share report shows process control was one of the fastest-growing segments of WFE in 2021, growing 43% in the year to $10.4 billion. KLA's share of process control grew approximately 1 percentage point to over 54% and has increased over 3 percentage points since 2018 and remains greater than 4x our nearest competitor across all regions.
Within process control, the optical inspection market grew to approximately $2.5 billion in annual sales, outpacing WFE by 40%, and our share of this market remained above 80%. Other highlights demonstrate the power of KLA's portfolio strategy in delivering strong growth in other critical process control markets, including metrology, macro inspection and very strong growth in e-beam review. 
Turning now to the top 5 highlights for the March 2022 quarter. First, KLA's market leadership in some of the most critical and fastest-growing markets in WFE continues to fuel growth. We remain nimble and innovative in addressing global supply challenges to meet customer requirements and our financial targets.
Foundry and Logic, simultaneous investments across multiple nodes and rising capital intensity remain a tailwind. In memory, demand is broad-based across multiple customers.
Second, our optical metrology business stood out in the March quarter, driven by KLA's market leadership and increasing customer adoption of market applications and leading-edge technology development and capacity monitoring. Optical metrology market is strongly leveraged to EUV and critical next-generation architectures, including gate-all-around and multi-stack 160-plus layer 3D NAND. This was further illustrated in the new Gartner market share report, which showed 50% growth in 2021.  
Third, KLA is intensifying our efforts in advanced packaging and automotive electronics, leveraging the combined portfolio of both the SPC and EPC groups. KLA is broadening our product portfolio and delivering a comprehensive suite of products and technologies that include wafer-level packaging and final assembly and test products for advanced packaging markets, and a portfolio of inspection systems and process tools designed to help customers achieve their 0 defect goals.  
These collaborations continue to grow with KLA recording our highest-ever customer engagement in terms of wafer inspection revenue for automotive applications in the March quarter.  
Fourth, services revenue was $488 million, up 14% year-over-year. The company tallied a record 349 installs in the March quarter, well above the previous high of 293. This was a remarkable achievement given travel restrictions in Asia, lockdowns related to COVID-19 and complexities related to the supply -- current supply environment.  
Service revenue is consistently outperforming the 9% to 11% long-term growth target, driven by growing installed base, increasing customer adoption of long-term service agreements, higher utilization rates, and expansion of service opportunities in the legacy nodes.  
Finally, the March quarter was another exceptional period from a free cash flow perspective. We generated quarterly free cash flow of $719 million for 23% year-over-year growth. We've also remained focused on returning capital to shareholders via our dividend and stock repurchase programs, both of which are up materially year-over-year, including a $565 million in quarterly share repurchases and an additional $159 million in dividends in the March quarter.  
Before passing the call over to Bren to review the financial highlights and guidance, let me summarize briefly. KLA's March quarter demonstrates sustained outperformance, highlighting the critical nature of KLA's products and services and enabling the digital transformation of our lives. Our consistent strong execution against significant challenges in the marketplace, both in terms of meeting rising demand and addressing persistent supply issues highlights the resiliency of the KLA operating model and our commitment to productive capital allocation.
KLA is exceptionally positioned at the forefront of technology innovation with a comprehensive portfolio of products to meet demanding customer requirements, balancing sensitivity and throughput. Semiconductor and electronics landscape are constantly changing, and we continue to see more customer interest driven by technology change than ever before at the leading edge.  
Simultaneously, the need for increasing performance and reliability requirements for legacy nodes to support evolving markets like automotive and 5G are also important to help deliver new capabilities. We believe KLA will continue to benefit from numerous secular growth factors that drive long-term industry demand. At the same time, our strategy of driving diversified growth with strong long-term operating leverage should provide durable free cash flow generation and consistent capital returns to our shareholders.  
And with that, I'll turn the call over to Bren.

Yes. Just to add a couple of things, Harlan. One is, of course, Gartner's data is revenue and the bookings picture is even stronger. So we're in really good shape in terms of that.
We've talked about the backlog and the demand that we have. So we'll continue to see share gain in terms of -- or strength of share in the segments that you outlined. Also, the new technologies that are coming offer more process control intensity opportunities.  
For example, high-k/metal gate, if you look at that, if you look at gate-all-around, the metrology, bigger die size, all those things are going to allow -- there would be more opportunity. And we have products in the queue as well as in the field that are going to take advantage of that. So we feel very well positioned.  
The biggest challenges we've talked about is satisfying demand, and that's related to -- we think we've done a really good job with supply chain, but there's more work to do there to continue to support our customers.

Yes, Harlan. So in terms of the systems part of EPC, we're somewhere close to 20% is our expectation for the year. Obviously, we'll have to see how that plays out. That tends to be a little bit of a shorter lead time business and have some parts of its markets that are a little bit more sensitive to some of the consumer dynamics.
But in general, we expect to see about a 20% growth there. Now if you blend it with its service business, it will be in the high teens. That service business tends to grow a little bit slower than that.  
But you're right, over the last couple of years, on the systems side, we've been in that 20% range. And it hasn't gotten as much of a play as -- given the strength of our semi process control business. But we're pleased with where we're going directionally there. And we'll have more to say about the longer-term view at our Investor Day in mid-June.

Yes, C.J, it's a great question. Right now, blended lead times, and they're blended across right products and the revenue value of the composition of the backlog, but it's well over a year now in terms of where lead times are. Obviously, certain product lines are longer than that. We're slotting certain product lines now today out into 2024. So there's quite a bit of demand for some of the products.
And given the constraints we have around key components and the lead time for those components, it just pushes that -- those lead times out. So overall, we've seen it trend up here. And as I said in the prepared remarks, as we go through the year, I continue to expect to see demand exceeding supply. So I would expect lead times to probably increase a little bit as we move over the course of the year.

Well, our guidance implies a risk-adjusted assessment of where we're at. Obviously, there's always some unknowns about that, both from a supply point of view, which we feel pretty good about, but also more so from just can we get access to customers, can we get tools installed, can we get acceptances done and so on.
We've contemplated that in the guidance we've given. We do have an expectation of seeing some opening begin in the, call it, sort of the middle of May. If things drift out further than that or there's a significant expansion of lockdown activity, it could have more of an impact. 
But we -- I think we've risk-adjusted it as best as we can. There's certainly some unknowns. But we feel pretty good about the guidance we provided.

Joe, it's Rick. It wasn't really -- it was much more about the impact to cost about when they're hired. We actually did quite well of hiring in Q1. It's just if they're not hired at the beginning of the quarter and we factored in the payroll for the whole quarter, we're on track for our hiring this year. 
And most of that had to do, frankly, more with some of the engineering work than it does the work that's associated with both operations and service, where you could potentially, if you didn't have the resources, see a shortfall for the year.  
But even then, it would just -- right now, we're trying to alleviate the teams who are doing a lot of overtime and trying to provide them some backfill. So none of our hiring challenges are affecting our ability to support the revenue for this year or next year. But we do want to get people in, and we've had good success, but it's more -- we're talking months as opposed to quarters or years behind.

Yes, good question, and one that -- obviously, we're excited about the EPC acquisition for exactly this. So I would say really, for EPC, even in earlier question we had about how we're doing and how we think about it, I really think of it in 3 stages. The first stage for EPC for KLA was to employ the operating model and how we run the businesses, and that was really what we did initially.  
The second stage was customer engagement. And because, as you say, some of these customers are bigger customers, have more complex problems. And they know KLA, they wanted to engage with us. So that's actually been going quite well, and we've been having a lot of discussions.  
But of course, then you get to the third part of that, which is technology leverage from the rest of KLA into EPC. And we're kind of in Phase 2 and Phase 3 now where we've been having those meetings. There are a lot of clear opportunities for us, and we're developing those solutions and rolling those out.
So I think that you'll see the leverage, the revenue synergy associated from the additional channel access and the needs and then the benefit of our technology as we go forward. That's really -- that's coming. We're going to talk more about that at the Analyst Day in June as we roll that out. But right now, huge opportunities, and we feel like we're just at time with that acquisition to be in a position to support them.

Yes. That's an interesting change in the dynamics of the industry. And that was really more isolated to one period in time than if you look at the overall history of the industry. And that was largely because there were not very many new starts on advanced nodes. There were primarily just a handful of customers, a handful of devices.
And so that reuse was something that happened when Moore's Law wasn't scaling. We're seeing very little reuse now, and there's a couple of reasons for that. One of the primary reasons is the number of starts, the broad-based number of devices that's being run on these nodes and the ability of more and more customers to support that. That means that our customers are running flat out those technology nodes as they're introducing new ones. 
So we're actually seeing kind of the opposite effect, if you will. We're seeing some capacity. Some of our sales are actually into ramps that historically we would have considered to be done. And they're actually buying tools, for example, for 7-nanometer right now. There's still some of that going on in spite of the new investment being advanced. 
So reuse is significantly down in terms of the amount. And that's a trend that our customers believe is going to continue is that it's going to be a focus on supporting that. And if you look at the overall semiconductor shortage in the world, you can imagine that, that's not something that they can really afford to do because they're running those old lines flat out, and we see that in our service business and the overall fabulization around the world.

Yes. Look, certainly, as the tools increase in complexity and the demand on uptime increases, it does create opportunities for us to drive a contract model, a subscription-like model with those customers. 
And so we do think there's some upside potential over time, and we'll talk a little bit about some of the longer-term drivers of our service business and its trajectory going forward at our Investor Day in June. 
But obviously, PCB at closer to 90%, it's hard to improve much on that, but I think that there's still some opportunity on the semi PC side given the dynamics I mentioned. 
One of the other opportunities we have in our acquired businesses is to try to drive more and higher attach on those tools in terms of service. And certainly, smaller players have a harder time having the infrastructure to be able to engage with customers to try to monetize that service business.
And so there's opportunities for us in our specialty semiconductor business, our flat panel business and some other smaller acquisitions we've done to drive more service opportunity. We'll have a lot more to say about it in June, but hopefully, that helps for now.

Yes. I think the whack-a-mole analogy is applicable here. It seems that as we work certain issues, other issues materialize. The dynamic in China with the COVID lockdowns does have some potential impact on some suppliers. Although we think we've dealt with it in the guidance we've given in terms of just our assessment of the risk profile of that. But I would say they're all the same issues, and we just continue to work, and the teams have done a really good job with it.

Yes. I guess the landscape, let me just generalize and I would say the e-beam inspection landscape has not really dramatically shifted. We've had some success, as we indicated, with the eSL10. But if you back up and look more about the overall balance between optical and e-beam for inspection, it's continuing remarkably to be at about that 80/20 split from optical to e-beam. It's been true for over the years. 
So there are more e-beam applications, I think, that are showing up. The one -- for inspection, for example, that's showing up that we're participating in uniquely is for reticle inspection. And that's what we're doing with our new 8xx to address the -- some of the opportunities in EUV. 
But not really a lot has changed. I mean we go back and forth with the latest introductions from e-beam inspection. But by and large, we've had some success, but the market is on a relative basis -- overall, the EV market is about 20% to the 80% that is optical inspection. 
Bren, anything to add?

Just one more example. I think this is important to understand. If you look at calendar 2021, our Gen 4 optical actually outsold our Gen 5 optical in terms of amount of revenue in that split of the 80% of the market, and then the rest was divided in the e-beam among the different e-beam players. 
So this idea that the latest technologies would require e-beam inspection hasn't been proven. In fact, if anything, it shows the extendibility of optical as we -- even in 2021 and what we're seeing in 2022. In fact, we expect the Gen 4 to continue to have significant success in terms of serving the overall inspection needs. 
So the view is they'll be complementary. e-beam will primarily be a tool that will be used for engineering analysis but not for in-line inspection.

Yes. Wes, I would add one thing to it also is we're talking about the reticle inspector. But if you look at the application itself of qualifying reticles, a lot of the success we had in 2021 and continue to have now is use of Gen 5 to qualify EUV reticles. 
So while it may not be the rapid systems we're selling, it's the application in support of those, largely because that is the most effective way to determine the quality of those reticles is to actually inspect them. 
And finally, we have the capability to do it on the wafers with Gen 5. And so we saw a huge push from customers, multiple customers, everyone who's essentially doing EUV to utilize Gen 5 to qualify those reticles.

We have continued evolution of the platforms to support it. And we continue to work on additional reticle capabilities to support it. So I think the answer is a little bit of both. 
I mean, the advantage of the on-wafer with the Gen 5 is that those tools already exist. And so right now, they could inspect those, albeit at a slower throughput. But of course, we're working on continuing to improve that capability both with increases in hardware but also a lot of the work we've been doing with machine learning and AI and the algorithm front to support those applications. 
And then at the same time, we have the 8xx which we'll continue to support, as well as 6xx. And as I think you know, we also are working on next-generation reticle inspection as well. 
So we got quite a bit of -- I think our 2 biggest investment programs inside the company are both dealing with the challenges of reticle inspection over the next several years.