Thank you, Kevin, and thank you all for joining us today. I'm going to begin with a high-level, strategic overview, aimed at what drives KLA's long-term business success and differentiation before I cover the near-term December quarter of business highlights.
Please turn to Slide 4. KLA continues to benefit from multiple secular growth drivers we discussed in-depth at our September 2019 Investor Day. Our performance this quarter and our strategies for diversified growth, technology leadership and operational excellence are playing out according to our plans. By numerous measures, the December 2019 quarter was strong for KLA. Revenue in both GAAP and non-GAAP EPS finished at the upper end of the range of guidance, a result of strong demand and exceptional execution. 
This performance was particularly satisfying, given it was set against the backdrop of still lackluster memory demand. As the global leader in process control and supplier of critical process enabling solutions for the data era, KLA remains at the forefront of the most important industry trends and technology inflections in the electronics industry. 
Our deep collaborative customer relationships, broad IP portfolio and differentiated solutions that address our customers' most complex challenges are the essential ingredients in the recipe that sustains our market leadership. Our business also continues to benefit from increasing complexity in advanced semiconductor device design and manufacturing processes as well as mega trends driving demand across multiple product generations and in numerous key industries.
Please turn to Slide 5. Underpinning our success and consistent outperformance is the KLA operating model. Many of you are becoming more familiar with this model, given that we spent a fair amount of time at our Investor Day discussing it. And while it's not new to KLA, we understand talking about it may be, which is why we decided to codify it the way that we did. Expect to continue to hear us refer to it as it does the best job of simplifying how we run the company. It also helps reinforce the critical core componencies that we believe could enhance the long-term performance and profitability of acquired businesses such as Orbotech. Most importantly, the KLA operating model is critical to align the company on a consistent strategy and execution, heightened accountability and facilitate continuous improvement, while ensuring we always operate with strong financial discipline and rigor.
Please turn to Slide 6. Strategically, we have 4 objectives that serve as our guide and drive our sustainable high-performance culture. I find it's always worth reinforcing objectives when speaking with investors and analysts as they provide a helpful window into our strategy going forward. These 4 objectives are: market leadership, product differentiation, operational excellence and attracting and developing talent. We run all our businesses and integrate newly acquired companies with a focus on these 4 key objectives. Today's result point to our alignment and achievement of all 4 of these.
Please turn to Slide 7 for the December quarter business highlights. Before I cover the business highlights for the quarter, I'd like to provide some high-level perspective on the current industry environment. I'll begin by addressing the coronavirus situation. First and foremost, our primary concern is with the health and well-being of all affected by the situation. We are taking the recommended precautions and have implemented appropriate measures within our global business operations, including widening the range of guidance for the March 2020 quarter to reflect the uncertainty we see in the marketplace. Bren will provide further color on this.
We are closely monitoring the situation and will update investors as material new developments arise. Nonwithstanding (sic) [ notwithstanding ] this, hopefully, short-term issue, the long-term growth opportunity for the semiconductor market remains very compelling, driven by the proliferation of electronics across more diversified end markets, the introduction of new advanced technologies supporting the development and rollout of 5G, growing semiconductor investment in China and continued device and performance innovation to develop superior performance and return on investment.
KLA's strong results are primarily driven by our industry-leading positions across various markets and the demand momentum that has continued for both technology development and capacity growth in advanced logic nodes. The demand to support advanced logic nodes is expected to remain healthy through 2020 and in 2021, driven by accelerating investment in EUV, competitive dynamics and new capacity additions. 2020 is setting up to be our fifth consecutive year of year-over-year growth for KLA with top line growth currently expected to be in the high single to low double-digit range, tracking ahead of our long-term revenue growth of 7% to 9% that underpins our 2023 target model.
In terms of our outlook for the WFE wafer demand environment in 2020, given the recent news of increased CapEx investment from leading foundry and logic customers and the improving business conditions in memory, we are aligned with the consensus expectations for 2020 to be a growth year for WFE, coming off a stronger-than-anticipated finish to 2019.
Now let me cover some of the product highlights from the quarter. KLA's market leadership is the product of successful execution of our portfolio strategy focused on differentiation to address our customers' most critical challenges. We are confident in our product positioning and the validation from strong customer acceptance across our portfolio. We continue to see accelerated growth of our flagship Gen5 optical inspection platform, deployed for both technology development and production monitoring at the advanced nodes. Our customers are now using the Gen5 platform to identify and solve yield limiting issues at the 7-nanometer node and beyond. We're also encouraged by the growing adoption of patterned wafer print check applications to qualify reticles for EUV. Gen5 offers the best solution to make sure EUV mask are defect free and optimized to achieve process window requirements. Boosted in part by this expanded use case, Gen5 shipments nearly tripled in 2019, and adoption is expected to grow in 2020.
Also, at our recent Investor Day, we announced our first new e-beam inspection platform in multiple years, and we continue to receive very positive feedback from initial customer evaluations, and we're starting to receive purchase orders. KLA's e-beam inspection platform works seamlessly with our Gen5 optical inspection platform through built-in connectivity, offering customers the best inspection performance combination at the lowest overall cost of ownership. This combination is a unique differentiator in the marketplace today, and we can identify and detect critical yield limiting defects at the most advanced nodes.
After proving the value of the technology and initial customer evaluations, we delivered the industry's first production-ready version of the X-ray metrology platform to customers in the December quarter. Introduced initially at our September Investor Day, the AXION platform is a small angle X-ray scattering technology for in line metrology applications to monitor the high aspect ratio features in advanced 3D and DRAM device architectures. This platform provides a lower cost of ownership and improve cycle times when compared with existing destructive metrology techniques. We're now focused on establishing new use cases with all leading memory customers.
Last, but certainly not least, KLA's service business continues to deliver excellent revenue growth performance, while simultaneously generating strong free cash flow. Semi-process control service revenue reached $1.1 billion in 2019 with 70% of this revenue generated from subscription-like service contracts. This performance continues to give us high levels of confidence that KLA services can deliver long-term revenue growth rates in the range of 9% to 11%. Several factors drive growth in our services business. Including increased complexity of our systems, expansion of the installed base and expanded demand at the trailing edge nodes with high fabulization and foundry and logic and signs of improvement in memory, our customers are also looking for opportunities to enhance productivity and extend the life of their installed base. As a result, we see robust service contract penetration, and our service business is providing a steady recurring revenue stream for all our businesses.
Please turn to Slide 8. In summary, the KLA operating model drives our investment thesis. This is accomplished by driving sustained technology leadership with a strong competitive moat, supported by a track record of strong free cash flow generation and capital returns. As we begin the new year with the expectation that the industry will see a resumption of growth in 2020, we are energized by the prospects that lie ahead. KLA continues to execute exceptionally well and deliver healthy relative revenue and earnings growth. Our focus on driving innovation and providing a steady stream of differentiated products and solutions, position KLA to achieve the long-term growth targets we established at our 2019 Investor Day. Despite industry headwinds, 2019 was a historic year for KLA, showcasing the enduring value created by the successful execution of our strategic objectives. As we look ahead, we are confident that we're investing in our future and are well positioned for growth and market leadership building on the momentum we have established in our process control markets and capitalizing on the market expansion opportunities from the Orbotech acquisition. Our Orbotech integration and product synergy programs are firmly on track and progressing well.
I'd like to now turn the call over to Bren for his commentary on the December quarter financial results and our March quarter outlook. Bren?

Yes, I'll take part of that, and then Bren can talk about contribution. As we talked about it at the Analyst Day and also in our last earnings call, we have seen progress in some of the new products. We introduced the AXION, and I mentioned that in the prepared remarks, we're seeing POs now for some of the e-beam inspection tools that before were under evaluation. So we're pretty much on target in terms of the growth potential that we envisioned when we laid out the 2023 plan. And that starts to become more material in the second half of this calendar year. 
We're very excited about what we've seen with the CD product because we're -- the x-ray product we're seeing more use cases we're getting customers to give us really positive feedback, and we see a continued acceleration. Then I'd also say that the e-beam inspection, combined with the optical tool has been performing as we expected, and we're seeing momentum grow there. So we're on target. We continue to be on the strategic objectives that we laid out for those products to get us to where we believe we need to be to support our 2023 plan. And in terms of impact for this year, it's more second half loaded. And so Bren can talk as to a little bit of sizing it.

The one other area you didn't ask about, Harlan, but I'll -- just for more perspective, the Gen5 adoption has accelerated throughout the 2019. And now in 2020, we're seeing additional growth, and we're seeing it really being a major product for multiple customers on both advanced but some nodes that we would have thought maybe it was late for insertion, but we're finding some applications. And where it's really gaining some traction is with EUV qualification. And I mentioned that in the prepared remarks, but I think it's really important as EUV fans out, we think is a great opportunity for Gen5 to exceed even some of the potential that we had originally envisioned because it's really the best way to verify the quality of the EUV masks and especially as customers are ramping the number of devices running on EUV, we're seeing a lot of support and interest from our customers for that. So we feel really good about where Gen5 is right now.

Yes. So we would expect -- and again, with some range to this, but the midpoint on the semiconductor side would be approximately 1.2 -- about 1,215 to, let's say, 1,230 -- 1,235 in that ballpark.

Well, Tim, you've got to remember that even the activities that we saw at the end of the calendar year, that's revenue that didn't come in at the end of the calendar. And the other part of that was the change in memory during that same time period.

Yes. And one last point, Tim, is there was a change in bare wafer. And we talked about that, that '19 was softer than '18. And so some of the business you would have seen in '18 would have been the wafer. So it was both a mix and timing issue.

Yes, bare wafer was down -- bare wafer was down about 10% year-to-year. So that was another factor as well.

No, just nothing about anything other than we're complying with all the -- and as you know, rather fluid changes in policy of support for overall China but also Wuhan, in particular. And following that and monitoring that very closely as everyone is right now.

Well, Krish, on the memory recovery, it's more of a second half driven dynamic. I mean the activity out there is pretty limited right now to one customer. So not a lot of investment. And so I wouldn't expect to see a foundry recovery -- or I'm sorry, memory until we move into the second half of the year.

Yes. Thanks a lot, John. I think that -- what I can say is the end of calendar year, there was more momentum maybe than we would have anticipated from a lot of the activity with our logic and foundry. In fact, as you know, there's very strong and very encouraging, the number of design starts. And so the foundry really shapes up to be quite strong, and it's more than just one customer in advanced nodes. So we feel really good about foundry/logic, and we're getting the right signals from our customers about the strength there. 
Memory did strengthen in terms of our view, and as Bren just indicated, it's earlier for us to size what second half. And as you know, we don't give annual guidance. But I would say there is certainly momentum for the memory investment. And even if you look at the way '19 ended and you've talked about this in the past, if this is a downturn, it's a pretty good downturn because '19 ended pretty strong and the momentum feels pretty good. 
So if you take out any exogenous factors, like some of the things we're dealing with in terms of the coronavirus -- things look pretty good for 2020, and we're pretty excited. It's really hard for us to size it. And for us, we definitely feel momentum, and we're building our capacity to be able to support the increased demands, and we have some product areas where we're out of supply for what customers want. So we're having to add capability to support that. So I don't want to give a number, but we definitely feel more positive about '20 than we did probably 4 or 5 months ago, especially in light of how strong '19 ended.

Yes. And if you want perspective, you just look back at other disruptions in supply in our industry's history just recently and what comes to mind -- to me are floods, that we had in Southeast Asia. We had the tsunami and the effect of that, and we've had fires in fabs. And in every case, it bounced back. So I don't think there -- I think if it's a temporary disruption, it comes back. And that's what we're -- as we're viewing it right now.

There is higher -- I think what's interesting is this is a case of having the capability as opposed to the desire. Our customers in -- especially in NAND, had a huge desire for more process control capability, we just didn't necessarily have the solution. So that was why the intensity was lower, there was plenty of desire. We have now our products that we've been working on for years, targeting and supporting some of the challenges in the advanced NAND technology nodes, and we're seeing adoption as a result of those new products. So that's driving our process control intensity. 
DRAM is benefiting from the fact they're still shrinking. And so you're seeing some use for some of the advanced wafer inspection capabilities to be able to deal with the increased defectivity requirements. So both of those are cases where we're seeing higher intensity and it's brought on mainly by solutions, not so much by need.

Yes, we're not seeing any change in the customer needs. And in fact, if anything, we're having more conversations with customers to ensure that we can continue to support them. We are modeling supply chain questions. And I think that, that is something that we continue to model, and that's what accounts for the range that we provided and the size of the range. So it's much more about sorting it out, and there's new information every day. I'd say in the last couple of days, it's actually been slightly more positive in terms of the ability to navigate. And so we're still working through a lot of those details.

And maybe the last point, you all know this is the extension of the Chinese New Year means that there's still -- we're still sorting through what that means because people have been off. And so as they go back, we're trying to determine exactly how that plays out.

Joe, this is Rick. I'll take the first part and let Bren finish with the hard stuff. So my view is the -- we are seeing the adoption. We talked about earlier, over process control adoption, so you just back up and say, the process control intensity in '20 being nominally flat to '19. That's really a function of memory adoption being higher than it's been historically. And that's a function of the new products that we have as well as increased adoption and wafer inspection. We have seen new use cases in terms of what we're seeing, for example, for Gen5 as we expand that capability out. One thing we don't know is when or if EUV is really going to be implemented in any big way in memory, but that creates some upside. 
But the other thing is the metrology opportunities that we see based on the new products that we've introduced, drive that intensity up. So there is some displacement in terms of our new tools, displace our prior generation, but the net of it all is process control intensity, improving as we see it in the memory, specifically in the NAND.

No, it's one of the drivers that's changed since last earnings as I would expect to see some growth there. It's more logic/foundry heavy. I think the amount of memory investment in China next year is probably one of these wildcards that will influence the WFE level overall for next year. But I would expect to see it grow, and I think it's double-digit growth year-to-year.

Well, you have multiple customers investing. And right now, when you look at the March quarter, there just isn't a lot of activity on the memory front. You still see customers investing in technology progression, but very little new capacity, particularly in the flash space right now in the March quarter for us. 
Now we shipped into that business more in the December quarter. So it could be a timing issue between when we see it versus where capacity-centric player might see it. But memory in the March quarter is kind of weak, and I would expect to see it strengthen as we move through the year.

I think it's a relatively flat outlook half-to-half in the first half of '20, given the assumptions that we have on the coronavirus, and we start to see this work itself and clear itself as we move into the June quarter. So relatively flat for the overall business.