Thanks, Kevin. And welcome to everyone joining us today.
As we rapidly approach the end of the calendar year, it's amazing, and I start to think how much has changed over the last 12 months. I hope you and your families are safe and in good health, and I appreciate your continued interest in and support for our company.
I want to make sure I begin my remarks today by conveying my appreciation for the worldwide KLA team. It's your perseverance, strive to be better and determination that exemplify KLA's core values and enable us once again to meet our commitments and to deliver exceptionally strong financial performance in the September quarter. On behalf of the entire KLA executive team, I want to thank you.
In this quarter's shareholder letter that was published today, we highlighted how our results demonstrate the resourcefulness of our global workforce, the resiliency of our business model and our continued commitment to returning value to our shareholders. As many of you may have already seen, our September quarter revenue and non-GAAP EPS, both finished at the upper end of our guidance, a result of continued strong demand from customers, exceptional execution by our global teams and the enduring strength and resiliency of the KLA operating model and guiding our strategic objectives.
I'm pleased to say that we are continuing this momentum into the December quarter and nearing the end of what truly has been an unprecedented year in calendar 2020. Most importantly, we're executing at a high level, operating from the position of strength in our marketplace and are solidly on track to meet or exceed our 2023 financial targets.
In terms of the resourcefulness of our global workforce, we just completed the third quarter of operating through the pandemic. COVID-19 has presented an unexpected opportunity to showcase KLA's resilience and resourcefulness in these unprecedented times. We have begun proactively taking steps to mitigate disruption in our business and remain vigilant of the risk posed by the virus to our people. We've done this by adopting strict safety protocols to protect our workforce, while innovating in new ways to collaborate with customers and partners. As demonstrated by our strong performance throughout 2020, we are successfully meeting customer needs, executing our R&D road map and operating our worldwide manufacturing facilities efficiently.
We continue to evaluate and adapt at various facilities in accordance with local regulation, prioritizing employee health and safety. Our worldwide teams deserve praise for never losing sight of what our customers want and need to improve their businesses and to drive better yield management. We benefited from them being exceptionally resourceful and, as always, remain committed to customer satisfaction and meeting our commitments. While we consider the challenges our worldwide teams are facing today, we recognize that they extend well beyond the workplace, which makes us intently focused on ensuring that we're supporting our teams and our people in every possible way.
Lastly, investment in the long term remains an important priority for us. We're confident that our R&D programs will help strengthen our technology and market leadership. And we're gratified by the effectiveness of our business continuity actions, which has allowed R&D activities to adapt, although not without challenges, and to continue through this pandemic.
Now turning to the industry demand environment. In the September quarter, we saw broad diversified strength across each of our segments. Semiconductor Process Control revenue was solidly above plan, and our Services business delivered strong operating leverage and is on track to deliver double-digit growth in 2020. We also ended the quarter with strong backlog, reflecting the enabling role KLA plays in our customers' technology road map and investment. Driven by the secular industry trends and the ongoing commitment by our customers to invest in R&D for next-generation technology, the stage is set for KLA to outgrow our market in calendar 2020.
Today's environment continues to accelerate the adoption of several industry growth drivers that we originally outlined in our 2019 Investor Day. The integration of digital technology into our lives is transforming the way we live and work, resulting in fundamentally change to how businesses operate and deliver value to customers. This digital transformation is fueling secular demand drivers, such as high-performance computing, artificial intelligence and accelerated migration to the cloud from on-prem applications as well as 5G communication, driving investments and innovation in advanced memory and logic device technologies.
Process control is on the critical path of enabling this digital transformation, driving our growth and long-term revenue and profitability. And the addition of the Orbotech in 2019 to our business portfolio has expanded our exposure to the compelling industry trends. We're all driving this all important digital transformation in our own business as well, including adopting new productivity tools to improve collaboration with our global teams and customers.
For example, our customer service organization has been working closely with customers to expand remote service technologies, which augment our in-country service and installation engineers. We've also recently adopted and integrated a new cloud-based platform for managing our global HR management systems, that should continue to benefit us as we scale.
Finally, we're also integrating cloud-based manufacturing and service planning tools to increase the visibility of our parts demand to our suppliers and to allow us to more proactively respond to customer service requirements. These are just a few examples of the accelerated digital transformation that we ourselves are experiencing inside of KLA as we adapt to this new environment.
Here are 5 top highlights from our most recent quarter. First, as expected, we saw continued strength in breadth in foundry and logic demand in the September quarter. These customers are benefiting from investment in digital transformation to support the secular growth drivers that we mentioned earlier. And we expect this demand to remain healthy in 2021. In Memory, tool utilization is high and memory customers continue to drive down device inventories and plan for higher bit growth in 2021 to meet expected improvement and then demand. We expect higher business levels across a broader range of customers in December quarter, with momentum continuing into 2021.
Second, we ended the quarter with strong backlog demonstrating momentum in the marketplace across multiple product platforms in both the Semiconductor Process Control and EPC Groups, fueled by new applications in our optical inspection portfolio, such as EUV print check for Gen 5 and the success of our new offerings, including the eSL10 and e-beam inspection platform, we're seeing strong adoption of our patterned wafer inspection product suite, driving our market leadership, and what we expect will be a year of growth for process control.
Third, our Service business continues to perform well and is positioned for double-digit growth in 2020. KLA's Service revenue is 25% of the total quarterly revenue and is delivering long-term growth at a rate that's double the underlying industry WFE growth rate.
Fourth, it was another strong quarter for Electronics, Packaging and Components Group, or EPC, highlighted by the record demand of our PCB division. The strong growth in PCB was driven by EPC's high exposure to the 5G infrastructure and smartphone market. The SPTS and ICOS divisions are also benefiting from the transition to 5G, along with increasingly more complex advanced semiconductor packaging.
Finally, in keeping with our commitment to deliver strong and predictable capital returns to our shareholders, we announced back in July that our Board of Directors approved our 11th consecutive annual dividend increase. During the September quarter, we returned $329 million to investors via dividends and buybacks. Over the past 12 months, we've returned $1.3 billion to shareholders or 82% of free cash flow. We believe our track record of delivering strong capital returns is a key component of the KLA investment thesis and offers predictable and compelling value creation for our shareholders.
Before I hand it over to Bren to get into greater detail on our financial highlights, let me briefly summarize. Despite the disruption and unforeseen challenges in the year associated with the pandemic, KLA has benefited from the resourcefulness of our global workforce. We've adapted well, and we're very well positioned for a strong finish to 2020. This demonstrates the critical nature of our products and services in enabling the digital transformations of our lives, the resiliency of our business model, and the return of value to our shareholders. We believe the secular factors driving our industry demand that we identified at last year's Investor Day are as relevant now as they were then. And they'll help us enable us to achieve our 2023 financial targets. At the same time, our strategy of driving diversified growth with strong long-term operating leverage should fuel consistent returns for our shareholders.
And with that, I'll turn it over to Bren.

Thanks, Harlan. As you might imagine, these programs are at different points in their life cycle. So yes, we have seen contribution. For example, we talked about print check for EUV with the BBP platform, and that's been a continuation and a broadening of that demand. In other cases, we've talked recently about where we are in terms of the X-ray metrology product or the multi-beam reticle tool. Those are not contributing in a material way to the revenue in the near term, but those are the products that we do expect to fuel our growth in '21 and beyond in support of the 2023 plan.
In terms of how many programs we have under development, we have a number, as always, of significant investments going on. But as you might imagine, they are at various phases of introduction. But when we laid out our 2023 plan, we're pretty confident that the programs that we've got in place and the ones that are under development are where they need to be in order to support the 2023 plan. The challenges of some of those, as you might imagine, there have been some COVID challenges, which maybe hit us harder early in COVID, and then we -- in terms of program execution, but we feel like we've made great progress in terms of navigating that. And we feel good about where we are, which is why we say we're on track to meet or exceed the '23 plans that we laid on. Bren, do you want to add to that?

Yes. And just one thing to add, C.J. I think one of the beliefs and our investment thesis on some of our new capabilities, for example, EUV print check, was that we were going to be highly relevant in the advanced nodes. But of course, people really haven't hit much volume. So we've really seen proof of that concept, and we're getting a lot of customer pull for capacity and capability to support those ramps. So -- and it's not just at 1 customer. So we feel very good about the Process Control intensity expectations that we had going into these nodes. We're seeing them being realized. So we view that as another positive indicator, not just on the overall Foundry spend, but on the Process Control related spend.

Really since the middle of 2018 or so, we've seen very disciplined spending by our Memory customers. And so we've seen that continue through after a strong down year in 2019 to a flattish year here in 2020. We see some modest recovery here in the December quarter, as you see from the disclosures we gave for the quarter. And we see that continuing as we move into next year.
I don't see -- just if you look at the overall pricing environment and certainly, the smartphone and the timing of data center recovery will have an impact on the overall Memory environment. You've got EUV introduction into DRAM, which could be a factor as well as we move into the second half of the year that we would expect to see Memory as an improving business for us as we move into '21. As I said, I think that the discipline has been there. And as we start to see pricing recover, I think you'll see more investment there. But I wouldn't say it's a huge expectation in terms of growth, but I think a lot of it will be dependent on some of the end market dynamics that I mentioned.
From a Process Control intensity point of view, it's a little bit higher today in 3D flash than DRAM, although the introduction of the EUV in DRAM is an opportunity for us to drive Process Control intensity. So I think we're optimistic about that when we start to see that play out. And then also as stacks layer counts increase in flash that we will see more opportunities for our metrology product lines. We've got some new product offerings. We also have the e-beam inspection tools. We talked about where things that we believe will ultimately create some opportunities for us for either intensity improvement or share. So I think we're pretty optimistic about those opportunities.

All right. It's a great question. And the answer is, we're relatively new to this business. So about 1.5 years, very impressed with what the Orbotech team had been doing. And I think in conjunction with them, we're really working hard to make sure we have the right amount of investment to continue new products meeting customer needs. And I would say that they had great engagement, and we've added that. And as a result, we're investing heavily in that business to make sure that we're meeting some of the emerging demand, the flex PCB and all the new substrates, all the things. This is the beginning, as you know, of the 5G. And we think there's a continued opportunity for sustained growth over time. So we're very bullish on what that team has done. And in combination, we think it's been a tremendous success so far and a lot of upside as we go forward. But like KLA businesses, it requires continued investment in new capabilities, and we're doing that right now.

Well, Atif, I think it's a good question. What we've seen so far, as you know, we're relatively conservative, but we have had indications, and we believe earlier in EUV that we would see increased penetration of our advanced optical tools as well as in the mask shop. That's really playing out. So we do model Process Control intensity going up as a result of increased EUV adoption. And part of why that's working for us is, I mentioned EUV print check. That's essentially kind of a new category where we're able to deploy additional BBP tools to support DRAM of EUV.
And as you might imagine, those wafers are incredibly expensive. So there's a real focus by our customers to make sure that they're obviously optimizing their yield and catching excursions. At the same time, the size of the defect is becoming more relevant and smaller defects. So our tools end up having to run in modes where they capture smaller defects with increased algorithms, which also means that the capacity needs increase as the design rules go down in order to cover and detect. So yes, I would say that those are both tailwinds and our customers tell us that because they're very ambitious about ramping the advanced nodes and wanting to make sure we're in a position to support them. Does that answer your question?

I wouldn't say soften. I mean the challenge that customers have with EUV print check is it's a new application, there are new algorithms. There's new defects that they've got to run down and do source. And so there's a huge appetite to get that. In fact, we're getting a lot of pressure to get systems that were forecast, delivered to support that. So I would -- and there are additional algorithms, as I said, we're developing. So all the indications we see are an expanding opportunity for EUV print check, and I think that will go for some time based on the early indications that we're getting.

Well, like I said, we're optimistic. We see some improvement in the December quarter, and I think that continues as we move into next year. So most of it coming from customers supporting 5G and handsets. We think that's probably the biggest driver but it's pretty modest growth at these levels. Bren just given where the industry has been, but we're optimistic that we'll see growth as we move into next year.