Hello, and thank you for joining us today. The June 2021 quarter showed continued momentum and strength for KLA. We delivered on our top and bottom line goals and progressed against our long-term strategic objectives. Specifically, quarterly revenue grew 7% sequentially and 32% year-over-year to $1.925 billion. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $4.43, representing 15% sequential growth and 63% growth compared to the prior year. These results demonstrate strong growth momentum in our core markets, and the operating leverage in the KLA model. We continue to see increased customer demand across each of our major product groups. This demand is related to ongoing secular demand trends driving semiconductor industry growth across a broad range of markets and applications. Our customers are increasing their strategic CapEx investments to address these growth markets and investing in their leading edge R&D efforts.
Against the strong demand backdrop, we are navigating evolving customer needs and persistent supply chain challenges. Still, KLA continues to outperform expectations by operating with purpose and precision and focusing on creating value for our customers, partners and shareholders. This strong execution is led by our talented global teams continuing to go above and beyond, constantly rising to the challenge and opportunities of the marketplace.
I will quickly summarize our view of the industry demand environment. We're in a great position relative to growth drivers that are creating momentum for the industry and our business. As a result, our outlook for the wafer fab equipment industry continues to move higher. We have increased our growth estimate from the low to mid-20s stated last quarter to the low to mid-30s on a percentage basis. This is from a base of approximately $61 billion in calendar 2020. With strong secular semiconductor demand trends continuing, we expect positive industry dynamics to sustain into calendar 2022.
As our business benefits from this increased demand and our customers are also investing in leading-edge node development, fab optimization and regional expansion, KLA offers the leading portfolio of products to solve our customers' challenges. We continue to invest high levels of R&D to ensure we are constantly improving and remaining indispensable to our customers. Specifically, we're prioritizing investment in artificial intelligence and machine learning. KLA's unique capabilities in leveraging these technologies and our product and service offerings help drive adoption and differentiates KLA against the competition. KLA benefits from long-standing market leadership and high levels of investment in advanced laser, sensor, optics and data analytics technologies that leverage our AI and ML capabilities to identify critical defects in the production process and deliver ever-increasing precision in metrology applications. This investment helps our product and service offerings deliver best-in-class performance, lower process variability, higher yields, improved time to market, and reduced cost of ownership for our customers.
Our growing R&D investment is happening as process control intensity is increasing. KLA's market leadership in the process control market remains greater than 4x the nearest competitor as reported by Gartner Research in April of 2021. KLA's sustained performance in process control is augmented by a broader position within the electronics ecosystem through our electronics, packaging and components or EPC businesses and the contributions of our large and growing services business. For new and long-time KLA investors, it's essential to point out that KLA's market leadership is a result of consistent and focused execution of our company's differentiated strategy.
With this favorable backdrop and our strong execution, we're on track to achieve our 2023 financial targets well ahead of expectations. Let's now move along to the top highlights for our most recent quarter. First, KLA continues to execute well and outperform expectations. In foundry and logic, we see simultaneous investments across multiple nodes, and our customers continue to increase demand forecasts. We remain encouraged by the breadth and consistency of investment across our customer base. 
In memory, demand is strong and spread across a broader set of customers. During the quarter, we announced 4 new products targeting the automotive semiconductor market, including patterned and unpatterned wafer inspection and in-line test solutions. KLA's automotive solutions aim to help customers identify and mitigate potential reliability defects in the development and manufacturing of automotive semiconductors early in the manufacturing process, improving device reliability and driving significant value for our customers.
Second, KLA's strong market leadership and optical pattern wafer inspection has helped to drive strong relative growth for our semiconductor process control segment in 2021. In fact, optical pattern wafer inspection is forecast to be among the fastest-growing segments in WFE in 2021 for product segments over $1 billion in revenue and is poised to outpace the overall industry growth by a factor of 2x this year. This follows similar growth and outperformance in 2020.
Third, KLA's flagship reticle inspection business is on pace for a record year in 2021, growing faster than the market and growing our leadership position. As proof of that, we estimate that nearly all the reticles today at 5-nanometer are inspected by KLA systems. Our next-generation e-beam based 8XX mask inspection platform shipped last quarter and has begun customer qualification for applications at 3-nanometer and below. 
Fourth, our services revenue was $444 million in the June quarter or 23% of total sales. 75% of services revenue in our semiconductor process control segment and more than 90% of services revenue in our printed circuit board business is from recurring subscription-based contracts. We believe these are among the highest subscription service rates in the industry. The Services business is on track for another year of strong double-digit growth, well above our long-term growth model target. The growth is driven by our expanding installed base, higher utilization rates and increasing expansion of service opportunities at the trailing edge and the EPC group. 
Our Semiconductor Process Control service business revenue continues to grow faster than the rate of the growth of the installed base, approximately 2.8x faster from 2016 through 2020. KLA Service business has the advantage of always working in close collaboration with our customers and partners, driving innovation and new initiatives for growth. 
Finally, in keeping with our commitment to deliver strong and predictable capital returns to our shareholders, today, we announced that KLA's Board of Directors approved a 17% increase in the company's quarterly dividend level from $0.90 to $1.05 per share. This is the 12th consecutive annual increase in our dividend level, which has grown at a compounded annual rate of 16% since inception in 2006. In addition, we announced a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization targeted for execution over the next 12 to 18 months. We believe KLA's track record of delivering strong capital returns is a key component of the KLA investment thesis and offers predictable and compelling value creation for our shareholders.
Before moving into the financial highlights, let's briefly summarize a few key points. KLA's June quarter results demonstrate the critical nature of KLA's products and services in enabling the digital transformation of our lives, the resiliency of the KLA operating model and our commitment to productive capital allocation. KLA is exceptionally well positioned with a comprehensive portfolio of products to meet demanding customer requirements that balance sensitivity and throughput. The semiconductor and electronics landscape are constantly changing, and we are seeing broadening customer interest driven by more technology innovation than ever before at the leading edge. KLA also delivers enduring value through our commitment to corporate stewardship. We look forward to sharing an update on our ESG vision in our Global Impact report, which will be released in the coming weeks. 
And with that, I'll pass the call over to Bren.

Harlan, it's Rick. Thanks for the question. You're right. I think we are seeing a lot of strength in the process control portfolio, driven -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we look at optical wafer inspection and really seeing a lot of uptake on that. What's interesting about that is it's a pretty good mix between GEN4 and GEN5. So both of the -- GEN5 is more exposed, I would say, to the EUV dynamic, but we're seeing more proliferation of GEN4 also as people continue to add advanced capability. And we expected that with the rising complexity really across the board, and it's not just in the EUV areas of mainly Logic and Foundry, but also we're seeing it in memory. That's 1 area. 
We mentioned also reticle is having a really strong year as the number of advanced designs continue. So we're seeing both related to EUV, but also just increased process control intensity really across the entire portfolio. So that's why we feel so strongly about the remainder of the year. And as Bren indicated, we're looking into 2022 for that strength to continue. 
Bren, you want to provide more color?

John, thanks for the question. We've been working on what has been, what is now called, AI and ML for years now. And of course, because we handle so much data,in our systems, especially in the optical wafer system but also in the reticle system, that we've been having to manage that data and look for signal in that data for a long time. What ML enables and machine learning enables along with AI is just extracting more information out of that data. So as we continue to have more capability to manage it, our work on AI has proliferated across most of our products now in some form or another, but we continue to add upgrades.
So I think to answer your question, 1 way to think about it is we can squeeze more capability out of existing generations by leveraging the algorithms and the AI work. And in the past, where we may have needed to ship wavelengths for example, to get more capability, we can do that with algorithms. So 1 of the questions that had been brought up in the past was for example, the limitations of optical wafer inspection and why e-beam was going to maybe take a large part of the share. That was the thesis a few years ago. But it was through AI and through ML and our advanced optics capability that we've actually created additional node capability out of the optical systems.
So I think that's another way that we've expanded and lengthened the lifetime of the products. Part of why GEN4 has a longer life now is we're squeezing more capability out of that, leveraging it.
To answer your other question, it is expanding into our other products. Those were the first really in the work we do at reticle. But it's also driving some opportunities for us in other segments as we expand the leverage of that capability into both metrology, but also some of our traditionally lower end wafer inspection systems that are applying in trailing edge capability. So it's really kind of across the board. And you're right, it's very -- if you can amortize the engineering the way we do, it's pretty accretive to the overall business volume because you're -- we do make a large investment.  We're by far the -- we have the most investment going on of -- no question, among our peers, because we're doing it across such a broad portfolio. But we're getting leverage as we have multiple products that are leveraging it. So Bren can speak to how that drives the P&L.

Yes, C.J., it's a great question. As far as lead times go, I think lead times are holding pretty flat. One of the challenges -- and we had hoped that we'd start to see those pull in a bit, but demand has continued to increase. So we're seeing stronger demand, and we're doing a lot of work to add capacity. So things aren't extending out, but they're not necessarily pulling in either.
Yes, based on our comments, you do have a ramp in our -- in Semi Process Control Equipment into the December quarter. That's a richer mix. So I'm not going to guide December, but that should carry a richer gross margin profile given the nature of the products that we're shipping. That capacity has come online. I've got some revenue recognition dynamics related to new facilities and product transitions that's pushing some of those shipments, if you will, that are happening this quarter -- rather, that will happen next quarter. So that's also part of the higher sequential growth that we're seeing into the December quarter. Did I answer your questions?

Not really. I think just in terms of overall sustainability, we would expect to see the leading edge continue to invest as we go into next year. And given the public statements that have been made there, I think that's pretty consistent with what we're seeing. On the trailing edge side, we are seeing orders that are coming into backlog, but also in the funnel from a number of customers, a much more meaningful level of customers that haven't invested all that much in the past and are addressing some of these automotive and industrial and some of these other more trailing edge challenges. So I would think from a shipment or revenue point of view, we'll see that business actually start to come to the P&L as we move into '22.
China has been mostly Logic-centric this year, native China. And so I think we'll have to see how that plays out as we move into next year in terms of growth. Certainly, there's, I think, sustainability with the business levels that have been elevating through this year. But I would expect to see a little bit more memory activity probably next year in China. And I think that's probably the 1 area where we don't have as much visibility in terms of logic growth there. So I think those are the dynamics and how they're playing.
I think in terms of DRAM and NAND, I would expect those to continue to maintain the momentum that we've been seeing through '21.

I think there's a couple of things. One is, as more of the big players are focused on packaging as a source of either maintaining differentiation or closing a differentiation gap, there's more investment with larger players that know KLA. And frankly, I think we're getting more seats at the table and engagements with them, because of their knowledge of KLA and their desire to put their bets behind a proven player. So we have capability. We have some products. We're doing some product development, some product adaptation, in support of that. But the technology there is moving. The process control intensity is significantly lower than it is, of course, in the leading edge. But the rate of growth is very fast, the rate of growth in process control.
So I would say we have an abundance of opportunities there to execute on, but it will require us to bring new capabilities. And so we're engaging with our customers in that. And I can tell you, we're getting as much pull there as we are in the front end for capabilities as customers try to accelerate their road map. So we're seeing strong growth as we increase the process control intensity. And it's not just process control. Once again, some of the process equipment we have with SPTS is also being leveraged in that area as well as in our PCB business, which isn't all inspection and measurement. So we do see strong growth. We see a lot of potential consistent with the plans we laid out in 2019 at our Investor Day.

Yes. And just to put a number on it. We said $400 million in 2019. We're ahead of plan, and we can beat that, do more than that with some of the developments we're contemplating. So I think we've got the products now to perform to that, and we can do more, and we're getting encouraged by the signs that we're seeing as -- engaging with these customers.

Yes, it's a great question. As you know, if you follow our business, any of these technology transitions, inflections, present opportunity for process control. Because the first thing that our customers need to figure out is how to get the process ramped. So I think we're seeing advanced indicators that that's going to be great for adoption of additional capability. It's also where the portfolio really matters. Because in the case of gate all around, adaptation to the GEN4 wafer inspection, in some ways, is more important than what GEN5 does. GEN5 is very important for the smaller defectivity that we need to detect and the lower rates, but GEN4 for the contrast. And so some of the development we've been doing with our customers has been to tune our products for that advanced transistor capability. 
So I think that what you'll see is a continued increase in process control intensity. The way we modeled it is relatively modest over the long term, but of course, the cumulative effect is it adds up. And that's why we think process control intensity outgrows WFE on the order of 0.5 percentage point, if we're going from 15% to 15.5%, depending on what the aggregate, that's a blended between Logic and Memory. But we'll see it over time that you'll see it creep up as a result of those new inflections. Provided we have the products to support it, which is a lot of the work that we've been doing. So we feel like we're in really good position to support our customers to do that.

Yes. And then the biggest investment really right now is in the workforce to support that. And so as Bren mentioned, we're working on that. I think that hiring, training, on-boarding as we anticipate the continued growth, is an area we've done well with. But as you know, there's a big demand for talent out there. So we have to keep on it, keep hiring and doing that training. So that's probably the biggest area of investment over time is going to be the workforce.

Yes, Tim, it's a great question. We feel confident that we will have the capability we need when it's needed for the high NA. So I understand what your question is. We believe that with the products that we have, with the 8XX in particular, and actually, the continued capability we're seeing in 6XX, we feel that we will be there when the market is needed for the high NA.

Yes. Vivek, that's an interesting question. And right now, what we're trying to do is ramp up and to support the customer demand that we have and I have expectations for incremental capacity as we move forward. Now I feel like these are good investments to make for us over the long run, given our expectations for multiyear growth in WFE. I think given the strength of the WFE investments and some of the end market drivers that we're talking about that we would expect to see WFE grow over the next few years, at least in line with semiconductor revenue with rising capital intensity probably faster than that.
So these investments and given the extendability of our platforms and the lifetime of our tools in terms of how we're shipping to a very broad demand environment from a technology point of view, that these are investments that are important for us in terms of just being able to support that kind of environment moving forward, sort of a through-cycle over time statement. But we're continuing to invest and make sure that we have the flexibility to be able to respond to our customer demand. 
So I think that's -- as I look at it right now in terms of the first half of the year in terms of expectations, hard for me to see how -- it's at least as strong as what we've seen in the second half of '21 in terms of what we see in the funnel and our backlog in terms of how we're managing it. I don't want to make any statements much beyond that.

Yes. Of course, we track the usage. I mean, that's a metric that we're looking at all the time. But I would back up a little bit and say that the industry actually has a self-governing mechanism in it, which is the ability of all the equipment companies to ramp to the demand. And right now, when you talk to customers, they would take more shipments, I think, from everyone if they could get them sooner. So there's a natural governance, and I'm sure you heard ASML talk about EUV through 2022. So it's naturally governed by that. So I don't -- I think we're -- we're in a good place for a sustained run at this point.

Well, in a lot of cases, we've already seen the orders, right? So I think that customers are getting into the queue for deliveries. And then some products, deliveries could be 12 months from now. So it's absolutely happening and customers are trying to make those commitments as they're planning for their facilities. Obviously, they plan across a lot of different types of equipment. And so those planning cycles tend to move around a little bit. Sometimes they're also dependent on winning business and product ramps and so on. So there's always a little bit of variability around the timing.
And then, of course, generally, as you're trying to build something, there's always infrastructure and delays and pull-ins that can happen associated with just construction overall. But yes, we're absolutely seeing that demand in the backlog and certainly in the sales funnel.

Yes, including display, we're in the high teens for that business. So we're seeing strength there. Displays, about as we expected, and we're seeing strength I mentioned earlier about component inspection. Specialty Semiconductor is also seeing strength. PCB is ahead of plan a little bit. So I think that's moving along. Obviously, it's very tied to mobility, 5G. So yes, we're seeing that tick up in terms of expectations for growth out of that product group.