Thanks, Kevin. Before summarizing KLA's results for calendar year 2021 and for the December quarter, I'd like to first acknowledge and thank the global KLA team. The dedication and hard work of our teams never wavered despite challenging conditions, delivering for customers and managing around a complex global supply chain during a period of unprecedented industry shortages. 
It was the day-to-day drive to be better that drove KLA's market leadership, resulting in record growth and financial performance across the board for the company in the December quarter and for 2021. KLA also delivered record returns to shareholders in 2021 through our dividend and share repurchase programs with returns to shareholders totaling over $2 billion. 
KLA's strong results demonstrate our track record of relative strength and revenue growth and superior financial performance compared with semiconductor industry peers in a dynamic and growing wafer fab equipment industry as well as the long-term value created by employee and consistently refining our KLA operating model. Since our founding in 1976, KLA's mission has been focused on using our expertise and innovative thinking to overcome monumental technological challenges. 
KLA is advancing humanity with technologies and ideas that inspire action. Our results in the December quarter and for 2021, demonstrate ongoing success of these strategies. So thank you to all our teams for contributing to KLA's enduring success. 2021 was another year of record growth, profitability and free cash flow for KLA, as we successfully navigated unprecedented challenges in the marketplace, responding to record demand across the vast majority of our markets, while adapting to the evolving operational complexities associated with the global pandemic. 
Through it all, we remained focused on delivering to our customers' requirements and driving strong returns to shareholders in a rapidly growing industry demand environment. In 2021, revenue grew 34% to $8.2 billion, marking the sixth consecutive year of revenue growth. 
KLA's strong revenue growth in 2021 was driven by 46% growth in the semiconductor process control systems. Revenue from the services business grew 14% in the year, with over 75% of the revenue generated from recurring subscription-like contracts, reflecting the growing value of added process control systems and services in our product portfolio. 
KLA also demonstrated strong operating leverage on our revenue growth in 2021 with non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP earnings per share growing 54% and 61%, respectively. Incremental operating margin on the revenue growth in 2021 was 57%, consistently above our target operating leverage model of 40% to 50% for the second year in a row. 
Free cash flow also grew a healthy 43% in 2021 to a record $2.5 billion. Consistent with our long-term strategic objectives, KLA delivered on our ongoing commitment to return value to shareholders, including our 12th consecutive dividend increase announced in July 2021, along with an additional $2 billion share repurchase program. 
Total returns to shareholders in 2021, including dividend and share repurchases, topped just over $2 billion or approximately 79% of free cash flow. This growth demonstrates success in strengthening our market leadership across our business that we can continue to build upon to drive adoption of KLA solutions in the critical markets we serve. Within the Electronics, Packaging and Component inspection or EPC Group, the Specialty Semiconductor Process segment grew 11% in 2021, and the Printed Circuit Board Display and Component Inspection grew 17% in the year. 
The strong relative performance for KLA reflects our market leadership and diversification and was driven by secular industry growth trends across multiple end markets. We ended 2021 with an exceptionally strong backlog and began what we anticipate being a seventh consecutive year of growth for KLA. We enter 2022 executing at a high level and operating from a position of strength in our marketplace despite persistent supply chain challenges. 
This momentum sets the stage for KLA to continue to outperform the market while demonstrating superior financial performance and maintaining our capital returns. Turning now to focus on the December quarter results where we saw diversified strength across our business. Today, demand environment continues to demonstrate accelerated adoption of a broad spectrum of semiconductor and electronic industry growth trends. 
Technology is transforming how we live and work and the data-driven economy is fundamentally changing how businesses operate and deliver value. This digital transformation is enabling secular demand drivers such as high-performance computing, artificial intelligence, growth in new automotive electronics and strong growth in data centers and 5G communication markets. 
Each of these secular trends are driving investment and innovation and advanced memory and logic semiconductor devices as well as new and increasingly more complex advanced packaging and PCB technologies. With our market leadership in process control, and growth and expansion in new markets like Specialty Semiconductor Process equipment, PCB and finished die inspection in our EPC group, KLA is essential to enabling our increasing digital world. 
To make this happen, KLA continues to prioritize and invest in R&D, which totaled $1 billion in calendar 2021, double the level of 5 years ago and growing at a 15% compound annual growth rate. With this favorable backdrop and our demonstrated track record of investing heavily in R&D to drive product differentiation and consistently meeting or exceeding our commitments to customers and shareholders, our performance enabled KLA to outperform the 2023 long-term financial model targets that we set 2 years ago, 2 years ahead of expectations. 
Moving along to the top highlights from the December 2021 quarter. First, we saw continued strength and consistency in foundry logic customer revenue for both leading edge and legacy technologies in the December quarter. As expected, memory demand also grew in the period. Calendar 2022 is setting up to be another year of strong growth for WFE. 
We see demand momentum throughout 2022 across our major end markets. The strength in demand we're seeing reflects KLA's essential role in supporting our customers' drive to innovate and continue to invest in future technology nodes. In foundry and logic, simultaneous investments across multiple nodes and rising capital intensity continues to be a tailwind. In memory, demand remains broad-based across multiple customers, and we expect another year of double-digit growth in 2022 with NAND growing faster than DRAM; second, KLA is seeing strong demand across the breadth of our industry-leading optical inspection portfolio as we have maintained our momentum in one of the fastest-growing markets in WFE. 
Wafer inspection systems revenues grew 54% in 2021, far outpacing the WFE market, which is estimated to have grown 40%. We're experiencing strong growth across our wafer inspection portfolio from broadband plasma, laser scanning, unpatterned bare wafer inspection, macro inspection and e-beam products. 
This quarter, we highlight macro inspection, which is growing at a pace of 1.5x WFE driven by growth in automotive and other specialty markets where KLA has defensible market leadership with a platform uniquely positioned to address growing technical complexity and tighter design rules; third, success in KLA's strategic growth and market diversification strategies are being demonstrated by growth in EPC. 
Systems revenue from KLA's Electronics, Packaging and Components, or EPC group, grew 20% in 2021. With EPC, KLA is diversifying our market leadership with a portfolio of solutions addressing fast-growing new markets in the electronics value chain, including RF, specialty semiconductors, automotive, PCB, advanced packaging and display; fourth, service revenue grew 14% in 2021 to $1.8 billion and continues to sustain a growth rate above its long-term target of 9% to 11%. For the quarter, services revenue was $457 million or 19% of total revenue. Annual services revenue is quickly approaching $2 billion and has grown 81% in the past 3 years. 
This growth has been driven by the rising installed base and increasing adoption of subscription-like contracts. Over 75% of service revenue in the Semiconductor Process Control segment, and over 90% of services in the printed circuit board business come from recurring subscription-like contracts. 
Finally, the December quarter was another exceptional one from a free cash flow perspective, capping a year in which KLA generated over $2.5 billion in free cash flow and returned over $2 billion to shareholders. In the December quarter, we generated strong quarterly free cash flow of $746 million, which helped drive 43% growth in free cash flow in 2021. We've also maintained focus on returning capital to shareholders via our dividend and share repurchase program, which rose 63% year-over-year on a combined basis. 
Before Bren gets into greater detail on our financial highlights and guidance, let me briefly summarize. Despite the persistent disruption and continued challenges associated with the pandemic, particularly around the supply chain and component availability, KLA is consistently delivering strong revenue growth, financial results and returns to shareholders. 
KLA is well positioned at the forefront of technological innovation with a comprehensive portfolio of products targeting the most demanding inspection and measurement challenges in the marketplace. I also want to provide a quick update on our ESG activities. On December 16, KLA announced setting a goal to use 100% renewable electricity across our global operations by 2030. Managing the impacts of our business in terms of ESG stewardship is an integral part of KLA's mission to advance humanity. This includes contributing to creating a more sustainable future. 
With that, I'll pass the call over to Bren to cover our financial highlights, outlook and guidance. Bren?

John, thanks for the question. Yes, we feel pretty good about how we've navigated through the pandemic. A couple of factors for KLA specific, I think, to think about. One is we were up in the December quarter. And again, huge customer demand, so working to work that off. We talked in the past about securing critical components, critical parts from key suppliers. That actually continues to be in good shape, where we had some challenges in the last few weeks. 
And right now, as we're actually working through them, had to do with not necessarily our critical supply but just generalized supply across the industry. I think as most companies are talking about. So we're seeing some of that, that are not unique, as Bren said in his comments, to KLA. The reason we feel more confident is even in the last few days, we've seen some pressure being released in that system, that it won't be in time for what we would have preferred to ship in this quarter, we obviously have the backlog, we could have shipped more if we'd had it. 
But it's being resolved. So we feel pretty good about the go forward after we get through March. And I'll let Bren add some color since he's spending a good part of his time working some of these issues himself.

Harlan. Good question. Yes, '21, we feel really good about how we performed in '21. I think we talked about several times, just the strength, especially of optical wafer inspection was extraordinary in the year. And also, when we look to our order book, we got tremendous interest in those products that we're seeing great opportunities in '22 as well. 
I think that's a favorable mix for the year for '22 and -- based on the success we've had with some of our new products and the way that they're being received by customers, we anticipate that we'll be in a good position to build on our market leadership position as we go forward. 
So we are anticipating continued growth in share, albeit at the kind of rate that we outlined a few years ago. So I think the combination of those factors plus the continuation of the drive in design roles are all good indicators and good drivers for KLA to outperform, which is what we're forecasting. We never really know at this point in the year, how it's actually going to -- the details of what it's going to look, but we think Process Control is in a great position for '22, and we're in a great position within Process Control. And Bren can add some color to that.

Yes. Just one other thing to add to Bren, I mean I think it's really important that we continue to understand the value we're creating for our customers, and we share in that value in our pricing. I think that's the way to think about it. For them, they're very, very motivated to get these products in as soon as they can because the payback is extremely quick. 
What you would probably see in a more normalized -- if you didn't have an environment that was a supply constrained -- with the increase in volume, you'd actually see the cost dynamics go the other way. So I think what Bren talked about the little bit of headwind that we get is because of some of the pricing increases, but it's not much in our overall business. 
But in a historical context, if you went up as much as our revenues have, we would see volume discounting happening with our suppliers, which would bring down some of the costs, and that's not really happening in this environment. But our starting point is really good, and our new products are incredibly well received by our customers. So not only do we like the margin profile, but our customers really want to get the new products. So we're in a pretty good position as it stands right now.

Yes, C.J., it's a great question. You're right. We're in the mid-65% range, if you look at the process control segment overall. So as we move into certainly '22, I would expect that to be roughly flat given what we just said, maybe a little bit better, but generally in that range and just given the things we just talked about. A lot of it depends overall on -- you've got the service mix, which service gross margins have improved over time as that business scales, but it is dilutive. 
So in the long run, if service is growing faster than systems, that does put a little bit of pressure on margins. So I think we're pretty comfortable with the levels that they're at. I can see them ticking up. 
We always talk about 60% to 65% type incrementals on our semi process control business. So I would expect to see something consistent with that. But if you're approaching 65% or maybe a little bit higher at the top end of that, you start to hit the ceiling in terms of how high you can go. So I think we're probably in that mid-60s range, maybe creeping up a little bit from there. But I don't see it improving much more than that.

Yes, I think that's the way to think about it. Certainly, the second half will be stronger than the first half. And look, I think we're all constrained right now in terms of the ability to get parts. What we've provided is our expected probability of all the various issues we're managing in terms of an overall view. 
But given that March will be lower, I would expect sequential growth as we move through the year. And the second half overall for the company, yes, low- to mid-double digits is a reasonable way to think about it.

So just one  -- just a little more color to think about. What we saw with Omicron is more people being impacted and losing work days, fortunately not severely impacted, but enough that they had to not be at the workforce. And as Bren said, these factories were ramped up. So it's hard to make that up, but it's also -- they're already coming back. So we have a lot of confidence in the supply chain, returning to more supportive levels for our business going forward.

Vivek, great question. I think, ironically, perhaps the current slowdown in our ability as an equipment industry to provide will stretch this out into '23 anyway. And so you see that plus a number of high-profile projects, which have been discussed recently by our customers don't really order equipment in '22 or maybe they place POs, but we certainly don't see deliveries. 
So if you think about some of the big new greenfield projects that have been announced, those are '23 projects, not '22. So I think the combination of those that are related to both support from the regionalization efforts driven by things like the CHIPS Act in the U.S. should that come to pass. But even the other projects, which aren't dependent on that, are really much more about '23 than they are about '22. So as we look at it now, we do have pretty good visibility out through the end of the year and even into the first part of next year for the demand to continue to be very supportive of our business.

Yes. Thanks, Tim. Good question. I think that it's interesting if you use the example of NAND as a -- there, you actually went backwards in lithography. And yet the process control intensity, it went down a little bit, but we actually thought it would go down more because what happened was 2 things. And if we'd had solutions, it probably wouldn't have gone down at all because there were other integration problems that we were unable to solve at that time. But even there, it went backwards and there was not a huge change in process control intensity, albeit at lower levels. 
What we're seeing now already in conversations with customers as we look at new device types. The process control challenges are going to be enormous. And many of them, yes, defect is a big part of it, but you have EUV, which is driving additional use cases. You have the registration overlay challenges, which has created quite a significant market, and we also see the need for more and more inspection layers using different wavelengths. So that Gen 4 is being extended. I think we mentioned last quarter, Gen 4 actually outperformed Gen 5 in terms of revenue in 2021. 
And we actually see that continuing because of the usefulness of that product and that wavelength. So we actually think the real question is, are there going to be integration challenges that are going to drive our customers. When there's multiple players competing at the leading edge, that's always a good thing for KLA. I think we went through a period where there was really one main driver, and they had one real end device driving that logic, that's no longer the case. 
So we feel pretty good about the architectures that we're seeing. We have process control teams that are working with our customers. And as far as we can see out through several years, we think we're well positioned with plenty of opportunity and we have a lot of solutions we're investing in, as Bren said, we're investing at a significant level in R&D to be positioned to support those going forward. 
So we don't see really a relaxation in process control intensity as we go forward. Will it continue to rise? We're not anticipating that it goes up a lot. And so that's not in our models, that would be upside to our model if that happened, but that's not what we're working off of.

Yes, Patrick, good question. I think that, again, we've been in conversations with customers about these advanced architectures for some time and the challenges that they face. 
Fortunately, we often have more time than we originally thought to get our solutions ready because these often take longer to get to market than were originally anticipated. So we're actually in pretty good shape in terms of providing solutions for that. Specifically to gate all around, remember, for inspection, there are really a couple of things that we have to -- problems that we have to solve. 
The most significant one often lost on people is it's a contrast question. It's not as much as a resolution as contrast and gate all around with different materials creates a different contrast challenge, which is why the wavelength matters a lot, which is why we're extending Gen 4, and we're seeing good modeling results from that. The other thing that happens, of course, is the registration, every generation, I think, may be lost on people are the additional challenges in registration and overlay every device technology and the increase in sampling is just dramatic in that business and in films in general. 
Again, more challenges associated with that. We have a good modeling effort that goes on very, very strong in the company so we can model and understand what those devices are going to look like and what they're going to need in terms of capability. 
So we're very well positioned to handle that. I think that you're going to see increases in both inspection needs, but also in metrology slightly in different ways. And in metrology, you're already sampling at so many levels. It's more about increasing the sampling at those levels. In other words, more steps or more measurement points per die and per wafer. In inspection, it ends up you add a number of inspection steps in the process as opposed to the area inspected, which is usually already predetermined and that probably won't change. 
So I think that they'll both grow but for different reasons in that. And again, our customers -- our relationship with our customers is such that we've been working on these problems for a while because now they know they need the support of inspection and metrology early in the development phase if they have a chance of ramping these new technologies. So we feel pretty good about our insight into those.

Yes, Patrick, it's a great question and it's something that we spend a lot of time on internally, particularly as Brian Lorig runs our service business points out to me all the time that don't forget about spares. So it is absolutely a balancing act. Fortunately, we have pretty good idea of when things will fail that -- around certain components, and we can plan for that. But we -- in terms of stocking levels. But we're very -- we have had situations where we will pull parts off of systems, if we have to, to support the field, we've made commitment to customers, those customers value these systems, and we've got to keep them up and running. 
So in a lot of those cases, we're going to generally prioritize service if we can't figure out a way to work around it, which we've for the most part been able to do. But it's a constant balancing act, and it's something that we watch very closely.

Yes. Joe, that's a great question. So I'll say a couple of things here. First, yes, there were some surprises, right? As we were moving through December and into the early part of January, the COVID impact was a surprise in terms of the impact on some of these suppliers. So we also had some issues that materialized, as I said in the prepared remarks around, I'll call them, more lower-value commodity parts that we also procure in a lot of cases, where those are as we have supplier suppliers that are trying to acquire those parts to then send them to us to our direct suppliers before it gets to us. So it's a little bit harder to have visibility down at those levels. 
Now with enough time, you can typically manage around some of those issues, either by finding alternatives, qualifying alternatives. It does have an impact on on-time delivery, to your point, and so the reason we were able to quantify the impact of 8% to 10% on the results in March was really what we thought we were looking at as we ended the December quarter and where we ended up today. So we had a pretty good visibility to the impact and so we're able to quantify it. On-time delivery is what's suffering though. But we're managing around it to the extent we can. 
And I think customers, while there's tremendous pressure in the system, there's a reality check of the challenges that I think I can speak for everybody that we're all dealing with here.