Thanks, Ed. KLA delivered strong results for the March quarter, finishing at the upper end of the range of guidance for revenue and above the range for non-GAAP EPS. We achieved these results despite the near-term softening in the wafer fab equipment market, showing the resiliency of KLA's business model and the compelling value of our strategies focused on market and technology leadership, revenue diversification and operational excellence.
We also closed the Orbotech acquisition in Q1, and work has begun to execute integration efforts and realize revenue and cost synergies. The value creation opportunity and the combination with Orbotech are compelling. We are further diversifying our revenue streams and expanding our reach in the global electronics value chain, enhancing our ability to serve new and existing customers in fast-growing end markets, such as 5G infrastructure, smart mobile and automotive, to name a few.
Now I'd like to point out key reasons why the combination with Orbotech is an important component of our long-term growth strategy. Orbotech shares core values with KLA as well as a proven track record of enabling customer success, long -- having long distinguished themselves through market leadership, innovation, technology and talent. Orbotech is a market leader in each of the segments it serves, and there's no customer overlap in the PCB and flat panel markets, and there's no product overlap in the specialty semiconductor and advanced packaging business. Now we are serving a larger and more diversified market with a broader portfolio of products and solutions.
Orbotech's business is diversified, serving different segments, each with their own cycle dynamics. Orbotech's revenue in calendar 2018 grew 16% to $1.04 billion with a 3-year CAGR of 12%. Of note, the specialty semiconductor business grew 23% in 2018 and is poised for high growth again in 2019 against the backdrop of broad-based weakness in electronics manufacturing.
Turning now to today's semiconductor market environment. Based on consensus industry reporting, WFE grew in the mid-teens in 2018, which is significantly higher than was previously projected. Process control intensity remained flat in 2018 in a year of strong memory investment. We are seeing higher adoption of inspection and metrology solutions for memory customers to support the 3D NAND road map and scaling to tighten design rules and DRAM.
EUV was also a key factor in 2018 equipment spending, including process control infrastructure in reticle and optical wafer inspection. Given the expectation that EUV investment will continue in 2019, and together with a large percentage of foundry and logic spending in the WFE mix, we expect process control intensity to increase in the calendar year.
The Gartner report for 2018 shows KLA held strong market share in process control, thanks to our differentiated product portfolio, technology leadership and strong customer collaboration.
Consistent with our peers, we expect WFE will be down approximately 15% to 20% in 2019. Largely due to weaker DRAM demand, NAND investment is also expected to be down in the year. While foundry and logic investments will increase driven by the 7-nanometer ramp, EUV development and the steady trailing edge demand to support 5G infrastructure, IoT and automotive applications.
2019 will be a dynamic and exciting year for KLA. Despite the current market turbulence, we are well positioned to leverage the breadth of our product portfolio and our business execution competencies to show good relative performance in the year and emerge even stronger when the market rebounds.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bren for his review of the financial results. Bren?

Yes. This is -- I'll take part of it, and then -- this is Rick, and Bren can add in. It is true that the rate of decline -- the magnitude is higher, but that's largely because December finished stronger than 2018 than we had originally modeled. And so if you look at what the overall numbers we're talking about for 2019, we're still in a similar kind of range of $45 billion to $46 billion with WLP. So that was really the way we're looking at that. And we'd also said in the past that this is really starting to strengthen even into the June quarter. But the second half, as Bren indicated in his comments, are going to be stronger for KLA but also for the industry.

And I would say that on the trade tensions, I'd say that was a factor early in the calendar year, at the end of last year, of uncertainty. And now I think the way that China is behaving is more just based on the way the overall industry is behaving relative to demand. And so we're seeing those plans are gated on that not as much on concerns around trade.

And longer term, Harlan, we're -- we believe we're on track with the Orbotech plan that was laid out in 2017 when you talked about the longer-term trends all seem to be very positive. And we're excited about what we've seen. We think the company is well positioned with the Orbotech assets as part of KLA, and we'll continue to build on the momentum. As you say, FPD has had some headwinds, but there's been some good wins in the other parts of the business.

So I'll take part and then let Bren get into the specifics. I think you're right. I think that what we're seeing is the continued investment by our customers in the flagship products, both Gen 4 and Gen 5. And so one of the things, I think a couple of generations we realized, is we're going to keep investing in prior generations. So for example, the Gen 4 has had a build-out too in addition to what we're seeing in Gen 5. And I think for our customers, it's the most effective way to manage their yield challenges and ramp their facilities. So we feel really good about where we are. We continue to invest strongly. And as Bren will tell you, we're seeing the progress that we are hoping for in Gen 5.

Sure. I think that as we laid out early, Orbotech, we think, gives us access to another $2.5 billion in overall addressable market based on their position. We think that as we go forward, combine that with what we have in the rest of our business, we're at about $8 billion this year, and that should continue to grow. Basically, as we think about the products that are in the pipeline and things that we're working on, we think the TAM over the next few years grows maybe another 10% beyond that $8 billion as we go forward based on new product entries and market growth. So we don't need a tremendous amount of market growth based on some of the new work that's going on in pipeline, both for KLA, what was our process control business and now as we talk about our process business, which is in semiconductor, and also FPD and PCB.

Sure. This is Rick. There are 2 things going at once. One is, as you know, Orbotech was a successful company stand-alone for a number of years and has been successful in growing their business. So on the one hand, we've been very mindful of that as we begin integration to let them to continue to work together as a not quite separate but continue to drive their business independently. However, the last couple of months, we have seen customers actually ask us for -- to work together, and we've seen some opportunities to do that. So that's really a slow rollout. We're going to detail this in quite a bit when we come in September for our Analyst Day, and we're going to talk more about it. But it is very encouraging, especially in the specialty semiconductor where we do have customer overlap -- no product overlap but customer overlap, looking for more capability. And I also think there are some customers that the specialty semiconductor division was working on and the addition of KLA to the portfolio for them makes it more likely they'll gain mind share and also market share there. So we think there's great opportunity. The other businesses, it's maybe a little bit more of some cost synergies as we work through some of the operational opportunities we have there. And then there's supply chain, which kind of covers those 2 businesses also where we'll continue to drive that. But again, that's something we're going to lay out in more detail as we do our Analyst Day in September.

Process control intensity goes up with EUV. That's clear. And it does so because of the additional requirements associated with -- the reticle inspection is going to -- just the stakes are higher with those reticles. And I also think you're going to see more focus on print qual. So you're going to have more optical inspection as well, not to mention some of the changes we're going to have with overlay when they get to multi-pattern. So I think there's good reason to believe that we'll see intensity go up over time. Now when you think about how much of the market is really EUV at this time, it's a pretty small number. So that percent is going to take some time to accumulate, but it's definitely increased intensity.

Yes. Both things are true. We do see overall market coming down. As we said, memory down, China may be a little less so, and we're continuing to be strong as we help them in terms of some of their aspirations about driving these new processes. So yes, we do see intensity higher there, and we should outgrow in China.

There is some adoption there. I would say it's -- from our perspective, we're going to be engaged if that happens. I think like everyone, they're going to look at the cost/benefit of doing that versus the alternatives, probably most pronounced in VF formation. So I think that we're going to see the opportunities there as they come, but I would say it's much more limited in memory than relative to logic or foundry.

We do. Before -- I want to correct something I just said. It's the storage node on DRAM. That's what I meant, not the VF formation.
In terms of increasing intensity for the foundries, absolutely. I think the challenge for the foundries is yield at these  advanced nodes. And as you know, as you push these, the stress on EUV increases in terms of the economic viability. So we're going to see process control intensity throughout really the supply chain, whether it's -- and you have to make the reticles, and that's a challenging prospect now and maybe the most challenging. So between reticle formation and the print down on the wafer to make sure you have clean images, I think that's a challenge to make sure that the defectivity is low. So we're seeing demand in the design side to form these -- the [ early ] tape-outs. And then we'll see it in production. So as the nodes scale, I think they're going to be largely driven on the economics of those nodes as it drives our customers.

No real change. I mean we've talked about leveraging e-beam and e-beam platform to do some of the inspections on the reticle itself, and that's a reticle without a pellicle just to validate the design. But when you do -- when you print down and you're trying to model and manage the stochastic implications, you really need optical for that because you need to have enough throughput to be able to cover enough area. So it's certainly going to be a blended approach by our customers, and we're committed to having all the capabilities that they need.