Hello, and thank you for joining us today. KLA September 2021 quarter continued our track record of consistent execution and commitment to outperformance. The company's focus on delivering on top and bottom line goals remained at the forefront of how we run our business. 
During the quarter, revenue grew 8% sequentially and 35% year-over-year to $2.08 billion. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $4.64, representing 5% sequential growth and up 53% compared to the prior year. These results demonstrate growth momentum in our core markets and the operating leverage in the KLA financial model. 
Customer demand across KLA's major product groups continues as secular trends drive growth across a broad range of markets and applications in the industry. This growth is putting pressure on the semiconductor industry supply across multiple technology nodes. In parallel, leading-edge customers are increasing their strategic CapEx investments to improve their ability to address market demanding new semiconductor capabilities. Against this intense demand backdrop, we are navigating evolving customer needs and supply chain challenges. Still, KLA continues to outperform expectations by operating with purpose and precision and keeping our focus on creating value for our customers, partners and shareholders. 
Now turning to the industry demand environment. KLA remains in an excellent position when we look at the industry demand landscape. Strong secular growth drivers are creating important tailwinds that translate into momentum for our business. As a result, we are increasing our outlook for the wafer fab equipment, or WFE, industry. Last quarter, we estimated WFE growth would be in the mid-30s percent range. We now estimate that WFE will grow to approximately 40% in 2021. With sustained demand trends, we expect positive industry dynamics to continue into calendar 2022 and fuel another year of growth. 
Along with increased demand due to digitization across multiple categories, KLA's business is benefiting from customers increasing their focus on investment in leading-edge development, optimization of fab utilization or established production nodes and regionalization for future fab construction. To address this growth, we continue to invest high levels of R&D to ensure we're constantly improving and remaining indispensable for our customers. 
For example, we are prioritizing investment in R&D for software that enhances the value customers extract from KLA systems. Data analytics, advanced simulation and machine learning technologies are driving adoption of process control. KLA's data analytics performed platforms connect, centralize and analyze the data produced by our systems in the field. This creates a network effect that enhances performance across the product portfolio and for customers. 
KLA's breadth of products is uniquely positioned to speed time to results for our customers. We're making investments in these critical technologies as process control intensity increases. KLA's market leadership in the process control markets remain in impressive level -- at an impressive level of 4x the nearest competitor. Thanks to focus on execution and the industry demand backdrop, we remain on track to achieve our 2023 financial targets well ahead of expectations. 
Let's now move along to the top highlights for the quarter. First, we continue to benefit from strength across all major end markets with overall company revenue expected to be up in the mid-30s on a percentage basis year-over-year based on the midpoint of our guidance for the December quarter. While we're not immune to the unprecedented supply chain challenges affecting the electronics industry, we are navigating them as well as can be expected. 
In foundry/logic, simultaneous investments across multiple nodes and rising capital intensity continues to be a tailwind. In memory, demand remains broad-based across multiple customers with growth in 2021 led by DRAM and 2022 is setting up to be a relatively strong year for NAND. Second, our optical metrology business continues to stand out. KLA's metrology revenue is on track to grow meaningfully faster than the WFE market in 2021 after experiencing similar levels of absolute growth in 2020. The optical metrology market is strongly leveraged to EUV and its critical next-generation architectures, including gate all around and multi-stack 3D NAND. Third, KLA's leadership in the largest and fastest-growing segments of the process control market is fueling strong relative growth in our Semiconductor Process Control segment. 
Optical pattern wafer inspection is forecasted to be among the fastest-growing segments of WFE in 2021 for product segments over $1 billion in revenue. KLA's cadence of innovation and new product introduction continues to outpace the competition. Just last month, we introduced our new Voyager 1035 laser scanning patterned wafer inspector, the latest in an extensive portfolio of in-line defect inspection tools for critical process monitoring application and advanced chip manufacturing. Coupled with the Gen 4 and Gen 5 broadband plasma portfolio, KLA's laser scanning systems help comprise the most comprehensive optical pattern wafer inspection portfolio in the marketplace today. 
Fourth, our services revenue was $454 million in the September quarter, up 15% year-over-year. For the quarter, it was 22% of revenue. More than 75% of service revenue in the Semiconductor Process Control segment and over 90% of services in the PCB business comes from recurring subscription-like contracts. Services is on track for another year of strong double-digit growth in 2021. This is driven by our growing installed base, higher utilization rates and increasing expansion of service opportunities in the trailing edge. 
Finally, the September quarter was exceptional from a free cash flow perspective. We generated record quarterly free cash flow of $795 million, which helped drive last 12-month free cash flow, up 42% year-over-year to $2.29 billion. We also have remained focused on returning capital to shareholders via our dividend and stock repurchase program, both of which are up materially year-over-year, including $563 million in share repurchases and dividends in the quarter. 
In addition to executing against our strategic objectives and disciplined capital management, KLA delivers enduring value through corporate stewardship. KLA's values are reflected in efforts to reduce our environmental footprint, provide for a safe and healthy workplace for employees, advanced inclusion and diversity and make positive contributions to the communities where we live and work. 
We published our latest Global Impact report in August 2021. It highlights how KLA delivers lasting values through corporate citizenship. Our journey on this path began when we opened our doors in 1976. We are now expanding our efforts to be more holistic across environmental, social and governance topics most relevant to our business. 
We've also broadened our tracking and reporting to be inclusive of our full global footprint and acquired companies. We continue to build our long-term ESG strategy to focus on reducing climate impact, increasing disclosure and deepening the positive impact we deliver through our business and community engagement. 
With that, I will pass the call over to Bren to cover our financial highlights, outlook and guidance.

John, yes, thanks. It is -- for us, it is more driven by technology transitions than overall capacity. As you know, mostly, that's what drives the early adoption of our leading technologies. And what we're seeing with NAND is, NAND is as the design rules or the complexity continues, we're seeing a larger adoption of process control. As you know, the design rules aren't as advanced in NAND as they are as DRAM, but they're getting more challenging. And so that's driving larger amount of inspection requirement but also quite a bit in metrology as well. So it's really both.

Well, I think -- yes, I think the -- it's a more similar change, I think, as traditional ones because EUV has already been introduced. So what you're seeing is an increase. It's less of a revolutionary one in the sense that EUV is N5, and so you're going to see expansion of EUV layers as part of 3. So in that way, I think the mix phenomena will change towards some of the higher end tools. 
So for example, Gen 4 for us is significantly outselling Gen 5 in this calendar year because the bulk of the layers that could be done on a Gen 4 system. So as you move to 3, you're going to have more leverage towards a Gen 5 and -- now it turns out, we'll also be improving the capabilities on Gen 4. But I think you'll see it slightly shift. 
Remember, customers are always looking at the most cost-effective inspection strategy that they can have. So you're going to see it there. It will show up in metrology as well because there'll just be more points that will have to be sampled and that will drive utilization and the throughput requirements on tools. 
So Process Control intensity at the advanced nodes does get pushed harder, and we're definitely getting that feedback from our leading-edge customers the need for more capability and capacity to support that. So I think if anything, you're going to see a shift towards some of the higher ASP capability. At the same time, we're improving it. 
But in terms of a KLA market share perspective, we think it's actually positive for our market share. Because most of the time, when we have competitive situations, we tend to be in price competition at the lower end of most of the competition, and this will push things towards higher end which are the tools that we're really well positioned in and that will allow us to continue to our march towards higher market share over time.

Well, just in terms of overall percentages, I would say our Semi Process Control is pretty consistent with the overall this quarter for the company. Sometimes EPC tends to be heavier weighted to China and does pull the overall company up a little bit. But this quarter, it's pretty close. It does tend to be lumpier. So I think overall, if you look at the business, we probably expect overall China to be somewhere around in the low 20s as a percent for calendar year '21. Above that, I would say, 15% or so, maybe 20% is multinational. So 80% of that would be native.

I guess the final point on that also is that when you think about our business, we do have exposure to wafer into mask. And so if you look at what's going on in terms of domestic capacity for infrastructure to support the semiconductor business, we do have some exposure to that overall.

Yes. I would just add to that. I think the team has done an outstanding job of developing this capability and delivering it. We're getting very positive feedback from our customers. They really like the idea of some of the capabilities. They also like the leverage that we have between some of the algorithms we've developed in our other systems that they're familiar with being able to apply those to e-beam and also as Bren said the interoperability. 
So where we are anticipated and planned from a revenue standpoint on these, there are really multiple applications, which we're serving with e-beam. So we feel very good. But just as an overall cautionary reminder, e-beam as a percent of optical wafer inspection continues to be right about where it's been for the last 20 years, and we know that. We're providing this capability because there are some special applications where customers need it. And there are actually some expansion opportunities in things like some of the increased demands of overlay that require more people are looking at for e-beam in order to control the very advanced design rules. 
So it's meeting what we plan. We're happy with our execution and the market share is climbing, but it's a long haul to gain share in many of these markets, and we know that.

Yes. No, it's interesting this year. I think last year it was a little bit more heavy in trailing edge. In '21, it's been very leading edge-centric for our business. And I think '22 probably expands a little bit more in terms of the trailing edge. So it's about 20% to 25% of our foundry revenue, I'd classify as below 28-nanometer. And so I'd call that leading edge. And so 28 and above is about 25% or so. So 75% is below 28. And I think as we go into next year, I think we'll see a little bit more of the trailing edge activities.

Yes. And let me just add one perspective where I think actually it differentiates KLA in a positive light relative to our peers in the industry. Because we've always been high mix, low volume, and we have several strategic relationships with key suppliers, as Bren, we've actually always been working the supply chain and making sure we invested in our suppliers so that we had capability because in many cases, where we've been for years inextricably linked to them. 
So when this thing hit, I think we were able to navigate it better, because to Bren's point, we don't need as many. We don't need the biggest volume. And with the critical ones we've had historically strong relationships which we maintained through the different cycles. So that's why I think, again, it's another example of KLA being less volatile in a dynamic market. So that is part of it. It comes with a lot of work, a lot of hard work with our supply chain. But I think we have the trust and relationships with them that when we make commitments, we could follow through on them. 
So it has taken work to do, but I think that's part of why we've been able to scale and we went through the whole period. We didn't stop guiding. We hit our numbers. We haven't missed our performance expectations. And I think largely, it's because of those things.

Well, I'll take the first part, and Bren can speak to the margin opportunity. I think that, as you well know, a lot of these fabs are running a lot longer than historically, some of them have relied on some version of third party or their own service. As those factories have been upgraded with more recent KLA technology, it's really been falling on us to support that. So I give you the example of the C205 product line. That's not something that they're going to be able to readily get a third party to service or do it themselves or just wait. So we're engaging when we sell some of the newer capability into these more, I guess, traditional or trailing edge fabs, we provide more services and capability, and that's been part of the value proposition. 
The other factor, of course, that is helpful is they're all quite profitable enterprises for our customers, so they're willing to make that investment to secure their capabilities.

So yes, Tim, just to give a little more color on that. I do think if you thought about these big programs, they're pretty early stages. So I think by the time that it will result in significant accelerant to that growth were in 2023. So it's not really -- 2022, I think, rises with some of the industry and programs and partnerships that we already have, '23 is a result of some of the newer things that are being worked on now. And I've mentioned before and we've talked, we are very excited about what we're hearing and seeing in terms of both the opportunity and the desire for these bigger players to engage with KLA. So -- but that's not as much a '22 as it is a '23 phenomenon.

I think the biggest thing for what we're seeing in DRAM, and this was a question, I think, for quite a while, was EUV going to be simply for advanced logic devices, advanced foundry. And now we're seeing it, as you know, starting to happen in EUV. And everything that comes with that, all the infrastructure that goes with that, all the work that's going to go on to make sure that you can qualify the reticles, even though they have redundancy, there's a huge fear of throwing away. This is a very expensive infrastructure. So there's a lot of work going on already with Gen 5 to make sure that we can help qualify. 
And of course, you mentioned the high aspect ratio devices, you're going to see more -- I think, they've been in a honeymoon period for actually several years, I would say that some of the DRAMs historically, and you didn't see the Process Control intensity grow. This is a real chance for it to increase as a result of the new capabilities that are bringing -- just EUV, what that brings on. You also have a lot of metrology applications as well. 
So I think we do see it broadly. I don't think it will ever get to the levels of Process Control intensity we see in leading-edge foundry logic, but it will increase probably at a faster rate in terms of growth of process control as we go forward. Assuming the successful deployment of EUV, which right now is certainly what they're working on. 
Just one example of that is in what we're hearing now is for DRAM is that there seems to be no pellicle is going to be used in the lithography. That's the belief right now. And if so, that puts a lot of pressure on print check, which is a very high intensity application for Gen 5. So there would be an example of a new application. I can't remember -- I can vaguely remember, but it wasn't in any decades since we've been doing it on a print check in DRAM. So this would be a whole new application for those customers. 
And as you know, some of them have experienced in advanced logic, so they know what that means. At least one of them does. So there's going to be some crossover from that. So we're feeling pretty good about where that's coming in terms of shaping up for yet another driver for intensity.

Sure, Harlan. I mean I think that there was, I think, historically, a view of trying to leverage the older technology. But as you can imagine, those tools are quite aged at this point. So we definitely saw a step-up, plus it was harder for us to service it. So we're seeing a lot more capability we can offer now in some of these -- and I'd say the C205 is like a derivative tool of the BBP tool. So that's one where you get a lot of capability and certainly take advantage of all the work we've done in the algorithm area. 
And so we can offer it a lower cost because of the configuration and all that, but it has a lot of capabilities. So we're seeing much more interest in newer capability. And remember, these guys are getting pushed very hard by their supply chain, especially in automotive because there's such a focus on preventing some of the defects, reliability issues. As you know, those are incredibly expensive if they're caught later. So we're seeing pretty good adoption and growth. And it's kind of a little bit countered overall WFE's cyclicality. So we think that is a steady area of investment. 
What we laid out at the Investment Day, 100 years ago, it feels like 2019, we're still on track, actually ahead of plan for that in terms of automotive. And we anticipated bringing on some of these products at that time.

Oh, much higher. And I think it's just -- it's a better deal, frankly, for everybody. I mean the capability of the software, they can do more with them. We can service them more effectively, have a longer life. I think, a lot of upside for them to do that. In fact, in many of these older fabs, this might be the one area where they are bringing in new capability.