Thank you all for joining us today. I'd like to begin with a few comments about the quarter. First, KLA continues to benefit from multiple growth drivers reflected in our June quarter results. Specifically for this quarter, our revenue of $2.5 billion was at the top end of our guidance range and up 29% year-over-year and 9% sequentially.  
GAAP EPS was $5.40 and non-GAAP EPS was $5.81, both at the top end of our guidance range. The talented global teams at KLA have remained focused on responding to evolving customer needs and strategically navigating supply chain challenges. They are steadfast in their commitment to creating value for our customers, partners and shareholders.  
Our teams continue to follow the KLA operating model as a guide to meet our challenges and benefit from the opportunities of an evolving market. Driving this performance, strong customer demand across major product groups, macroeconomic uncertainty and the resulting effects of consumer demand are areas we are monitoring closely.  
Our customers have indicated some end markets, specifically PCs and mobile devices have softened over the past few months, and we have seen memory pricing in both segments weakened. While we have elevated concerns, we continue to see strong demand beyond our ability to supply from our customers with no material change in our shipment profile beyond the normal facility readiness issues and customers aligning tool deliveries with their production.  
In assessing the full CY '22 WFE outlook, we have evaluated the persistent supply chain challenges and recently announced CapEx adjustment in the memory category. With this in mind, KLA's outlook for WFE growth in '22 has tempered. Bren will expand more on the details when he discusses the outlook.  
We still see high single-digit WFE growth in calendar '22 and are confident in our ability to deliver relative WFE outperformance. We have supply chain challenges abate. This would be an additional upside. Process control is one of the fastest-growing segments of the overall WFE market. And as the market leader, KLA is in an inevitable position that fits the current demand landscape.  
We see continued investment in technology at the leading edge and increased demand for legacy nodes. We also see growth in technology categories, including Advanced Packaging. These factors all support steady long-term growth for the WFE category.  
We attribute KLA's consistent and strengthening market leadership to our focus on investing in innovation at a high level to drive differentiation through a unique portfolio of products and technologies that address the most critical process control challenges.  
Our technologies help our customers drive their growth strategy. I'd like to now briefly summarize a few quarterly highlights. First, KLA continues to drive strong relative outperformance versus peers. In foundry/logic, simultaneous investment across multiple nodes remain a tailwind. In memory, even with some customers' investment signaled to slow, demand diversification remains strong across multiple other industries.  
Second, our Wafer Inspection business again delivered impressive results in the June quarter as revenues grew 20% sequentially and 49% year-over-year. Third, KLA delivered record quarterly revenue from our Electronics, Packaging and Components business in the June quarter. Fourth, the KLA Services business surpassed the $0.5 billion quarterly revenue level for the first time as revenue was $512 million, up 15% year-over-year.  
Finally, the June quarter was another exceptional period from the perspective of free cash flow and capital returns. We generated quarterly free cash flow of $746 million, amounting to 23% (sic) [ 82% ] year-over-year growth. We also announced a $6 billion share repurchase program and a 24% increase in our quarterly dividend level. Additionally, we increased our long-term targeted capital returns to 85% of free cash flow.  
We remain focused on returning capital to shareholders versus -- via our dividend and stock repurchase programs. Also, this quarter, we introduced our new long-term revenue growth targets and financial model for 2026 at our June 16, 2022 Investor Day in New York City.  
KLA's new 9% to 11% revenue growth objective through '26 features strong relative growth in each of our major business lines over that period. Our long-term model assumes a baseline semiconductor industry growth CAGR of 6% to 7% through 2026, with many forecasts today for the semiconductor market to exceed $1 trillion by 2030.  
In summary, KLA's June quarter results once again demonstrate sustainable outperformance. Our consistent execution against various challenges in the marketplace, both in terms of macroeconomic uncertainty and in addressing persistent supply chain issues, highlights the resiliency of the KLA operating model, the dedication of our global teams and our commitment to assertive capital allocation and delivering long-term value to our stakeholders.  
Chief Financial Officer, Bren Higgins, will now go through our June quarter financial highlights and outlook. Bren?

Yes. Harlan, thanks for the comments and the question. I would say that certainly in the near term, we've seen no changes from our customers. In fact, the pressure is as high today as it was 3 months ago. And our adjustments to the near-term WFE were really related to some of the challenges that a lot of our peer companies are facing in terms of their ability to either ship tools or recognize revenue, and that would have an impact on WFE given the expectations for the second half -- in terms of growth in the second half versus the first half. 
It's too early for us to call '23. Certainly, we're monitoring what we see there. As we think about our planning and as we move into -- as we move outside of this year from -- at least from where we sit today, we see a sustainability in our output levels as we move into the first part of '23. 
Now we'll have to watch and see what our customers end up doing and particularly some of the challenges in the memory space and what that might mean. But at least from where we sit today, we see no real churn in the backlog and in expectations in terms of delivery timing.

So kind of 2 questions you threw in the EPC, one at the end. Let me start with the process control one. Often what we've seen historically in downturn is customers still want to get productivity. And one of the ways they do that as they focus heavily on yield improvement and process stability. So we actually see utilization stay high on the services in order to keep the tools capable. And sometimes they'll actually deploy some of their limited budget toward upgrading the installed base. 
In terms of EPC, obviously, we've not really been through a cycle with that. So it's a little bit secondhand knowledge. But it depends on the segment that they're in, in terms of -- but as you know, as a percent of our overall business, that will not change the dynamic that we see overall for our Services business -- should we hit some headwinds going into next year.

Yes. That's still true. The multinational activity in China is more mature. And so most of our business is in China, it tends to be native China as it relates to Semiconductor Process Control. So within Semiconductor Process Control systems, about 25% or so of our shipments are to China. 
And now overall, for the whole company [indiscernible] service and you include other parts of the company and EPC and so on, you end up closer to -- in this last quarter, it was 29%. Most -- so most of the business is there and most of it is across multiple projects. There's a lot of projects. They tend to be more foundry/logic. You also have investment in infrastructure related to reticle infrastructure and wafer infrastructure. And so there's investments that are happening there, and we have products that serve those parts of the market as well.

Yes. So 45% was memory, and the mix was 2/3 DRAM.

Sure. And yes, you're right. The leading edge guys are continuing, and we don't expect -- in our conversations with them, we don't expect any change in that. In terms of the trailing edge, it's not really been a big part of our business. And as we look forward, we're still struggling with demand -- with supply for some of them. 
And so actually, the conversations we've been having have been more about them asking if they could accelerate deliveries than changing the profile. So given the conversations we've had and their desire to upgrade their facilities, it's not really a change in our profile. It may soften, but it hasn't yet. And in fact, if anything, a comment I made earlier, people are asking if [ slots ] open up, could they get access to them, and that's really been more of the conversation that we've been having because some of the products that they need, especially in the trailing edge, tend to be [ BBP ] kind of oriented products where we have tremendous demand.

Thanks for the question. It doesn't really change our strategy. We're not going to make decisions based on that. We're going to make decisions as we always have, based on where it makes the most sense for us to build the products to support our customers where we can get the talent and where we can have the supply chains that we need. So it will not impact our decision making.

Yes. So I think our customers have the same kind of question you do. It doesn't really work that way. I mean, what they really want to do is move up the priority list. But as we keep explaining to them, we have far more demand than we have supply. And while we're working hard to expand it. So it's just the question of can we get things done sooner? 
And that's really what they're asking is can you tell? But my point is that is for many customers, the way they're approaching this, they're hopeful that this will give them a chance to get some of the products that are pretty far out in delivery. That's kind of the way to think about it. It's not really exactly the same. We do have allocations for people, but there just aren't no free slots. 
So if somebody were to drop out of the queue, the next person would just move up in terms of is the way that would work. So it's not -- people aren't going to jump ahead in the line.