Thank you, Ed. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. Q2 was another solid quarter for KLA with results finishing above the midpoint of guidance demonstrating the company is benefiting from our strategies for growth in market leadership while delivering strong relative performance in a challenging year for the industry. I'd like to provide some insights into today's equipment demand environment. Even with the signs of stabilization in NAND pricing, DRAM continues to be weak and the business environment in memory is soft. This has resulted in broad-based low levels of investment as customers have idle existing capacity and delayed new capacity plans as they focus on rebalancing supply and demand.
The weakness in memory is being offset by rising demand from foundry and logic which are traditionally strong markets for KLA. The business environment in foundry and logic is expected to continue to be strong through the second half of 2019 and into 2020 driven by next-generation technology development, capacity additions at the leading edge, increasing competitive dynamics and investment in EUV infrastructure. Altogether, our outlook for WFE investment in 2019 remains consistent with the initial view we held in January, with demand expected to decline by approximately 20% in the year and with a significant shift in product mix to foundry and logic.
Now I'd like to update you on some recent product highlights from our semiconductor process control business. KLA's market leadership is enabled by a successful execution of a portfolio strategy focused on differentiation to address our customers' most critical challenges. We're very pleased with our product positioning and the strong customer acceptance we're experiencing across our portfolio. For example, we are currently seeing accelerated adoption of our flagship Gen 5 optical inspection platform which is now in its second iteration since first being introduced in 2016. We expect Gen 5 shipments to double in 2019 compared to the previous year. Customers are leveraging the combination of sensitivity and throughput in this platform to enable unique detection of yield-limiting defects at significantly lower cost of ownership compared to the alternatives. The strong customer adoption of Gen 5 and the continued success of the Gen 4 platform, now in its fifth iteration, are further confirmation of the success of our multi-generation platform strategy for innovation and market leadership in optical inspection. Further, the latest generation of our laser scattering optical inspection platform, known as Voyager, is also enjoying strong adoption in the marketplace. Leading memory and foundry customers are deploying Voyager for inline monitoring application in high-volume manufacturing.
In mask inspection, the strong momentum which we have experienced over the past several quarters continues and is positioned to extend through 2020. We are seeing upside from leading foundries for our latest generation mask inspection platform and expect demand to broaden as customers move ahead with their EUV deployment strategies.
In metrology, as WFE is transitioning more toward logic and foundry, we're seeing strong adoption of the new film and CD platforms released last year as our customers ramp complex technology architectures like FinFET, new materials and new metal interconnects. And with the recent acquisition of Orbotech, we are further diversifying our business, broadening our product portfolio and growth opportunities and serving a larger market. Integration and synergy activities are now well underway, and we're very excited about the growth opportunities in combination with Orbotech. We look forward to further discussions of this in our upcoming Investor Day in September.
In summary, despite uncertainty in the current industry demand environment, momentum is building for KLA driven by strength in our semiconductor process control business and contributions from the recent acquisition of Orbotech. As a result, we're on a path for strong relative performance in 2019 while we continue to drive innovation and introduce differentiated products and solutions to serve the market when growth reaccelerates.
With that, I'll turn the call over to Bren for his commentary on the Q2 financial results. Bren?

I'll give you some thoughts and then let Bren weigh in. Right now, we don't see -- as we said, we don't see a lot of momentum in DRAM. I think what we've got now is some strengthening. I think -- we think in the foundry and logic as we said, but not a lot other than technology migration and not a lot of capacity. So you think about when the recovery might come for NAND is probably first half of 2020, and DRAM, where our customers are saying now, is more mid-2020 time frame before we'd see any meaningful change.

Sure, John. I think a couple of things. One, we mentioned the strength in Gen 5 and a lot of that is driven -- first, logic is going to drive that harder and we're seeing a transition from Gen 4 to Gen 5 in terms of the bulk of our systems. 
So the design world shrink are going to drive smaller defectivity requirements driving us toward the Gen 5. The other thing that's happening is, overlay is a big driver for us in terms of the additional pressure put on our customers as they drive advanced design rules. You mentioned EUV. We're seeing that in a couple of ways. One, we're seeing in the mask shops with the number of starts pre-EUV, but also they anticipated large number of EUV, but also the print down checks because I think what's really going to happen for a while is people are going to want to verify the design, so another use for Gen 5.
So overall, we think there's going to be an increase in process control intensity as we introduce EUV. I think that, that's more in the development phase. Longer term, I think it levels out a bit as we get into high-volume production later. But right now, definitely the mix is favorable to us in terms of what we're seeing. We also mentioned increased competition in foundry, and that's also been a driver, I think, to the mix shift overall.

I think just to build on one aspect of it. I think the fact that we've extended the Teron platform to be able to handle these EUV layers, we benefit whether or not -- depending on the number of EUV layers, we still benefit because we've got an optical platform that can handle either the mask for EUV or for traditional lithography. So I think that's part of why we are benefiting more depending on the starts and just the intensity of the advanced nodes than necessarily just on the EUV because it's still not clear how many layers and at what nodes they're going to be adopted, but we're seeing strength in reticle regardless of which way that goes.

Yes. But just to put it in [ indiscernible ] [ parlance ] we're still within a few percentage of what we'd originally modeled in terms of profitability and contribution to KLA for the business. So it still looks good, as Bren said, some kind of shifting dynamics, so not really that different from what we thought earlier in the year.

We have definitely seen some puts and takes in China, Tim, to the point, but we're seeing what others are seeing, where -- so maybe increased urgency in terms of the second half to get those projects fully up. It's -- and as you know, there's just a lot of noise in the system in terms of what effects might come in. The only substantial thing we've seen is a very small part of our business, as Bren mentioned. But overall, pretty much where we thought in terms of the second half having some strength in it.

In total.

Yes. So let me take the first part and then give it to Bren. So we're not going to call it legacy, it's a process control business now that we have other businesses, and the trajectory is good. We're going to get into more discussion of the outlook at our Analyst Day next month. But definitely we feel like things are coming our way in terms of the right kind of market momentum, the advanced design rule work that's going on in addition to some of the competitive dynamics. We talked about Gen 5 strengthening and some new projects, new products hitting the market so we feel very good about overall position. And Bren can talk about in broader terms.

Well, I think that what we said all along is we think there's a complementary rule for optical in e-beam, and this continues that. I think that what we have in our latest technology is a very capable e-beam tool that when our customers utilize with our advanced optical, they really get the best of both in terms of capabilities for the market. But I don't think there'll ever be a day where there's not a complementary e-beam solution with optical. Optical keeps getting better, e-beam has to get better, too. But I think the general mix between e-beam and optical will remain about the same in terms of the way customers spend their dollars. But we're very excited about what we've seen in the market, and we think the synergy of having our optical tool coupled with our e-beam is really great for our customers trying to solve some of their very challenging problems.

Yes, so this is Rick. I'll talk more sentiment than actual numbers in terms of 2020 because we really don't know. But you can always tell how your customer is behaving with the mood is in the market. And right now, we're actually in a situation where we see a lot of energy around our customers pushing for a new capability, pushing for -- getting their advanced designs out. You see a lot of tape outs, the mask business has been good. So definitely feel strong.
The other thing not to be missed, what Bren mentioned, is we don't see a lot of reuse happening because of some of the challenges of the new technology. So that was something that we were trying to really map out to see what it was going to look like. And the combination of new capability on our side, new challenges on our customers' side, make us feel like -- it looks very strong in terms of the momentum.
How long into '20, we don't really have great visibility into that. It's just now we have a case where you've got multiple players really concerned about bringing out new technology and ramping new devices. And at the same time, we're hitting with some products that are new to the market and very exciting for us.

Yes. Sure. It was pretty resilient. I think that as Bren mentioned, there was a little bit of softening we saw, but overall, we still see growth -- healthy growth rate. It was a little bit under what's been modeled for the long term, but we actually think we'll catch back up with that long-term modeling for a lot of reasons. I mean I think that the utilization on some of the fabs has obviously been decreased, but the service base is so large now and there is a lot of value in keeping those tools up and running. So we feel pretty good about it. Still -- and I think the slowest quarter was still in low- upper- single-digits, so pretty good, about 8%.

The initial feedback, and we're still -- we're on a number of sites and we're getting feedback and we're doing demos. It's -- feedback is good. We're not ready to start modeling it into the numbers yet because it does take a while to get the adoption of these platforms going. But we feel pretty good about the technical capability and the production worthiness. It does, as I say, take a little while for customers to adopt enough to contribute meaningfully when we're at $5 billion run rate.

Well, it's -- think of it like a lithography mix and match. So what you get is you end up with customers deploying the most cost-effective solution they can that has the capability that they need. And that really cascades starting with e-beam, then getting to 39xx, then 29xx and then the new Voyager platform. So it's really -- the easier layers are harder than they used to be on the advanced nodes. So customers will deploy, where they can, the Gen 4, and then they'll put Gen 5 up against the problems when that's the only way to really solve them. Does that answer your question?

I don't think it's as much about -- I think what happens is there is uncertainty maybe about their own plans and their ability to procure tools. So that maybe pushed it out. And then when they realized they could do it, pulled it back in. I don't want to speak for them. But I think it's more that the project's getting solidified. And I think 90 days ago maybe that was more on pause to see if they could get even get the toolsets. So that's kind of where we are. It's not so much about end demand, I don't think, as them staying on some of their plans. And by the way, there are a lot more programs there that we already derated if you go back a couple of years ago and had listened to what customers had said. We're getting closer and closer to what we anticipated for 2019 and a going run rate for 2020.

Yes. Still not yet. I think we do expect that, to see that. And the current expectation is, as you say, it's probably next year, probably the third guys to do that.

We don't -- it's too early for us right now to see 2020 picking up. I do think we had some marginal improvement off of the bottom. But I would say that it's probably later than that and to your point, we are actively working some of the synergy programs there.

We haven't thought about it in those terms. I'd probably say half and half though. I mean if I thought about it, it's broad use in development. I think what happens -- and especially since we make improvements to it and drive the productivity of the tool up, then it starts to be competitive in terms of cost of ownership with some applications for Gen 4. But a lot of this, as you might imagine, the discovery aspect of a new product is you're not really sure what it's going to find and what value it's going to create. So now what we're seeing is significant value as you say even in some maybe more traditional places. And frankly, what we originally expected was in some places people might have tried to deploy e-beam inspection. They get away from that by leveraging the much higher throughput of the optical platform. So we kind of see it broadening and feel very good. It took us a little while, but we feel very good about the progress there.

So just one last dynamic. I think you may know but what a lot of customers do is it takes them a while to prove out the capability of a tool before they release it even internally for broad use. And so what we've seen in the last couple of quarters is we've kind of broken through at some critical places where they have broader ability now to deploy outside of the first people who're just evaluating it. So that really opens up a number of use cases, and hence, the significant progress in Gen 5.