KLA reported excellent results for the December quarter, with shipments, revenue and earnings per share each closing above the range of guidance in the period. The December quarter caps the third consecutive year of mid-teens revenue growth for KLA. The consistent, strong financial performance we are delivering is a result of our continued customer collaboration, product innovation and outstanding operational excellence.
Our performance also highlights the strength and resilience of the KLA business model and the company's ability to consistently deliver long-term growth while delivering top-tier financial performance and strong cash returns to stockholders. Consistent with this vision and with an eye to the future, on January 10, we unveiled the new name and logo for KLA Corporation. Our new, more contemporary brand honors the legacy of KLA's past and reflects our vision of the future for employees and for partners.
Now for some perspective on today's market dynamics. In terms of our view of the current WFE demand climate, we are aligned with the consensus expectations for a down year for the equipment investment in 2019, largely driven by meaningful declines in memory spend in both segments, which is expected to be partially offset by growth in advanced foundry and logic. However, notwithstanding the near term market headwinds currently impacting WFE investment, the long term growth dynamics for the industry remains strong, fueled by larger and more diversified semiconductor device end demand and disciplined market-driven capacity planning. The reduction in memory capacity investment we are seeing today is a result of weaker mobile demand and a pullback in data center. However, we expect supply and demand to rebalance over time given a more rational and disciplined capacity investment posture by customers.
In contrast to memory, leading edge foundry and logic investments have begun to ramp and momentum is expected to continue in 2019, reasonably balanced through the year with customers investing to support transitions to advanced nodes and the insertion of EUV lithography. For KLA, we have already seen our mix of business shifting to logic and foundry and investment from these customers is expected to remain strong in 2019.
Now for some highlights of our market leadership and product differentiation strategies. KLA continues to experience significant growth in demand for our wafer and mask inspection products driven by tighter wafer cleanliness and geometry specifications in the bare wafer market and the introduction of both EUV and non-EUV projects at the 7-nanometer node in the mask shops. We're also seeing strong customer acceptance of recently released new products, including the revolutionary new Voyager laser scanning pattern inspection and the SP7 bare wafer inspection platforms. Both products are being adopted in volume at multiple customer sites, demonstrating that our long-term R&D investments and product strategies are meeting market requirements and enabling customers to progress their advanced technology road maps.
KLA's service business also continues to deliver excellent revenue growth performance while generating strong cash flow. Service is expected to exceed $1 billion in calendar '19 and deliver long term annual revenue growth rates in the 9% to 11% range. Growth in services is tied to a number of factors, including expansion of the installed base and more end demand for legacy applications, driving higher utilization of capacity and extension of useful life.
These are just a couple of examples of how our strategies for technology and market leadership are delivering results. As we move ahead in the new year, we remain focused on advancing our long-term strategies, positioning the company for success and continuing to deliver strong financial performance and long-term stockholder value.
To conclude before handing the call over to Bren, I'd like to give a quick update on the status of the Orbotech transaction. KLA and Orbotech are continuing to work cooperatively on approval of our transaction with the Chinese antitrust authority, the State Administration for Market Regulation, and we're finalizing discussions with them. We expect to receive China regulatory approval this quarter. Given the timeliness and sensitivity of these discussions, we will forgo any further discussions and will not answer additional questions regarding the transaction until we have new developments to discuss.
This concludes my comments for today. Now I'll turn the call over to Bren. Bren?

No real change. This is Rick. In terms of the rate of adoption, we see continued piloting in early development with an intent to ramp. And we're participating in that through some of the development work we do and also in the mask shop some of our demand has been driven by that. But no real change in the cadence of what we've seen in the past.

I'm sorry, C.J., what's driving the demand from the device standpoint or for us?

Yes, sure. It's pretty straightforward actually. Most of the demand early in the 7-nanometer comes out of the mask shop because that's where people are qual-ing new mask sets and driving a lot of utilization of new capability in the mask shop. And also in the development phases of trying to get those devices to work. And then it'll shift toward production and it will drive more in line kind of applications, both inspection and also some of the metrology needs as we ramp. But right now, what we're experiencing is mainly in the mask shop and the development.

No, nothing has delayed. If anything, throughout calendar '18, we saw accelerated demand in support of a larger number of starts than we would have forecast for a year ago in terms of advanced design. So far more tapeouts of advanced designs, both for EUV, but also just advanced 7-nanometer without EUV. So we're seeing the demand on both of those. We don't have an EUV-specific tool in the market. We have tools that can cover both. So we're pretty well situated to support it either way. But that's been strong and particularly in the foundry logic area.

Yes. Some of both, but for sure, the DRAM will push inspection, high-level inspection sensitivity because they're more sensitive than, say, a NAND flash would be towards advanced inspection capability for smaller defects. So definitely, DRAM is going to push it in terms of things like our Gen 5. Metrology, both of metrology more so I think the flatness and cleanliness on wafers for NAND has been a driver we've talked about in the past. So it then moves when you got a DRAM back to overlay constraint. So it really depends. Fortunately, for us, there are different problems that kind of push different parts of the portfolio depending on where they are in the cycle.

Customer interest remains high. We are now on a phase of this program where because we're engaged in developments with specific customers, we're not talking publicly about progress. But I can tell you there's a lot of interest, a lot of demand out there for capability as you've seen the increase in EUV capability and implementation. But we're not in a position right now to go through the specifics of where we're going based on the collaborations we have.