Thanks, Ed, and thank you all for joining us. I plan to briefly cover 3 items in my prepared remarks today before handing off to Bren. First, a quick review of KLA-Tencor's outstanding results in the March quarter, followed by highlights of our very strong market performance in 2017 as reported by Gartner and concluding with our updated growth outlook for the industry and for KLA-Tencor in calendar 2018.
Let's begin with the March quarter highlights. I'm very happy to report another record quarter for KLA-Tencor with revenue topping $1 billion for the first time in March and finishing at the upper end of the range of guidance. Diluted non-GAAP earnings per share was a record $2.02. These results were driven by our ongoing focus on customer success and technology leadership and reflect the strong momentum we are experiencing in the marketplace across each of our major product groups and in services.
Also, on March 19 we announced a definitive agreement to acquire Orbotech Ltd. This acquisition is the next chapter in the progression of KLA-Tencor's strategies for profitable growth and long-term value creation. With this combination, KLA-Tencor will be a diversified technology leader in process and yield management solutions and services, extending our reach to address even more of the electronics value chain from semiconductor device manufacturing to packaging, printed circuit board and flat panel display manufacturing. We have kicked off the integration planning and regulatory review efforts, and these processes are moving forward as planned. We are very impressed with the Orbotech team and are excited about the opportunities that this combination will create as we execute our strategies to benefit customers, stockholders and employees. Coupled with the momentum we are experiencing in our core inspection and measurement business and with the prospect of augmenting that growth with the new assets from Orbotech, we are very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for KLA-Tencor.
Turning now to highlights of the recently published Gartner market report for 2017. The data shows that the very strong year for wafer fab equipment investment and with memory customers accounting for approximately 65% of overall WFE demand in 2017, KLA-Tencor grew or maintained a strong market position and drove SAM expansion in each of our major product markets while addressing increasingly more complex inspection and measurement requirements in the marketplace. With WFE forecasted to remain at a high level in 2018, we expect overall process control intensity to grow in the year driven by growing value of inspection and measurement in addressing critical customer problems and semiconductor industry expansion in China.
As a leader in process control, KLA-Tencor continues to strengthen our position in China both in terms of customer footprint and adoption. We are still on the early stages of a multiyear investment cycle in China, which represents a tremendous opportunity for KLA-Tencor. The presence of subscale factories under tremendous pressure to yield while still in start-up mode and the overall complexity associated with developing a world-class semiconductor industry will drive significant growth for our business in the region.
In addition, the high level of investment by memory customers has driven an unprecedented investment cycle in unpatterned wafer inspection and metrology to support capacity growth and wafer manufacturers and IC fabs as well as to meet more stringent wafer cleanliness and wafer flatness specifications in vertical NAND. These products experienced record demand in 2017 with order momentum continuing in 2018 and with shipments and revenue expected to scale in this calendar year and into 2019.
Now for some product highlights that underlie our strong market performance. First, we saw particular strength in mask inspection in 2017. Gartner estimates the mask inspection market grew 64% in the year to $538 million, fueled in large part by customer investment in EUV lithography and by continued strength in multi-patterning optical lithography. KLA-Tencor's mask inspection technologies are critical to customer success in bringing EUV to market. We are collaborating with each of our major customers to accelerate EUV mask development, yield and requalification.
Other process control challenges inherent to EUV include resist qualification and scanner control. These, along with the complex patterning and defectivity issues associated with the current EUV source technology, present market opportunities that we believe KLA-Tencor is uniquely positioned to address with the most comprehensive process control portfolio in the semiconductor industry. EUV promises to be a positive catalyst for future growth of the advanced process control market and for KLA-Tencor.
The overlay metrology market grew 29% in 2017 to $456 million. KLA-Tencor is a pioneer in overlay metrology, deploying unique capability across 2 different technology platforms. The growth of memory investment in 2017 was a major factor in the strength in overlay metrology and in other metrology markets for KLA-Tencor in the year, driven by the increased complexity in advanced memory design architecture including multiple layers, in-film stacks and verticalization of structures.
Finally, in optical pattern wafer inspection, KLA-Tencor's largest served market, SAM, SAM grew 6% in the year to over $1.3 billion. And we experienced our strong market leadership driven by customer preference for our broadband plasma and laser scattering optical inspection portfolio over competing wafer inspection technologies including e-beam. These are just a few of the product successes that led to our sales growth in SAM expansion in 2017. This growth is a result of the continued successful execution of product and service strategies that address increasing inspection and measurement challenges in today's marketplace. And through that, KLA-Tencor is helping to drive customer success in the period of strong growth for the semiconductor industry.
Turning to the overall industry environment for calendar 2018. Coming off an exceptionally strong year in 2017, the investment landscape in each of the major customer end markets today is solid, supporting a WFE industry growth outlook that is currently expected to be in the high single digits to low double digits in 2018. In terms of our view of the end markets, we see memory once again comprising 70% or more of WFE investment in 2018 led by the ongoing ramp in 3D NAND, capacity expansion in DRAM and continued investment from China memory. In foundry, we are expecting to see orders for the first wave of investment in 5 nanometers to begin in the second half of the year with logic investment in 2018 focused on 10 nanometer. And finally, we expect continued expansion of EUV lithography investment in foundry and DRAM in the year.
  Given our technology leadership, strong customer acceptance of new products, improving process control intensity and leading edge memory and our strength in China, KLA-Tencor is expecting to deliver revenue growth of 10% or more in 2018. This does not include any contribution from the Orbotech acquisition, which we expect to close by the end of the year.
I will now turn the call over to Bren Higgins for his comments. Bren?

Tim, I'll take it and then give it to Bren. Yes and yes. I mean, I think China definitely helps because of the greenfield fabs, which are always great for process control intensity, but also newer players needing to get the capability to ramp. The second part is that we have new capability which the market is recognizing the need for, and so we're seeing increased process control adoption as a result of that. And that's both in the developments in NAND, but also in DRAM as they continue to push design rules.

We have had good success with Gen 5. I think we are still in the mode of proving out the capability before it ramps into production. We do have a couple of places where we're seeing multiple units ramping, but it is a relatively long cycle. We have seen the pull-in of product nodes. So in the case where we did think it'd be more tied to EUV, we've seen more work characterization of existing nodes kind of to the problems that you're talking about. I think people that felt like maybe they'd resolved some of the yield challenges are definitely using some of their initial capability to debug. So we are seeing some opportunity for that, but it's still -- it's kind of as we expected. It's a relatively long adoption cycle once people get in the evaluation, and most of the customers are encouraged but continuing to push that.

Yes, let me take it. And maybe to view it from a more -- from a portfolio perspective, we did see strength, as you mentioned and we talked about in the prepared remarks, due to a number of new tape-outs and advanced design rules and this, of course, being driven largely by people pushing designs and mask shock capability for EUV, but not only that. Yes, we do see continued strength overall in support of EUV. And when we look at our overall process control intensity for EUV as compared to optical, if you look at the 1 scanner of optical deep UV versus EUV, you need a similar percentage, maybe a little bit more percentage, of process control intensity to support that. That includes the fractional use of reticle tools as well as wafer tools in order to support it. So we -- while the overall industry, in general, may see capital intensity decline in areas other than litho, process control will track and maybe even outpace litho for process control intensity for EUV. So we're encouraged by that. In terms of e-beam, we're finding that there is a lot of appetite for the optical extensions that we have on the platform, and so we continue to support our customers with that. One of the notes of the -- comments of this slipping out of nodes due to yield means they're also delaying advanced EUV insertion, which gives the optical a longer runway. So we feel very well positioned to support that.

Yes, I'll take it, but I'll also have Bren comment as well. In support of EUV, the question we're just addressing, we have seen reticle. So I think the reticle timing of that is maybe more consistent with the shipments of EUV tools, and that is of support of the same development work that's going on. We do expect to see an increase towards the end of the year in activity around the ordering for 5-nanometer node, and we talked about that in the prepared remarks. But I think that, that is coming and that's something that we'll see later. And to your point, we did have -- we had a great quarter, but it wasn't really driven by our foundry business and we expect that to be late '18 and carryover into '19.

Yes, C.J., great question. I think if we just held serve, in other words, if the mix didn't move as much toward memory and if you held memory as a ratio to foundry logic was the same in a year where that was flat then, of course, we believe process control intensity would grow. Even though process control intensity did go up in memory, as Bren mentioned and as you well know, it can't make up for the mix shift that we saw. So I'd see that would be the main way process control intensity because the growing memory market on a relative basis, but on a process control intensity, it goes down if you do a weighted average.

Yes, for DRAM, we do see -- put more and more capability for inspection. Both the high-speed kind of inspection that we do in monitoring, which is laser scanning base; but also in development, which is Gen 5 oriented in the leading edge. We also see overlay challenges in DRAM are very significant and it drives our metrology business for overlay. And so yes, there is an increasing trend. 3D NAND has probably had more growth on a relative basis than DRAM, but we do see increasing trends in DRAM as well.

I think that the Chinese foundry market has slowed a little bit, and we've seen some delays there. Whereas the Chinese memory market continues to move forward with investment, and they're dealing with all the things you'd expect from bringing greenfield fabs up in terms of challenges with getting facilities ready and tools installed. But we do see strength in the memory. As Bren said, we'll see more of that. It has been a little bit softer on the foundry side though.

We haven't really seen dropout happen for many players as were going to 7. So I'd say the same people that were in, I think they're phased in terms of their investment. There aren't that many players doing advanced design rules for foundry, but they're all still in and we expect them at various phases to be investing. So no real change in breadth from the foundries on the advanced nodes.

Well, we're pretty down in foundry. So I mean, I think our profile is consistent with that, and we don't anticipate a lot of strength in foundry until we get later into the end of the year and into '19. So all our commentary and all our forecasting agrees with your thesis, but there's a point here. We are seeing increased activities, however, around advanced node and investment and that's, of course, the precursor to more investment that's coming. So we're definitely seeing it, and some of the reticle business that we're seeing now is in support of that. So given historical patterns, the same path is being followed where you have the initial investment around the development, followed by ramp. The size of those ramps may be smaller than in the past, and that's part of what we anticipate model as we talk about our business going forward.

Right. There -- I don't think anything's changed from the perspective of the Chinese in terms of what we've seen in terms of some of the discussions. This is a program to gain sufficiency -- self-sufficiency in memory and in logic over time because China's such a big importer of semiconductors. So I don't think there's any change. I thought you were going to ask me what does it sound like? And we take their numbers and cut them in half and we still have a big growth forecast for China based on the investment level that we're seeing and the activity that's gone on there. But I don't see any change as a result of any of the recent noise in the system around trade.

I'll take the first part and Bren could take the second. There's really been very really little commentary from customers. This is such a different deal that even in the case where the larger customers are focused on some of them have interest in both areas, they're not the same organization so there's not much overlap. I think the one thing that our customers have said consistently is they don't want us to lose focus on what we're doing for them, and we're not. There's -- structurally, we're going to organize in such a way that we will maintain every bit as much focus as we have today supporting our existing customers. But that has been the only commentary we've heard at all is please continue to support us, but there was no assumption by them that we wouldn't. They just -- when they felt compelled to voice something, that was it.

We don't. That's not something that we have heard about. I think that, again, if you look at the nature of any of the deals that have had issues associated with that, they look nothing like this. So we don't anticipate that.

Yes, well, we haven't worked out the entire model for that. But if you're just talking about what it takes in process control intensity to support a deep UV scanner versus what it takes to support an EUV scanner, obviously, EUV scanner is more expensive. But the tools necessary from a process control standpoint to support that are more advanced or more intense. So the resulting intensity around a scanner choice actually goes up slightly in terms of total dollars. Acknowledging that the cost of an EUV scanner is higher, the process control intensity actually scales a little bit faster than the scanner cost in order to support it. And that's simply the ecosystem around the scanner, so the reticle qualifying the wafers, qualifying the image, the measurements that are necessary to support that. It doesn't take into account all the other things where there will be a reduction in layers, but just from that standpoint. So we view EUV as being a catalyst for additional growth for KLA-Tencor as it comes online.