Thanks, Kevin, and thank you for joining KLA's earnings call today. KLA's March quarter results demonstrate continued momentum in our business. We delivered strong 27% year-over-year revenue growth.
Non-GAAP gross and operating profit rose 30% and 48% year-over-year, respectively. And free cash flow grew 47% to a record level. We accomplished these by executing our strategic vision amidst a dynamic business environment. Year-to-date, we've seen a sharp increase in business levels across each of our major markets. This is primarily due to secular demand trends driving semiconductor industry growth across a broad range of markets and applications such as 5G and cloud computing.
Our customers are increasing their strategic CapEx investment to address these growth markets while continuing investment in leading-edge R&D efforts.  Against this backdrop of strong demand, we continue to navigate evolving customer requirements and dynamic supply chain challenges. Still, KLA has not missed a beat and continues operating at an exceptionally high level, delivering on our commitments, staying focused on creating value for our partners, customers and shareholders.
We would be remiss if we did not mention that achieving these results would be impossible without the extraordinary contributions of our talented global teams who always rise to the challenges of meeting our customers' needs in an increasingly complex global business environment. Three key things enabled KLA's record results and momentum: one, successful innovation and market leadership; two, the resourcefulness and talent of our global workforce; and three, the strength and resiliency of the KLA operating model.
Before we discuss those further, let me begin by touching on how we see the industry demand environment now. Strong secular demand trends continue to shape multiple markets and are fueled by the increasing digitization of end markets and industries. In addition, there's a heightened focus on the strategic nature of our customers' investments around both leading edge development, optimizing facility utilization and regionalization. As a result, our WFE forecast has improved, even further from January, reflecting the strength of demand we're experiencing over the past couple of months, with momentum continuing into calendar 2022.
And in this environment, KLA is experiencing a sharp increase in customer demand for systems and support for 2021 deliveries. And our expectations for KLA revenue growth have increased from our initial assessment in January. This momentum in customer investment is happening against a backdrop where process control intensity maintains its momentum and KLA continues to drive market leadership at levels approximately 4x the nearest competitor. Propelled by the upside we're experiencing in the underlying WFE markets, KLA market leadership, increasing long-term process control intensity, our broader reach into electronics ecosystem and the contributions of our large and growing service business, KLA is on track to achieve our 2023 financial targets well ahead of our original expectations.
KLA's market leadership results from the ongoing successful execution of the company's customer-focused strategy, which is based on investing a high level of R&D to drive differentiation with the unique portfolio of products, technologies and strategies that address the most critical process control market challenges. We're pleased to continue to see the success of our efforts being validated by our customers' purchasing decisions. Here are some recent success stories to illustrate the point.
The most recently published Gartner data shows that in 2020, the total optical inspection market grew at a rate double that of the growth rate of the overall WFE market to approximately $1.9 billion, with KLA maintaining our strong market leadership and 83% share of this critical market for process control.
Many already know that KLA is participating in the automotive electronics through our semiconductor packaging and PCB product lines. We're excited by near-term plans to launch new versions of our process control products tailored for the automotive industry. This quarter, expect to hear more about how KLA has positioned our wafer inspection portfolio to help customers drive higher reliability, quality and yield in automotive applications in both 200-millimeter and 300-millimeter production, which will help address some of the reported automotive semiconductor shortages going forward.
Calendar year 2021 is positioned to be the 6th consecutive year of revenue growth for KLA, demonstrating strong through-cycle growth, the success of our diversification strategies and our market leadership in process control and a large and growing contribution from our Services business.
Let's briefly cover the top 5 highlights from the March quarter results. First, we saw continued strength and breadth in foundry/logic demand in the quarter. As expected, memory demand also grew, as memory customers planned for growth in equipment investment in 2021 to meet improving end demand. We expect higher business levels across a broader set of customers in the March quarter, with demand momentum continuing throughout 2021 across major end markets. The strength in demand we're seeing reflects KLA's essential role in supporting our customers' drive to innovate and continue to invest in future technology nodes.
Second, Gartner's recent market share report for 2020 sized KLA's share of process control over 53% for the year. KLA's market share in process control has maintained a steady growth trajectory over the past 10 years. Highlights of the 2020 report show KLA continuing to strengthen our core franchise in optical inspection and strong momentum against e-beam inspection and optical metrology. Increasing investment in leading-edge foundry/logic accelerated adoption of the EUV continues to be major factors driving equipment spending.
KLA's market leadership once again demonstrates the success of our portfolio approach to solving complex customer requirements at the leading edge. Third, our Services revenue was $428 million in the March quarter or 24% of total sales, with over 75% of Services revenue in our Semiconductor Process Control segment resulting from recurring contract agreements. Services is on track for another strong double-digit growth year, driven by our growing installed base, higher utilization rate and increasing expansion of service opportunities in the trailing edge and the EPC group. Our Semi Process Control service business revenue continues to grow faster than the rate of the installed base, growing approximately 2.8x faster over the last 5 years.
Fourth, this was another growth quarter for our Electronics, Packaging and Components, or EPC group, highlighted by record quarterly bookings for the semiconductor -- the specialty semiconductor business. Growth was driven by automotive, 5G, wireless connectivity and advanced packaging applications across various end markets. With EPC, KLA is now providing a more comprehensive and broader product portfolio across fast growing new markets in the electronics value chain such as RF, automotive semiconductors and advanced packaging. As it relates to EPC's opportunities in advanced packaging markets, KLA is strengthening our engagement with the top 5 semiconductor market leaders in packaging, and we're expanding our reach with OSATs. KLA is ramping our investment in advanced packaging market to drive adoption of new technologies in this exciting growth market in addition to new inspection products for high level production and assembly. 
Finally, in keeping with our commitment to deliver strong and predictable capital returns to our shareholders, in the March quarter, we repurchased $273 million of our common stock and paid $139 million in dividends for a total capital return of $412 million or 71% of free cash flow of $585 million, which was also a record. Last July, KLA's Board of Directors authorized the 11th consecutive annual dividend increase to a yearly run rate of $3.60 per share. Since its inception in 2006, KLA's dividend payout has grown at a CAGR of approximately 15%. We believe KLA's track record of delivering strong capital returns is a key component of the KLA investment thesis and offers predictable and compelling value creation for our shareholders.
Before Bren gets into greater details of our financial highlights, let me recap. KLA's March 2021 results demonstrate the critical nature of KLA's products and services and enabling the digital transformation of our lives, the resiliency of the KLA operating model and our commitment to productive capital allocation. KLA is exceptionally well positioned at the forefront of technology innovation with a comprehensive portfolio of products to meet demanding customer requirements, balancing sensitivity and throughput. Semiconductor and electronics landscape is constantly changing. We're seeing broadening customer interest, driven by more technology innovation than ever before at the leading edge.
We believe there are multiple secular factors driving industry demand, and KLA will continue to benefit from and position us to exceed our 2023 financial targets, reach them earlier than anticipated. At the same time, our strategy of driving diversified growth with strong long-term operating leverage should provide robust cash flow generation and consistent capital returns to our shareholders.
And with that, I'll pass the call over to Bren.

Yes, Krish, thanks for the question. I think that there's no question that the demand for process control continues to be strong, as Bren said. And we view process control in 2021 as outgrowing the overall market-based on those drivers. From a competitive standpoint, we also expect to be able to continue the plan we laid out in 2020 -- 2019, which is to increase our overall position of process control as we have in the last couple of years. And we think that continues based on the strength of our product portfolio and the engagement we have with our existing customers.
There's no question that there's always going to be competition out there. But if you look at the history of the Gartner data, as we highlighted, over time, KA has consistently been successful in leveraging our strategies to build on our market position and gain share. And we don't see anything about the current competitive environment that will change that. We do have some major products to deliver in terms of -- in areas like reticle inspection, but -- and that's happening this year. But we're very pleased with the performance of our optical inspection. And we're also very encouraged by the recent success of our e-beam offerings that we really got back in those segments in the last year or so.
So we feel good about our competitive position. And as you might imagine, it kind of shows up in our gross margin in terms of the strength of our business and our competitive position. That we're able to continue to have the kind of margin profile that we have, despite the fact that we've added EPC, which overall, at a corporate level, you know, was dilutive to the margins that KLA had prior to that. So I think that should be evidence of our strength.

Yes. Thanks, John. I think the -- I'm not certain of this, but I think the fastest growing product in metrology and inspection, I'm pretty certain, was our GEN5 over the last couple of years. And the strength of that is driven by its ability to satisfy the needs that we have for inspection measurement with EUV, specifically around print down and also the advanced nodes. 
There's nothing that we're seeing that indicates the percent of inspection and metrology budget is dramatically increasing toward e-beam. In fact, if anything, it's always been the challenge to drive the optical at a higher rate, because the price performance is so much higher.
I'd also say that the people that are closest to having a multi-beam -- e-beam solution are KLA. We're the ones that have it that we're developing and introducing in the reticle space, which is, I think, where it's needed the most. So we don't really see any inflection. We don't see a change in the market share dynamic. And if anything, the challenge the brand and the operations team have is satisfying the increased demand around the optical portfolio that we have, specifically GEN5, but also GEN4, which hasn't slowed down. So I don't buy the thesis that this is the transition.
It hasn't been for years, and the reason is because optical keeps getting better. And it's really difficult to make an e-beam tool that's fast enough to satisfy most of the inspection requirements. In terms of pointing e-beam, pointing optical with e-beam, that's not a new idea. That's been around quite a while. And at KLA, we introduced that concept when we introduced our e-beam inspection tool and talked about it at our Analyst Day. That just allows those tools to be functional and to continue to provide value. So I don't think that transition is happening.
I think just in terms of overall growth rates, right? So we talked about the accelerated growth relative to market in 2020. And I would expect this business to grow faster than market again in 2021. So I think that the good thing about the complementary nature of our e-beam solutions with our optical is driving higher relevancy and use case application across the optical inspection, which is the large market, right? That's the market that's $2 billion-plus in terms of opportunities. So it gives you some perspective on the strategy overall, but there's an inflection here that's validating, I think, the relevancy of optical inspection in a lot of different ways.

Yes. John, again, I don't think the world is going to move large scale to e-beam. I mean we're well positioned if it does. But I just don't think -- I think there's going to be a mix and match. And the percent of layers that could be inspected by e-beam is never going to be as high as what could be expected by optical, especially since GEN5 is still in the early iterations. We have more capability  to add to GEN5. We've been adding -- have for a while added AI capability to that.
So I think in general, yes, we have a good e-beam solution, but our modeling doesn't show that, that's going to be the increased percentage of the use case, because optical can satisfy -- especially GEN5 can satisfy the needs that are going to be through the 2020s even past when we get the high-NA EUV. And remember, that's only a percentage of the layers that are going to be subject to that. So I don't think we're going to see this transition to e-beam.
I think incumbency for KLA has really been based on our ability to keep delivering new capability to the market, not so much because we've been there, but our newest products, which is why we invest so heavily in R&D and the application support for our customers. So I don't think it's going to transition. We'd be fine if it did, but I think it's a better price performance for our customers to have as many layers be done optically as possible, because the throughput capability is just so much better in optical than it is in any form of e-beam.

Yes. I'll give some color, and then Bren can fill in some of the details. But if you -- if we assume the market is, let's say, just pick a number, 22% WFE growth this year. What we're loaded right now and what we're modeling that we need to do just based on the orders and the conversations we're having with customers daily is we'll significantly outgrow that. 
I don't know if it will be 38%, but it will probably start with a 3 in terms of what it is. Now we don't know what WFE is going to actually be this year, but if that's what process control -- that's just based on the conversations we're having right now. Ahmad Khan who runs that business is in calls almost 3 times a week talking about slots and support for customers across this portfolio. I get pulled into them occasionally. But that's the conversation is how can we support that.
And when we model it, we look at that business, and we think it's going to be a very strong grower this year. Could the WFE numbers change? Yes, of course. What's it driven on your other question, C.J., it's -- of course, it's driven by the increased investment people have in the advanced design rules. It's not a secret that TSM has talked about dramatically increasing their CapEx this year, and we know what Intel has said publicly.
But it's not just that. We're seeing increased commitment in conversation from the memory manufacturers who want that capability too. So I think the difference between the process control intensity and foundry/logic is still there, but it is narrowing a bit as people push harder on the advanced nodes for -- specifically for the advanced DRAM work that's going, but also some NAND work too. Bren, maybe you can fill in.

So well, China -- all the business in China classify as mature, and most of that is pretty foundry-weighted this year. There is some wafer investment that's happening. There is some memory investment. But I'd still say it's probably greater than 60%, 65% foundry. I don't have it in front of me. And so you've got that, plus you've got other activity. I would say probably somewhere in the Semi Process Control equipment, if I just look at the equipment part of the business, it's probably somewhere around 25% of our revenue, I would call, 28-nanometer and above, 25% to 30%.

Yes, we do. I think you hit it. And again, if you take out the display piece, which has its own dynamics, as you know, I'd say that we were being powered by -- and we talked about this in the past, Harlan, by 5G, largely, if you think about it, most of 2020 and early. Now the thing that we had counted on early in terms of the deal thesis was automotive. And as you know and everybody knows, they hit the brakes part last year when the view of the overall economy was tough. Largely, I'd say that and some other factors, which have contributed to this chip shortage. And so now they're back on. And you're right, that's definitely driving EPC, as [ PGS ] is being driven by that dynamic as well. 
So now it's really firing on all cylinders. And so we're seeing really, really strong growth across EPC in terms of supporting both the continuing momentum in 5G, but also now automotive. And I mentioned in my comments that we're going to talk more about some of the new offerings we're having to support our automotive customers, which we hope will not just help in terms of solving some of their problems, but alleviate some of these shortages as we help them with yield, which is really the near-term the best leverage they have in terms of providing more output is higher yield.

It's -- Joe, I think what's really happened is there has been an openness in general to understand the dynamics. I think that a fear that many of us had was that there might have been unilateral action, if you go back a year or so. And it doesn't feel like there's going to be that now. It's going to be multilateral. It's going to be thoughtful. 
And we're all in favor of free trade, and nobody wants IP or other factors to be compromised. So I do feel like there's a constructive dialogue around that. And it's not just the semiconductor guys, it's also the equipment companies. And we feel really good about where that conversation is.

Yes, Joe, for sure. I mean we're having, as you know, the development work. There's a lot of Process Control work that goes on early on when we're doing R&D and development with our customers. And there's definitely an increased sensitivity to the number of layers that they have to qualify. And that drives multiple markets. But obviously, ensuring the quality of the reticles and when they're printed that the high-quality is there, now it's across more layers. So that drives adoption of GEN5. Also just more sensitivity to smaller defects.
So in general, that shifts the dynamic, if you thought about a blend between GEN4 and GEN5, which GEN4 is still very active as a product line. This will shift it more in those advanced nodes to a higher percentage of those tools being GEN5 tools and the next-generation or iterations on GEN5 as we move forward.
I think we mentioned in the past, GEN5 is very early in its product life cycle. And there are a number of additional capabilities that will be added to it to support advance. So those are just 2 areas. There'll be others in terms of the metrology challenges. But in general, the process control challenges as we move forward, especially on advanced design rules, will increase. And we're seeing that play out right now in development.

Yes. Patrick, thanks for not making me feel old. I think every cycle, as I'm sure you've heard, is different. One of the things that we learned early on, though, is to look at the -- follow the money and figure out how profitable your customers are and what is sustainable. And I go back to periods where I remember companies that were spending 2x their CapEx was twice the size of their revenue. And you just knew that couldn't last, right?
So when we look at the supply chain -- now one of the leading indicators we always look at is profitability of our customers. And it's universally good. I mean there are some examples where customers are investing, and we see this in China, where they don't have a revenue base to support the investment, but those are viewed as strategic investments. But the percent of that, that's in the industry right now is really low. And so it's the growth of the semiconductor industry broadly with all the different drivers, the number of players that have maintained their profitability through these cycles and the fact that, that gives us confidence in the sustainability.
I don't think we're going to see growth rate that's 25%, 30%. We're talking about what it might be this year. That's not going to be the long-term growth rate. I think there's a step-up to get to support these new drivers. And I would imagine it resumes its growth at a more reasonable upper single-digit kind of level for the equipment industry as we kind of model. But the step-up is consistent with the multiple drivers.
As Bren mentioned, we have a lot of leverage in terms of being able to utilize our facilities. But even that, given that we're investing right now to make sure we've got additional people, parts and space, as Bren said, so that we could support the ramps that we're seeing. I do think this is a step-up. I think we've seen it in the past. And I think the business is sustainable.
I don't think 30% growth will happen for several years in a row. But if it did, we'd be there to support it. So we feel really good about where we are. And more importantly, the investments we're making in our capability are enabling our customers to achieve their objectives, and that's really the key to our continued success is make sure we're staying relevant with our customers. Does that answer your question, Patrick?

Yes. I think it's a great question. Just so you know, we do have a group inside of KLA that models out the advanced technology designs. We have some really talented people that we think about that years in advance to think about what are the solutions that will be necessary. Data all around is an interesting 1 because there, it's actually an adaptation of GEN4 that's going to be most relevant to solving some of those problems based on the contrast of those devices.
So we think that will be incremental. As I mentioned in the earlier question, you think about more EUV layers, that just drives the overall expectation of higher sensitivity across the portfolio, the increase for more inspection overall and a higher level of sensitivity. I tip it toward the advanced nodes driving more intensity than the new structures, but the new structures can't be discounted because if you can't make them successful, then you're not going to be able to ramp those nodes. So -- but I'd say, probably 60-40, maybe even 65-35 that it will be the advanced design rules that drive it more.
And it's not just going to be in foundry/logic because we're also seeing -- even though it seems like they're almost out of gas, DRAM keeps pushing as well to drive the next capability improvement so that they can have competitive advantage. And I don't think that abates anytime soon.

Yes, Tim. Thank you for remembering what we said in 2019. I could go back even further when we introduced the [ sum spec ] back years and years ago. And the idea -- it was a pointer for optical back then, and that was in the '90s. So this idea of e-beam directing optical is an old idea. The idea that -- the problem that it has in general, and this is an interesting question, is do you have systemic defects? Can you -- do you really -- can you actually point that.
AI has helped solve some of those problems, but there's still this basic question about coverage. And can you cover enough of the wafers to see enough of the errors. If you look at a modern wafer in a leading fab, they don't have many defects. I mean there are very few. So you need to cover a lot of area, and that's what optical is really good at.
The e-beam ends up being the most valuable in debugging of a new process at the very front end, which is why it's mostly been in R&D. And that's what we're continuing to see. AI has been added to the products. We've been doing that for a number of years. Whatever your definition is, increasing the intelligence, the algorithm that's been KLA's sweet spot for years, and we continue to do that.
So I think -- I don't think that the announcement of 2.5-year-old technology earlier this year was really anything revolutionary other than the announcement. It's not new. And I don't think that the relevancy of what we're doing changes as a result. I do think that increasing the capability of the ML and the AI across all the products in this industry will continue to make them more relevant as we go forward for KLA and others as well.
So I think that's an area we're all taking advantage of. And that will help increase the capability and the learning that the industry has, in general, to be able to move forward. But I don't think this is -- this was not a dislocation. It was not anything new for customers. It might have been new for other communities, but the disclosures and the conversations are not new to customers.

Yes, Tim, I mean, we -- I think one of the things in service for us is that we have the ability to really customize our offerings for customers, both in terms of response times, in terms of the stocking levels, in terms of uptime commitments and things like that. And then given that and given the nature of the contract that we structure -- and it's pretty important for -- when customers buy process control, they buy what they need, and then they have contracts to ensure that the tools are running full out all the time. And they are willing to invest in a contract structure to ensure that we can keep them up and make sure that they match and all those sorts of things.
So it's a little bit different business. Customers, because they don't have as many, they have tens instead of hundreds as they would in a process tool. They don't necessarily have the ability to build the capability internally to be able to do self-service. And so that's a unique aspect of our service business. There's also the complexity of what we offer relative to process tools, which is far different.
So for all those reasons, it does drive a different service experience with customers. And as I said, we customize to meet their operating expense requirements and what they're looking to get out of their fab. And it does drive this 75%-plus contract revenue stream. I think there's always what happens with the new tools in terms of our ability to sell and support service on new tools.
I think where we've seen a lot more engagement with customers is the -- in the trailing edge, where you're seeing higher reliability and quality requirements, particularly, let's say, for example, in areas like automotive, where customers weren't as focused on the process control outcomes as much as they are today with the growth that we're seeing and the increase in reliability that's required.
And given the margin structure in that industry, for example, it's pretty important that you don't under-kill, right, because of the cost of recall and so on. But then there's also overkill too. So there's a lot more process control engagement that's happening through our service business for those customers to support the installed base at a greater level.
So you don't see tools falling off. You see them staying in service. And that's what is probably the unique growth driver that we're seeing today as products are living longer and some of these other markets are inflecting.

Yes, Vivek, I'll take the first part and let Bren talk about the model. We actually are ahead of our share projections that we laid out in the Analyst Day. 2019, we gained 3 points -- 3% share, and that's 0.7% down is what the survey says. But we had modeled 2.5% over the 4 years, and we've gained 2.3% over 2 years. And we believe that this year will be another strong year.
So I mean these things move. Annually, it's kind of hard, because there are puts and takes. But competitively, we're actually ahead of plan. And largely, that's driven by the success mainly of GEN5 and what we're seeing in the optical inspection portfolio. That's been the bigger gains. We have new products coming out that will add to that. But our expectation of share growth is actually higher than it was at the time when we did the analyst meeting based on the success that we've had to date. And then Bren can talk more about the model.

I think we're not the right people to answer that question. We're going to do everything we can to help them, but it's hard to understand exactly how they got so out of line with the demand. But I know that there have been contributing factors. And you've heard of some of them, projects that weren't started, fires that happened and the reluctance to invest earlier than in retrospect was needed plus the strong demand. So we're going to do everything we can to help them, but they're the best people to ask for that.