Thank you, Ed, and thank you all for joining us today. KLA-Tencor delivered another outstanding result in the September quarter, driven by the company's technology and market leadership, and the compelling value of our diversified product and service portfolio in enabling customer success. The September quarter results also show the company is benefiting from our strategies for market leadership and revenue diversification. Furthermore, they demonstrate the critical nature of process control in enabling technology inflections in the semiconductor industry, including growth markets such as vertical NAND, EUV adoption and the China semiconductor industry. And with the expected closing this quarter of the Orbotech acquisition, KLA-Tencor will further extend its market reach in the electronics value chain, enhancing the company's product and services portfolio beyond our core and WFE to address new growth markets where technological complexity is rising and where KLA can extend its core competencies into exciting new opportunities.
Now for some perspective on the current industry demand environment. First, notwithstanding the recent adjustments in capacity investment from memory customers, and delays in logic spend from the second half of 2018 into 2019, we believe the long-term factors underpinning demand in the wafer fab equipment industry remain sound. This is a result of several key elements, including more diversified end markets for semiconductor; the ongoing commitment of customers to driving innovation and leading-edge technology road maps; disciplined, market-driven capacity planning; and the high levels of investment required to address increased design complexity and advanced device architectures. We expect these industry drivers will persist in delivering long-term growth and value-creation opportunities for the company, the industry and for all our stakeholders.
Moving now to the recent highlights that demonstrate successful execution of the company's strategic focus on technology and market leadership. First as the market leader in process control, KLA-Tencor is helping to enable growth in the semiconductor industry in China. Memory and foundry manufacturers in this region are investing at a high level to accelerate process development and yield learning. We expect momentum in China to continue in 2019 and beyond, with customers progressing their technology road maps and ramping new production capacity in the initial phase of a multiyear investment cycle. 
Additionally, over the past several quarters, we've seen exceptional demand for bare wafer and mask inspection products. Growth in our mask inspection business is consistent with planned increases in CapEx from the leading foundries as these customers ramp 7-nanometer capacity to support a high number of customer tapeouts at this node and begin aggressive development of 5-nanometer, including EUV development. In bare wafer, KLA's market-leading inspection metrology tools are key enablers of the growth in wafer supply to address capacity expansion in memory. These products are also essential in helping customers in all segments meet more stringent design specification for wafer flatness and cleanliness. 
And finally, KLA-Tencor's service business continues to be a highlight. Going forward, it is on a trajectory to deliver high single-digit to low double-digit annual revenue growth with low business volatility consistent with historical trends. Long-term growth in services is tied to the expansion of the installed base as well as from the increasing uptime requirements from current node production and at the trailing edge. Trailing edge fabs are currently running at near full utilization, creating new opportunities for product enhancements and upgrades.
In summary, before I turn the call over to Bren, KLA-Tencor delivered another outstanding performance in the September quarter driven by the company's strong execution and market leadership. Given our momentum in the marketplace, diversified growth markets and the critical role the company's products and services play in enabling customer success, we are positioned for a strong finish in 2018.
I'd now like to turn the call over to Bren for his review of the financial results. Bren?

Hey, Tim, this is Rick. And then Bren will follow. It does not change our view for the rest of '18 or what we're looking at in '19 based on the expectations we had from that customer. And to your point, it was a strategical export control. Now obviously other things would change if that were broadened. But as it stands today, it does not change our view.

It's -- the intensity has stepped up but it's more consistent over what we've seen over the last year. Remember, we have other products that contribute to that too, such as the bare wafer inspection products, which are leveraged to the memory overall wafer shipment. So those products have been extremely strong as the wafer demand around the world continues to get stretched. And because of flatness requirements, we've seen an uptick in our business for flatness measurement. So I think it's more related to those functions and that really has been playing out throughout this memory cycle where intensity has grown, partly because of the strength of the wafer houses themself.

Yes, Krish, let me take the first part and then I'll let Bren answer. We're not concerned about this particular movement in the market. So this one was a very strategic export control. That's -- let's just be clear on that.

Hey, Harlan, it's Rick. I'll take the first part and then Bren will follow up. Let me start with, we don't break out our business by EUV in particular. But to your point, there are a lot of drivers about EUV that are frankly good for KLA-Tencor and for helping our customers solve the related problems that they have with it. And as you mentioned, we're seeing good business, and as we mentioned in prepared remarks, in our mask business, due to the number of advanced starts there going through fabs. And there's also support for print check, as you mentioned with Gen 5, and also the overlay challenges that our customers face. So it is a catalyst and a driver for us as we go forward but we don't break it out in particular. And we're a little bit agnostic into how many tools there are per se next year. So our demand won't really change if it's the 30 tools they talked about or 20 tools. It's really the driving of the new capability nodes that are driving our business. And Bren, you can break out the second part.

And in terms of momentum, it's playing out very much of the same as prior generations, when we've gone to new generations of inspection products, where you have a couple of early adopters, maybe 1 big early adopter that'll drive it. Then you have customers that are maybe more evaluative of it and they'll spend a lot of time trying to figure it out. And then the momentum gets going when the customers who have not adopted realize the advantage that the leaders are having, and then we see it kind of flow out. So when we model those, it's not just the number of systems, it's where they're located and the use cases. So we have some that are being utilized in the early stages of manufacturing support where others are in development. So we like the momentum of the product. We're finding unique capabilities. It is true that EUV, it creates more opportunities for that product to differentiate and for customers to rely on it. So we're feeling very good about how we're positioned as we go forward in 2019.

We have not -- we've had dialogue and discussions and we're proceeding along the path that we had modeled where we were, in terms of regulatory in China. We feel very good about the exchange that we're having and we believe we're on track to close that out this calendar year, so as we had said this quarter. So we feel good about that. We have seen no indication of any change in their posture based on any of the other things that are going on, relative to trade.

Well, I mean, I think it'll be a continuation of the expansion we've seen in terms of the newer products that we have, are going to be targeted at 5-nanometer. We see the process control intensity. Challenges are very significant for our customers because that's the node in which EUV is going to be adopted in a greater percentage. Some people are looking at some level of EUV at 7, but 5 is really where it increases in adoption, that will drive a lot of use. So we're well positioned for that. We're working closely with the customers that are pushing their technology. And this is part of the Gen 5 discussion that we've had in the past where Gen 5 was really more of a development tool. If you go back a year ago and now it's becoming more of a pilot tool in early production and the 5-nanometer becomes more biased toward production. So we feel great about where we are with that tool, but also the supporting metrology tools as well.

Yes. And we don't disagree with the industry perspective that DRAM investment in '19 will be coming down. We do see foundry up. And so -- but as Bren said, it's -- that's not as much of a driver for us as the other factors you mentioned.

They have -- there's a number of process challenges I think that they're facing, even though that they have, as you say, that they're, they have the options that some of the bigger players might have tried to leverage. But it's harder when you're relatively new and your scale isn't as big to be able to do the reuse and some of the things that you've seen in the other places. So they're also tackling a number of technology challenges at once. We have excellent relationships there, and we feel very good about the sustainability of that business. On a relative basis too, when you look at those fabs in terms of scale, they're significantly smaller, as I said, than what you'd see elsewhere. So I think it continues to be strong. I do think there's even potential for more in the way of things like mask shops where you'll continue to see strength. Ultimately they'd like to have wafer manufacturing, but I think that's several years away before that will be a significant piece of that.

Well, I think that the -- you're going to start seeing some adoption of it, it very much depends on the economics I think, and that's going to be the big challenge. But I think we are going to see some in 2019 beyond what we've seen in pilot in 2018. It's really a similar story though to what we see in logic, where EUV presents opportunities both in terms of the mask shop. Obviously with DRAM, you don't have the number of starts but you do have very significant concerns about lifetime and contamination and EUV cleanliness overall. But I think it's much more about the scalability and scaling of the design rule in DRAM, and also some of the challenges they're trying to get around in terms of overlay control. So it's a driver, but not as much as it is, of course, in logic.

Boy, that's a -- it's hard to speculate on that. But I would think there's clearly a case that China's investing for strategic reasons. And therefore, it's more additive, in some ways, than if they were to -- not be allowed to invest. So I think you'd probably see some impact. We rate that probability as low. And maybe also because of the action that was taken was very targeted and -- for a specific reason. So we are not modeling that as one of the outcomes. But yes, I think that, that would have an overall impact on WFE for sure.

Yes, yes. No, that's a good way to think about it. Because you're going to have to work through the deferred revenue associated with all the tools that were under warranty at the time of conversion. So there are some tools that shipped right at the end of that quarter, so it'll take a year for that to completely roll off, although it's likely a little bit heavier in the front end than it is in the back half of the fiscal year. That's a good way to think about it.

But part of what drives that is, we have created options for those customers to upgrade their capability, and so part of the business that we have for them, even in a market where, maybe they're not investing in new capacity, is to upgrade their existing so they can get more efficient. And we're seeing big demand for that. And those initiatives started a couple of years ago, to be able to extend the value of the tools that are already in the installed base, where we obviously have a home-court advantage.