Thank you all for joining us today in these extraordinary times. I hope you and your families are safe and healthy.
KLA delivered strong results in the March 2020 quarter. Revenue finished at the midpoint of our guidance, and non-GAAP EPS was above the midpoint of the guidance range, demonstrating strong demand from our customers and exceptional execution across our global KLA operations. KLA's performance in the March quarter highlights how the company's operating model and long-term strategic objectives provide a strong and resilient framework to guide our execution and consistently deliver on our commitments even during unprecedented challenges.
In our prepared remarks today, we will discuss how KLA's unique and sustainable competitive advantages helped us consistently deliver strong relative results, while showcasing the enduring strength of the KLA investment thesis. We will also discuss how KLA is positioned to confidently navigate through these periods of uncertainty.
To lead off, I want to highlight KLA's priorities and actions in addressing the COVID-19 crisis. Please turn to Slide 4. First and foremost, we are prioritizing the health and safety of our employees, their families and our partners. We began taking proactive measures for our teams as soon as we saw the outbreak begin in China, including immediately eliminating nonessential travel, canceling our annual sales conference, our global engineering conference as well as the KLA Lithography Users Forum at SPIE.
A large percentage of our workforce is in China and the Pacific region, and we initiated a global crisis management team to ensure we had insight into needs and activities at the local levels to provide assistance as needed. As information and shelter-in-place orders began to roll out across the globe, we prioritized rapid communications to our employees. And we immediately instituted guidelines and policies to ensure that our essential workforce could operate in safe conditions, and we remain focused on that daily.
Specifically, as our teams worldwide have largely had to shift to working from home, we worked hard to maintain our ability to support our customers in this unique scenario. At our manufacturing facilities, we have focused on creating a significantly reduced employee footprint. We have rigorous social distancing and cleaning guidelines and health checks to allow our teams to be safe while staying on track with shipping, installing and delivering the essential services we provide to our customers.
I'd like to personally commend our global team for their resourcefulness and commitment to executing under these challenging circumstances. Our customer feedback has been outstanding. And our business is healthy and performing well under unprecedented conditions. I'm really proud of the way we as a company have responded to these challenges. It really reflects the extraordinary strength of our teams guided by the KLA core values of perseverance, drive to be better, high-performing teams and indispensability.
For our global employee base, we recognize that this crisis also extends well beyond the disruption to their work life. And we're focusing on continuing to ensure that we can support them in any way that we can.
I'd also like to note that we took action to support our communities by creating a KLA Foundation Global Relief Fund, where we committed $2 million in global relief efforts to benefit local nonprofit organizations, which are working in areas identified as having a high number of affected individuals and with those who are with high-risk populations in Asia, Europe, Israel and the United States. Above all, we remain advocates for the holistic health and safety of our employees as well as the communities they work and live in.
Turn now to Slide 5 for some comments on the industry demand environment. Though we were encouraged to see many of our customers in China return to full production late in the quarter, COVID-19 has already impacted global economic growth. The question remains whether it will result in a short-term pushout in global demand supported by substantial levels of monetary and fiscal stimulus from governments or whether it leads to long-term demand decline followed by an elongated recovery. Many economic prognosticators now expect a global recession as the effects of business disruption, rising unemployment and reduction in consumer spending are felt across the global economy.
So at KLA, we're not predicting the depth or duration of this impact until we have more evidence about the evolution of the crisis. But if there's one thing we do know, it's the situation is rapidly evolving. And at this stage, the full impact of COVID-19 on consumer demand and the global economy remains unclear. But from our point of view, although the semiconductor equipment industry is currently supply-constrained, customer demand remains strong in the first half of 2020. And to underscore that point, KLA delivered record shipments of our semiconductor process control systems during the quarter, and total backlog finished at record levels exiting March.
It's also important to point out that KLA is most levered to our customers' strategic R&D investments and their product road maps for leading-edge technologies across foundry, logic and memory. Our customers use these investments as critical to their long-term growth strategies and their competitive positioning. And therefore, they tend to be more resilient.
Now in the near and medium term, we see increased semiconductor device demands for enterprise and cloud applications in response to the surge in work from home and a pickup in gaming. Now this is somewhat offset by a decline in some consumer-facing end markets. We also see strong results in our specialty semiconductor markets with demand driven by 5G infrastructure investment, particularly in China. We're fulfilling urgent requests to supply products essential in MEMS manufacturing and power technologies focused on medical applications such as smart thermometers and ventilators, which are directly addressing the crisis.
It's clear health care will be one of the many industries which will be profoundly impacted with the acceleration of technology implementation, virtual capabilities and automation. We know that KLA is not immune to the impact this crisis may have on customers' capital investment plans over the next several months. However, we do draw some confidence from the historical evidence that our customers tend to maintain their investment in next-generation development in times of semiconductor industry contraction and uncertainty, which makes KLA's revenue more resilient in times like this.
As an example, I'd point out that in 2019, according to the recent Gartner market share analysis, total WFE investment was estimated to decline about 6%, but KLA semiconductor process control business grew at 1%. Taking a step back even further, it's worth highlighting that KLA's business has always declined less than the industry in periods of general contraction.
Also, KLA's service business, which accounts for roughly 1/4 of our total revenues today and has strong and growing profitability, also tends to demonstrate exceptional resilience throughout the business cycle, given the unique nature of our service model with 70% to 75% of the revenue being subscription-like contracts.
Given the continued focus on innovation and execution, combined with our market leadership and strong balance sheet, KLA is in a very strong position to navigate this period of uncertainty and to capitalize on opportunities to drive long-term growth for our industry once the conditions eventually normalize. Even though we couldn't have anticipated what we're experiencing today, we believe that secular factors driving the industry demand and our 2023 revenue and EPS targets remain largely intact, and they'll drive diversified growth with operating leverage over the long term.
Finally, in many ways, the global response to COVID-19 is accelerating secular drivers of the industry growth that we outlined in our 2019 Investor Day. And that gives us strong optimism that we and our industry will emerge from this crisis stronger than before. We always knew we had compelling secular growth trends a year ago, but if anything, these trends will be stronger and more important going forward. Whether it's the move to Industry 4.0 or factory automation, the rising semiconductor content in automobiles, remote medical diagnostics and care, 5G, ubiquitous connectivity supported by continued data center build-outs or new, more capable handset offerings, the new work-from-home reality or the overall acceleration of digitization and move to the data era, everything will depend on advancing semiconductor technology that KLA helps to make possible.
Please turn to Slide 6 and 7 for a review of the KLA operating model and our strategic objectives. As in prior industry downturns, one thing that remains a constant, serving as our guide as we manage through this uncertainty, is the KLA operating model. This codifies our corporate values and management principles and defines the critical core competencies that drive our performance and represents a solid and enduring framework for the execution of our long-term strategic objectives. The KLA operating model is essential to aligning the company on a consistent strategy. It ties accountability to results, ensures product development execution and facilitates continuous improvement, while ensuring the company always operates with strong financial discipline while driving long-term performance and profitability objectives.
As we indicated during our September 2019 Investor Day, we're also leveraging the KLA operating model to strengthen the performance of new businesses. We have recently reorganized the former Orbotech units under the leadership of long-term KLA Executive Vice President Oreste Donzella, creating the new Electronics, Packaging and Components or EPC group. This new organization will help drive synergies and growth across the broad electronics value chain, including specialty semiconductors, packaging, printed circuit boards and flat panel display.
Guided by this and with our global team's experience navigating through various industry cycles and downturns over the years, we have the benefit of history and the processes in place to maintain a high level of investment, which is critical to our market leadership and our customers' technology road map, while at the same time, protecting and preserving operating margins.
Please turn to Slide 8 for the March quarter 2020 business highlights. In closing, I'd like to mention 4 highlights that stood out this quarter. First, as I mentioned at the outset, KLA achieved record company-wide shipments driven by record shipments in our Semiconductor Process Control segment, and we ended March with record backlog. This illustrates the overall momentum we are having in the marketplace across various product platforms with particular strength in mask inspection, patterned optical inspection and films metrology. And it further shores up our confidence in the long-term future growth position for the company.
Secondly, we're really pleased to see KLA's customer success being further validated by third-party market share analysis from Gartner. KLA's market leadership is the result of ongoing successful execution of the company's customer-focused strategy, which is based on investing a high level of R&D to drive differentiated products and a portfolio of products and solutions that address the most critical process control market challenges. And we're pleased once again to see the success of our strategy being validated by our customers' purchasing decisions.
The report shows that process control grew as a percent of overall WFE, and KLA strengthened its process control market leadership by gaining 2.5 points of market share. The past year marked a record or new record demand in KLA's core franchises such as optical wafer inspection, overlay metrology and mask inspection. This data also shows KLA's first meaningful revenue in e-beam inspection since 2015. We expect the process control intensity will continue to stay at a similar level in calendar 2020 or better and that KLA will maintain our market leadership, driven by an expanding EUV investment environment as well as advanced technology development in memory and continued semiconductor industry expansion in China.
Third, we saw continued strength in both foundry and logic. Foundry and logic revenue grew sequentially as customers accelerated the ramp of both 7- and 5-nanometer nodes and continue to prioritize their leading-edge technology road maps.
And finally, our services business continues to perform well and remains on track for growth and steady free cash flow in calendar 2020 despite all the uncertainty. Total KLA service revenue rose to $373 million, thanks to the continued growth of our Semiconductor Process Control installed base as well as the expanding service businesses from recent acquisitions.
Please turn to Slide 9 for my concluding thoughts. To summarize, before I turn the call over to Bren, we're in extraordinary times. And in that, we're facing both unprecedented uncertainties as well as opportunities. But amidst this background, one thing that's not changing is KLA's strong fundamentals. And we're confident that our strategies and the actions we're taking today will continue to lead us in the right direction and position us to emerge even stronger and more resilient.
KLA's March quarter indicates the soundness and strength of our ongoing strategy. We expect to be able to continue to meet customer needs and expand our market leadership while protecting operating profits, generating strong free cash flow and maintaining our capital return strategies. As I stated earlier, we will remain laser-focused on continuing to preserve the health and safety of our employees and their families. We believe that this is a new reality, and we're going to be in this for some time, but we're confident we can work together to get through it and continue to deliver in the way we know how.
I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Bren, to discuss our financial results and guidance. Bren?

Yes. Great question, Harlan. I think that the biggest difference we see right now, I think, in the process control intensity is the realization that EUV and those in support of it really need more capability. And specifically, we've talked about Gen5 in the past being used for print check, and that's definitely driving adoption.
In addition, we believe the sustainability is there based on new products that we introduced that we outlined in our Investor Day. And so it's really not one particular customer. It's really now we have Gen5 is really humming at every major customer and is growing in adoption. And maybe in the last couple of years, we went from being in the development phase to people actually expanding their footprint with that.
But we also saw strength in laser scanning. And so I think even optical metrology, we mentioned in there, it's really pretty broad-based across the portfolio. And I do think in times like this, even if customers are going to back off capacity, which could happen later in the year, they're going to continue to invest in capabilities that allow them to bring out new technologies, which is always favorable for process control.

Sure, C.J. I think that, to your point, it's relatively new. And we're still unpacking it. And as we said, we're working to gain clarity. But our understanding at this point is this will impact the tools that are manufactured in the U.S., which are manufactured for us in California. We have 3 major manufacturing sites: Israel, Singapore and here. So there's a potential impact depending on the customer in our final understanding of the ruling that will impact tools that come out of California.
But even that, based on the words we had and the comments we made, it's still unclear. And we're getting guidance on that and actually working through it. So we haven't been able to come up with more than that at this point. But we still -- as we look to the year, we feel -- as Bren said, we understand that risk and potential risk, and we feel good about the year.

So there's a couple of aspects of this as we understand it, but one of them is a rigorous process we're going through to make sure we understand the intent and the -- how to execute on this rule. And we're working with outside counsel, inside counsel to do that. And as we said, we already have some of the constraints. This was a broad policy, not simply about semiconductor equipment, and semiconductor equipment just happens to be included in this.
So we will work through that process. But that is why we say that we already take steps to handle some of the questions that are being put forward, and we will continue to work through it. When we have more clarity -- and frankly, the rule is still -- there's still a period where further definition is happening until the end of June. So once we have more clarity, of course, we're going to share that.

So I think Bren -- this is Rick. Bren talked about the demand, but I'll give some color to it. I've had a number of conversations with customers. And I would say that everyone is continuing with their plan. The notable exception, as Bren mentioned, consumer facing and anybody that's dealing directly, for example, with automobile, I think that's an area where there's been constraint. But it's been compensated for by some of our other customers who actually see increase in demand driven by some of the work-from-home trends. So I think that in balance, we're seeing that.
The supply chain actually got better in terms of some of the supply that we had in Asia, specifically China, where coming out of Chinese New Year, part of what we weren't sure about was the supply chain that we had in China, how effective they were going to be and how efficient. That's fully recovered, and we're back actually above the level of supply for some of those parts. And we've pretty definitely moved through the different opportunities for supply, and we feel very good about our ability to navigate that. As Bren said, it's not easy, but we're confident of our ability to do it.
So we don't really see a reason to change it. So then what we're backing up to is what are the macro implications of the economic downturn and subsequent recovery. And since we don't have a way to really understand that long term because I don't think anybody really knows, we just model different scenarios for what that might look like. But we have no leading indicators right now of any real change in behavior.

Yes, it's a great question. We have definitely the ability -- the similarity in what we do in these different sites allow us some flexibility, which over time has caused us actually to transition more to the sites out of the U.S. in both the case of Israel and also in Singapore. So that's something that we're always evaluating in terms of our ability and flexibility to manufacture different products in different locations based on customer needs, supply chain and our staffing. So of course, that's a lever and an option that we have as we look out and think about where the best place to be positioned is.

It's funny, I went back and I looked at -- if you looked at the March quarter revenue levels for memory, it was probably our lowest since about 2016. So in some ways, there was a bit of a trough there in terms of just the overall business level for memory. So we do see a pickup. The pickup is pretty balanced across the -- it's about 50-50 overall of what we expect in the quarter from flash and DRAM. So I wouldn't say it's related to anything in particular other than just we're seeing a stronger revenue profile this quarter versus a very low one last quarter.

Well, we have record backlog today. So we had a very strong order quarter, record backlog this quarter. So that certainly gives us some comfort. I mean customer demand is there. We have the backlog. We have the parts. So as I said, we're in a position where we can deliver to any scenario. So we feel pretty confident about that. But we really just have to see where our customers are ultimately in what they do. But certainly, the backlog does give us confidence really across the businesses to -- with a certain expectation.
But again, depending on what happens with their business, then sometimes they do push dates and things like that. But given the lead time for our products, the backlog gives us some comfort about what we see in front of us over the next 6 months or so.

Thank you very much, and we appreciate everybody tuning in today. We look forward to chatting with you going forward. This ends the call.