Thanks, Ed. We're very pleased to report another strong quarter for KLA-Tencor with shipments revenue and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share each finishing at the upper end of guidance. KLA-Tencor delivered the second highest quarterly booking results in our history in the June quarter, while setting all-time records in quarterly shipments, revenue, GAAP and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share.
I'm also pleased to report that we ended the June quarter with a positive book-to-bill and with record total backlog of almost $2 billion. Also, we are pleased to note our continued progress on our time line for closing the Orbotech acquisition in the fourth quarter of this calendar year. On July 12, the Orbotech shareholders approved the merger. And to date, we have received all the necessary regulatory approvals, with the exception of Korea and China, which we expect to obtain in due course. The record results and strong momentum KLA-Tencor is delivering today demonstrates the value of our market leadership and the critical nature of process control. They also highlight our market diversification and the benefits of our exposure to growth markets, such as: EUV lithography; the early ramp of 7-nanometer devices in foundry; growth in the bare wafer market to address capacity growth in memory; and China, to highlight a few.
The overall WFE industry environment continues to perform at a high level, and we are excited about the prospects for continued strength in industry demand as we begin the second half of 2018 and look ahead to 2019. Our view is for WFE levels to grow in the mid-single-digit range in 2018, aligned with the current consensus growth forecast for the year. Against this industry backdrop, our view for KLA-Tencor revenue growth is in the low double digits for the calendar year.
Now let's discuss some of the unique dynamics that are fueling our market leadership and diversified growth. First, we are experiencing near record levels of demand in mask inspection and registration, fueled by customers' investments in EUV lithography and by continued strength in multi-patterning optical lithography supporting 10- and 7-nanometer design tapeouts. KLA-Tencor is working with each of our major customers to accelerate EUV mask development and yield learning, providing a complete portfolio of advanced mask inspection solutions. EUV promises to be a positive catalyst for future growth for process control as it continues to enable linear scaling and presents market opportunities that we believe KLA-Tencor is uniquely positioned to address as the market leader in mask and wafer inspection as well as in films, CD and overlay metrology.
Another example is in how, over the past several quarters, we've seen exceptional growth in demand for bare wafer inspection and metrology solutions driven by the expansion of bare wafer supply associated with the strong memory market as well as more stringent cleanliness and flatness requirements for bare wafers. In addition, IC memory and logic customers are also experienced -- increased their investment in process tool qualification to limit yield excursions and to meet aggressive yield and capacity ramp goals.
A third example of how KLA-Tencor is benefiting from our market diversification and technology leadership is seen in our strong results in China. Investment in China is the next major market inflection of WFE. And as the market leader in process control, KLA-Tencor is helping to enable development and growth of the China semiconductor industry. Our customers in China are investing with us at a high level to accelerate early process development and yield learning. With our broad portfolio of advanced process control solutions and our demonstrated ability to meet aggressive ramp schedules, KLA-Tencor's business in China is operating at a high level, and we expect it to remain strong for the foreseeable future.
And finally, KLA-Tencor service business continues to be a highlight. Service is approaching $1 billion in annual revenue today and is expected to continue to deliver consistent, high single-digit annual revenue growth over the next several years. I'll note that greater than 75% of service revenue is from service contracts to enable needed uptime of our systems, demonstrating the value of the insight and technology these systems provide to enable customer success. Long-term growth in services is tied to growth in the installed base as well as from expanding investment in trailing edge fabs, which are running at full utilization and creating new opportunities for product enhancements and upgrades.
To sum up today's results, before I turn the call over to Bren, June was another record-setting quarter for KLA-Tencor, demonstrating the company's strong execution in fast-growing industry environment. Given our market diversification and the record levels of demand we are experiencing in the marketplace, 2018 is shaping up to be an outstanding year for KLA-Tencor. And we are encouraged by the early signs of continuing momentum we are seeing for 2019.
I'll now turn the call over to Bren for his comments. Bren?

Hey, Harlan, it's Rick. I think that's right. there's a couple of factors. One, we do have a more diversified set of customers as opposed to being pure play, and so we've got a number of elements, if you think about mask manufacturing, but also wafer manufacturing has been an important segment for us. And that has capacity and technology built into it as customers push the sensitivity requirements and flatness requirements of our wafer manufacturers, that drives the business cycle there. Reticles for new tapeouts for EUV, you talked about Gen 5, there's also -- it's also true in metrology products. So it's a broad base of customers all advancing technologies, both memory and logic. And we also have, of course, the activities that are going on in China. So pretty broad, and we feel good about the diversification of the customer base at this point.

Well, we've always been a product company, Harlan. So we do need this innovation. And it does 2 things. One, it enables our customers to move their technology forward. It also makes it very challenging from a competitive standpoint for people to keep up with us given the rate of introduction and investment in new capability. And as you point out, we are bringing out new platforms that will have new addressable markets in addition to the ones that you've mentioned, with Voyager and SP7, there are other products in the pipeline. So it gives us a lot of confidence as we finish off calendar '18 and go into '19 and beyond, that we're well positioned not just to continue to perform across all sectors, but also drive additional growth through the additional expansion of our available markets.

We don't really quantify it around the EUV participation, but I would say it's on the order of 5% to 10%, depending on how you look at it. And certainly, there's development work that's going on. That will scale. We do think the process control intensity around the EUV is similar to what the process control intensity is for non-EUV, which means as EUV costs go up for scanners, the process control will scale with that. So that is definitely a consistent trend.

Well, we always had a through-cycle mentality looking at the businesses that Orbotech was in, that hasn't changed. And we're not really in a position to talk about their business yet. But in terms of the strategic nature of that deal, we feel very good about the original thesis and all the subsequent work we've done so far with that team. We're very excited about putting the 2 together. And obviously, we'll have a lot more to say once we finish the regulatory process.

So Mehdi, just to build on that, the challenge has not been available problems to solve, the challenge has been solutions which solve those problems. And it's not a competitive challenge for us, it's just a feasibility. So it's taken some time to work and collaborate with those customers to get new technologies to market, really, to address the verticalization of NAND. And we have very strong products in the pipeline addressing that. So we think calendar '19, we'll see continued success with those initial penetrations. And that will be the basis for driving additional percent of WFE out of memory.

Sure. The exciting thing is we have great partnerships with our customers in China looking at ramping greenfield facilities. And as you might imagine, there's a lot of interest in our expertise and capability there. So we're partnered very closely and we've had a lot of executive exchanges as well as others. So we feel very good about our ability to support their new fabs and their ramp. I won't get into specific of the yields, but they are making progress. We are seeing the promise of additional investment based on the initial success that they're seeing. And we feel very good about our position in enabling that as they go forward. And of course, it's -- in this case, it's really across the product portfolio. In terms of the implications of tariffs, our supply chain isn't based in China. So from a standpoint of our key components, we're not really subject to that. Obviously, we have an eye out for other changes that could be coming, but as of this point, it does not have any impact on our business.

Hi, John, Bren's here, too. I'll let him answer that one.

So the -- I think the part that's maybe a little misunderstood and we need to do a better job of explaining it, is things like the wafer manufacturers, there is high capital intensity of inspection and metrology for those, and they're really feeding the memory guys. So it's probably the case that our intensity around memory is higher than the way it's traditionally thought of. So we're seeing a lot of benefit in the demands that are placed on wafers as they move to new technologies in memory because of the cleanliness and also the flatness. So that's actually been a boost. And then as you point out, John, the EUV factor is still there. And then lastly, we'd say the process control intensity in China has been supportive of the overall business environment for us as we have great positions there in their early stages of trying to ramp new facilities. So I think all of those factors have come together to give us a very nice 2018 and what looks like a very strong 2019.

I think there's a couple of ways to think about it. It's early for 5 but EUV activity drives a lot of the business in the mask shop. And so we're seeing a benefit from that in terms of our business in mask is doing quite well. Also, wafer manufacturers are very supportive of bringing in new capability, so we're seeing that as a driver. And then you do see Gen 5, and you see actually some of the metrology tools, too, in support of the new nodes. So I think it's really a combination of those factors that gives us the diversification of reach across to the customers and is really driving the general outperform.

Well, certainly, we are seeing interest in some adoption of Gen 5 in the DRAM guys as they look at 1Y, so, absolutely, we're seeing that. And that wasn't necessarily originally anticipated, the degree with which we've seen that strength but it just -- it kind of goes to the point of the desire to get more capability in there and the fact that the coverage matters quite a bit. So we've displaced some interest that people had, had at e-beam for those applications with Gen 5. So we feel very good about that, and we're definitely getting indications that there's more to come there. It's not just that, it's also registration. So if you think about DRAM and the challenges it has for registration, we see more adoption there as well. So we feel very good about the trends that we're seeing in memory as well.

And maybe a very significant difference between process control, service business and process business, is the availability of alternative suppliers for consumables. So if you're in a process company, you have that threat of outside sources providing consumables. Process control, we have a very strong position to enable and make this equipment continue to perform as it's designed, and that's really a big part of the value proposition. So they are different businesses.

Well, I think there's 2 sides of it. One, we like to believe we enable better capital efficiency by helping customers get more value out of the rest of their tools. On the other hand, of course, every customer is trying to manage all their costs and to work across the products to extend and reuse. And as Bren said, one of the keys to our success is to continually bring out new products and new capabilities as a counter. What you've clearly got to show is continued improvement in cost of ownership performance, which means more capability. So I think the answer is kind of both. I think you definitely see a push from all of our customers to enhance their sustainability of their investment, and by doing that, drive efficiency. And we enable that and we also try to support it by driving new capabilities.

I think it's too early to say. I mean, we've seen, in the same time, we've seen some softening in the forecast for the total wafer outs in China, so I don't know that we could speculate on that. We are pleased with the production, the support and the business that we've got in China, but I would say if they meet their published goals, then we'll exceed that target. However, I think there's some definite challenges that they've got in terms of scaling those factories over time in the next couple of years.

But the other thing that contributes to it, if you think about the installed base and how long it lasts, one of the things driving, if you will, IoT or automotive, is fabs being utilized longer, customers wanting more capability, wanting both enhancements and also those tools to run longer. So the decay rate of what we would have originally modeled of tools coming off contract, is slower. And that's how you can drive growth even in a flat systems shipment business, which we don't think ours would be flat, by the way. Even if WFE is flat, we're going to grow this year. So we think there's still a lot of energy left in the sustainability of the growth in services.

Boy, those are 2 very different questions, Harlan. So in terms of the indigenous China projects, we have not seen demand yet for Gen 5 for those projects. We think that's down the road for the guys that are doing memory. That's something that certainly we could envision down the road once -- as you say. Right now, that's not really their focus nor at this point is it their need we can satisfy with a number of the products that we already have. In terms of the multi-beam product, we continue to make investment. We continue to work through some of the technical hurdles, and we have a lot of close engagements with our customers on that. And there's clearly a lot of customer interest, but I won't go beyond that at this point.