Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone.
Let me start by saying I'm pleased with our third quarter results. We achieved strong improvement in organic sales, margins and earnings per share. We continue to launch innovations, invest more in our brands and pursue our growth priorities. We also returned significant cash to shareholders.
As Maria just mentioned, we delivered 4% organic sales growth in the quarter. Our pricing initiatives are on track and driving our growth. We also continued to improve product mix, which was up 1 point, for the third consecutive quarter. Encouragingly, the pricing and promotion environment remains broadly constructive.
Let me share some of the top line highlights for the quarter starting in North America. Organic sales in consumer products increased 4%. And within that, organic sales rose 4% in personal care and 3% in consumer tissue. Growth in North America was driven by 4% higher selling prices led by consumer tissue. Mix was up 1 point led by Huggies Diapers, which included modest benefits from the launch of Huggies Special Delivery.
Volumes were down 1 point overall. Adult care volumes were up double digits. Poise and Depend had strong momentum driven by product innovation, marketing investment and robust consumer demand.
Baby and child care volumes were down mid-single digits compared with mid-single digit increase last year. Results this year included softness on baby wipes and Huggies Snug & Dry diapers.
In North America K-C Professional, organic sales increased 5%, and growth was driven by continued strong price realization while category volumes remained sluggish.
Now turning to developing and emerging markets. Our performance was solid with organic sales growth of 5%. That included 2 points of growth from Argentina. Now in terms of our key personal care businesses, in China, organic sales were up mid-teens compared to a soft performance last year. Sales were up double digits in both diapers and femcare. And in diapers, our net pricing was helped by reduced and more targeted promotional spending.
In addition, the innovations we launched on premium Huggies are delivering strong growth and improving mix. In femcare, our innovation and premiumization strategies supported by great digital marketing continue to deliver strong results. In ASEAN, organic sales rose high single digits led by Huggies in Vietnam. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased high teens with healthy gains in volume and pricing. Growth was strong on both Huggies and Kotex, reflecting excellent sales execution, winning innovation and strong marketing. In Brazil, organic sales were up mid-single digits compared to high-teens growth last year as we're starting to lap the price increases we took in 2018.
We've also modestly increased promotion support to enhance our competitive position. Growth this quarter was relatively balanced between pricing and volume with volume growth led by adult care and feminine care. We experienced softer results in Latin America outside of Argentina and Brazil, and that included Peru where sales were down in a challenging environment. And as a result, we've dialed back the price increase we took earlier this year, and we've launched a value tier diaper.
Overall, I'm broadly encouraged by our performance in D&E markets and remain optimistic about our future growth prospects.
Finally, in developed markets outside North America, organic sales were up 1% with solid performance in South Korea and Australia. Beyond sales, I'm pleased with the margin and cash flow improvement we delivered in the quarter. Our teams are working hard on both those fronts.
Turning to the full year. We're raising our outlook on both the top and bottom line. Our revised organic sales growth target is 3% to 4%, which compares favorably to our prior target of 3%. While we're up 4% year-to-date, the fourth quarter is our toughest quarterly comp of the year. That said, we expect a solid fourth quarter, which should bring the full year well within the 3% to 4% range.
On the bottom line, we're now targeting adjusted earnings per share of $6.75 to $6.90. That's $0.10 per share higher than our prior outlook. I'm pleased that we're increasing our outlook while we continue to invest for future success.
I know many of you are starting to look ahead to next year, so I'll briefly comment on 2020. Our teams have recently started planning for next year. And in terms of the operating -- external operating environment we'll be operating in, we're encouraged with commodity cost trends. On the other hand, currencies remain volatile and recent forward rates imply headwinds for the next year, especially in Latin America.
We'll continue to closely watch global economic conditions, which, in general, suggest slower growth going forward. At this point, we're focused on building a robust plan for next year that's consistent with our balanced approach to value creation, one that includes higher growth investments and generally aligns with our K-C Strategy 2022 financial objectives. As a reminder, those objectives are 1% to 3% growth in organic sales and mid-single-digit growth in adjusted earnings per share.
Certainly, things could evolve over the next 3 months, but in broad terms, that's how we're currently thinking about next year. We'll provide our specific outlook in January.
In summary, I'm encouraged by the progress we're making in 2019 while we invest more to enable longer-term success. We're confident in our ability to deliver balanced and sustainable growth and create shareholder value.
That concludes our prepared remarks. And now we'll be happy to take your questions.

Yes. Bonnie, overall, I think your question was regarding North America specifically overall. Overall, obviously we're on track for this year. Our volume is better than our plan. We feel good about where we are. I think the issue going forward is there may not be as much list pricing next year given where the commodity environment is. We're not really seeing downward promotional pressure at this point. And so I think the category remains relatively stable, robust and consumer demand remains healthy.
I think going forward, whether or not there's list pricing, one of the things I mentioned in our K-C Strategy '22 was our kind of commercial capabilities as I'm calling them, one area which is revenue growth management. And we're really emphasizing driving that revenue realization, whether that comes from list or it comes from trade efficiencies or price packs -- what I might say price pack changes. So those are areas, I think, we're going to continue to push globally to kind of drive revenue growth whether or not there may be list pricing.

Revenue -- yes, for sure.

Yes. Yes, Bonnie, great question. We feel really great -- very good about D&E growth. I think the demand remains robust. We are cycling our pricing that -- it was pretty strong in the second half last year, particularly in Latin America.
Just for reference, we're up 7% year-to-date in D&E, up 5% in the quarter, and that's 5 consecutive quarters of mid- to high single-digit growth for us in D&E. So I think we feel very good about the progress we're making.
We are seeing double-digit growth in multiple markets, including Central and Eastern Europe, China now importantly on both diapers and femcare. Our ASEAN business was up high single digits and Latin America overall was up high single digits. And even excluding a market like Argentina, which has a lot of list pricing, but Brazil in the quarter was up mid-single digits with volume up as well.
And so I think we -- internally, we have a lot of emphasis on driving volume. Certainly, we have some benefits from pricing this year, but we feel good about the innovation that we're launching this year that's gaining traction. We feel great about our investments in advertising, particularly on the digital side, which we continue to increase our investment in. And so part of the plan is we -- you may not expect to have this level of pricing every year, but we are looking to drive and earn our growth going forward.

Yes. I think any prudent person would say it could -- that could happen. I would say, largely, I think we've said on previous calls, the commodity inflation that's occurred has been a multiyear effect -- multiyear impact. And so we're only now recovering margins from where they were from a couple of years ago. So from our side, I wouldn't expect us to be very aggressive on price points going forward. But certainly, we want to be competitive.
And then as we're thinking about next year, I think we do believe commodities are stabilizing a bit and maybe will be less of a factor for next year. But we still expect to see some modest pricing carryover effects from this year into next year, at least in the beginning of next year.

Yes. We're really excited about Alison coming aboard. We feel very fortunate to have her as she brings a wealth of experience from some great companies and has great background both in innovation, marketing, digital spaces and all the areas that we're trying to grow. She -- her title as Chief Growth Officer, that encompasses our marketing and our commercial functions, which include kind of our global sales.
We don't have a -- it's not a global sales organization, but it's a kind of center of excellence that's going to drive better sales capability, revenue growth management, digital and innovation. So aside from that, she's got all the functions that you might attach to a CMO as well. So we feel great about it. She's bringing a lot of thinking that's, I would say, additive to kind of how we're thinking about things, and she's going to bring a lot of expertise and insight. So great start. We're really excited about it.

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Yes. Overall, I think we feel very good about KCP. I think it was real strong performance in North America, solid quarter overall, but D&E was about flat on organic for the quarter. I think nothing really systemic there.
In fact, actually, our leader there has a real emphasis on expanding D&E going forward. We feel like we have a lot of good growth opportunity. We've got a couple major projects to kind of address a couple of key markets for us, which include Brazil and China for us.
So I think we're very bullish about D&E overall for KCP, but just a little softness in the quarter, but nothing systemic there. We were really pleased with our 5% growth in North America, which I would tell you is a great result in the market where category actually -- category demand has actually softened from what we can tell in the categories. So I think that the strategy of kind of elevating these categories with our premium products is working fairly well.

Great question. Thanks for holding us accountable. I think the -- one, I'd say a couple of things, which is, I think the -- things changed a lot over the past -- over the course, let's say, 12 to 18 months. And I think we feel very good about reinvesting more in our businesses.
A couple of key factors is certainly I think you mentioned in your note this morning, which is the market environment is much more conducive to investment. Given kind of the competitive environment, I think it's giving an opportunity for marketing innovation to breathe. And so we're finding that, again, the investments we're making in marketing are more productive. Investments we're making in innovation are more productive. So that's probably the first big thing.
And so certainly, if you follow that line of logic then, one key area for us is to invest more in digital, which is very high return for us. We're making a lot of progress there and we're upping our capability. I'd say it's multiple markets and not only kind of our high kind of e-commerce markets but more broadly overall across markets.
Second, we are investing in capability. I talked a lot about -- with Bonnie about revenue growth management, a very important capability for us, helped us realize all list pricing this year. But if there's not as much list pricing going forward, it becomes a little harder, and so we have to up the capability of the organization. We've been investing this year in training and development and tools to help our organization do that.
And then the third key area is the product investments, and that's kind of the lifeblood of our business is the innovation. We feel very positive about the innovation that we've been launching. The 5D core diaper in China is doing very, very well. We just launched Special Delivery. Although -- it's just gaining distribution now, so it's too early to tell, but we're very excited about the prospects for that in our business.
And so I think those are probably the 3 big areas. And then what I might add is I mentioned in my prepared remarks a couple of hotspots in -- areas that we want to address to improve our share performance. I mentioned Peru in our prepared remarks, Snug & Dry in North America. Just as always, you're going to have some businesses that are going to need a little bit more work or investment, and those are some targets for us.

Yes. And just to pile on, Jason, so as Maria said, we like -- we prefer to run at high utilization and doesn't leave you a whole lot of wiggle room in your base state. And then when you're working through a restructuring, you're building inventory to kind of move the tissue asset or move production over. And at the same time, when volume's a little bit better than you planned, it kind of adds to a triple witching event.
And so we got a great team. I would say these are not systemic issues. But we're just putting a lot of challenges on them and we'll work through it. I would tell you that some of these cost issues, they're not going to be systemic, but they do reflect some of the operational difficulties that you might have.

Yes, Jason. Our teams would be really upset with us if we told them to shrink share a little bit. So we recognize actually share this year is probably one of the areas that we really want to improve on, and that's one of the reasons why we want to reinvest. So we're a little light in some areas, and we're working our way back there. And that's why we want to make some of the investments we're making.

Yes, Andrea. I think we came out in January with, under K-C Strategy 2022, kind of a midterm targets for us, which we said organically was 1% to 3% and mid-single digits on organic and then mid-single digits on the EPS line. And so we just put those out in January. We still think those are the right ones for us. We recognize that we had a little benefit with some commodity easing perhaps this year. But on a long-term basis, we still see the fundamentals of our business kind of tracking toward that.
And so we are working towards that and that's how we're thinking about our plan. Certainly, next year, we think commodities are less of a factor, but we still have some FX issues, particularly in Latin America, and we'll be working through those. So that's how we're thinking about 2020. I don't know Maria, anything to add?

Sorry, Andrea, about diapers and incontinence?

Yes. Overall, I'd say diapers, we're excited about our 5D diaper. It's off to a very good start. Overall, I think in China right now, share is overall flat. I'd say we're growing at a strong pace, double-digit rate in the value -- in the premium tiers and then down a bit in the value tiers, which is aligned with our strategy.
But we think -- one of the key things about China we're seeing is I think the terms of competition of the game is shifting back to innovation, which I think is important and good in the market in which consumers want a better product. We feel like we have very good products, and if not the best products that are in the market there. So we feel great about that. Adult incontinence for us is still a huge opportunity. It's a relatively small category in China but I think ripe for development, and we're increasing our focus there.

Yes. And overall, I think structurally, Ali, I'd say we're moving out of higher-cost locations into more efficient locations that'll deliver low -- total delivery costs lower.

Yes. I mean Ali, I think you'd know we're very focused on having the right value proposition. And so I do personally believe premiumization is the path that a company like ours needs to take globally. I think it certainly holds in a core market like the U.S. But certainly, D&E, many D&E markets are ready for that, too. But we're going to keep our sharp eye on kind of having the right value proposition for the consumer. And so therefore, for us, premiumization means we're going to earn it by making our products perform better or do more for the consumer. So that's the first part of it.
I'd say with regard to the first part of your question in -- when the commodities ease, I'd say part -- maybe the first part is that this has been a multiyear issue. And so we're still well above kind of some of the commodity levels that we were a couple of years ago. And so -- and still recovering in the margins. That said, in the past -- and I've been around long enough, 7 years now, long enough to see a couple of cycles of this. And we have seen a little bit more promoted activity when you get some long-term deflation. I'd say we're prepared for that.
I mean one of the areas in our revenue growth management initiative is we have invested in tools and capability to let us pick kind of the more efficient events. And trade optimization and promotion optimization is a keyword for us inside the halls here, and so we'll work through that. But I think we're prepared in either scenario. But right now, I think we're seeing pricing and promotion relatively stable in the marketplace right now.

I would say no more than the typical.

Yes. I think probably the biggest factor in D&E this quarter was -- we're starting to cycle or lap our pricing that we had in Latin America last year. I mean this time last year, we are launch -- increasing prices, high single, low double digits and brought that forward in the beginning of this year. I think we've rolled over our pricing in a market like Brazil right now. And so you're seeing -- starting to see that.
So I think last quarter, in Brazil, our organic was up teens. This quarter, it was up mid-single digits, still a good number with volume up but certainly cycling the pricing. And I don't know that we will have cycled the upper limit. There's a lot of factors in play, including the FX costs, the inflation internal in the market and the wage inflation that occurs like in a market like Argentina. So I don't think I'll judge on whether we're at a limit or not, but I do think we have cycled a lot of the pricing that we had planned this year, and we don't have a lot more going forward for the balance of this year.

Yes. I think we feel good about what's been in the marketplace. And overall, for the year, I'd say with the levels of pricing that we have, our volumes overall have been a bit stronger. In a market like Brazil with volumes up, with pricing last quarter up teens, I think that was a very good result. A lot of that was an artifact of a few things, which is, one, great end market execution. We're expanding distribution on key brands, expanding our presence on key items. And so I think that's driving very good results.
We're really growing and expanding the adult care category, the femcare category and the femcare category in Brazil into more geographies. And I think we're up double digits in those categories. And so we're really excited about that progress.
Certainly, like in CEE, I'd say it's a combination of innovation, in-market execution and marketing that's driving high teens organic growth, including volume. China similarly, the innovations working in our 5D diaper we saw return to growth last quarter, it's accelerated this quarter. So overall, I think the teams are doing -- have been doing a very good job in D&E and are driving the volume with disciplined market execution, innovation and good marketing.

Yes. Maybe -- Steve, it's a great question. I think maybe the caveat I'll -- precursor is we're right in the middle of our plans for 2020 right now. So I actually haven't even seen kind of a detailed role of 2020 for us yet. Although I'd say if you look at our business, I will start with North America. Overall, I think our share is a little softer than we would like this year, although we are seeing sequential progress this quarter. And I think the team is feeling very good about the progress they're making, especially with the innovation and the marketing plans that they have. So to see an ongoing improvement in North America is a top priority.
Certainly, we -- usually, we don't get very far into the call before we start talking about China. It remains our biggest growth opportunity, both in the near term and the long term. We're really excited about, I think, the progress that the team has made. So our investments in both the product, especially in diapers, and then the marketing side, both in diapers and especially in femcare, digital marketing, I think is working really well for us. And I think that's really important.
I think we've had great growth in Central and Eastern Europe, both -- either double-digit growth whether it's in the 20s or the high teens for a couple of years now, and we feel great about that. So that continues to be a high priority.
Latin America, as we talked about, I think we're -- the Brazil team is doing a great job executing. We have a couple of pockets in Latin America, which are important markets for us, like Peru that I mentioned that we're seeing a little increased competition. And so we're going to make sure that we have the right product offering in that market to be competitive and strengthen our position in that marketplace.

Yes. I think we've been working on what I would say is the commercial capability development of which innovation is a key area. The 4 pockets that I'll talk about, innovation, digital -- marketing overall, but digital especially, revenue growth management and then selling capability or in-market execution. So those are our big 4. I will tell you, I feel very good about the progress we're making globally across the enterprise in these areas.
One of the areas I do think we're making progress is on the innovation front. And I think we're starting to see our teams work much more effectively together across markets to leverage our enterprise scale on technology. And I think that's hitting the market or is going to affect what we're doing in the market.
Some of the 5D liner that we saw in China was developed by other parts of the world. The Huggies Special Delivery that we just launched in North America was jointly developed between Korea, China, Brazil and the U.S. team. And so we're starting to see more of that activity. So suffice it to say, we want bigger, more impactful innovation with our consumers, and you'll see more of that going forward.
And then in terms of the investment, it's just to support that, whether it's in the product cost or it's in the marketing of that product and being more aggressive in how we market that. I think those are areas that we're going to want to invest in.
And then the last area and it coincides with our market execution capability pillars, we want to play a bigger hand in developing categories, and we're seeing more of that. I think I mentioned in Brazil, we're seeing double -- high double-digit growth in adult care and baby wipes. And that's because of a concerted effort by the team in Latin America to focus on geographies and categories and expand the development of those categories. And so you'll see more of that investment going forward as well.

Yes. I mean that's -- I think that's been our stance since, I think, our January meeting, which is -- that's why we set forth these medium-term targets that would -- 1 to 3 top and mid-single-digit bottom. And at the same time, we would create the funds and the room necessary for us to drive some of the investment that we think we need to do to improve the share position of our brands for the long term and then also build the categories in kind of the big opportunities that we have in D&E for the long term.

Well, I was about to say something but Maria's shaking her head, so [indiscernible]. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. We're not ready to put a number on that. It probably is not yet -- not at this point.

Okay. Well, we're very pleased with our results this year. We had a strong quarter, and we feel very good about the performance thus far this year. And we're very optimistic about our growth prospects for the future, both in the near term and the long term. And our plan is to deliver balanced and sustainable value creation. So thank you, guys, very much.