Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reinforcing that we remain focused on 3 near-term priorities that we established since the outbreak of COVID-19. First, we're focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees and our consumers; second, we're proactively managing our supply chain to ensure supply of our essential products; and third, we're prudently managing the business through near-term volatility while continuing to strengthen the long-term health of Kimberly-Clark. 
Our 40,000 employees continue to do heroic work in this COVID environment. Our supply chain operations have remained online with strong productivity gains and fewer COVID-related disruptions over the last 3 months. The environment is still dynamic, and we're closely monitoring virus hotspots. And thus far, our supply chain has been resilient, and our teams have done a great job overcoming daily challenges. 
Now I'll turn to our results, focusing on organic sales, category conditions and our market shares. As Maria mentioned, organic sales increased 3% in the quarter. In North American consumer products, organic sales rose 8%. Now within that, personal care grew 6% driven by broad-based volume growth in baby and child care. We improved our market shares on diapers, baby wipes and in child care. In late July, we launched Pull-Ups new weave training pants, which features supersoft natural materials and is our most premium training pant. This is another example of our Elevate the Core strategy in action, and new weave is off to a very good start. 
In North American consumer tissue, organic sales increased 11%, and that reflects strong demand due to the COVID-19 work-from-home environment and strong momentum on Kleenex facial tissue. Bathroom tissue shipments benefited from our efforts to restore customer inventory levels. In the fourth quarter, we expect more benefit from those efforts and from people continuing to spend more time at home. 
Our market share performance in North American consumer products was strong in the third quarter. Shares were up or even in 6 of 8 categories. 
Turning to K-C Professional in North America, organic sales declined 15%. Sales were down about 35% in washroom products, and as you'd expect, the category has been significantly impacted. There are fewer people working in offices and lower levels of business activity, including in travel and lodging. Sales were a bit better in September, but we're planning for only a modest near-term improvement in the environment. 
On the other hand, KCP sales were up double digits in wipers, safety and other products. Our efforts to expand our face mask business by leveraging our superior nonwovens technology is off to a good start. We're also expanding our wipers lineup with Scott 24-hour, which delivers long-lasting surface protection from bacteria. 
Moving to D&E markets. Organic sales were up 2%. That was driven by 7% growth in personal care. In terms of key personal care markets, organic sales were up mid-teens in China, mid-single digits in both Latin America and Eastern Europe and strong double digits in India. Organic sales were down mid-single digits in ASEAN. We also improved our market shares in many countries in the quarter, and that includes Brazil, China, throughout Eastern Europe, India and Peru. While category conditions remain difficult in many D&E countries, government restrictions on social mobility and store operations have eased somewhat since the last quarter. 
Finally, in developed markets, organic sales were up 3% driven by strong growth in consumer tissue. Looking ahead, we're launching Kleenex Proactive Care in the U.K. and other markets in EMEA. This lineup includes hand towels, antibacterial hand and face wipes, sanitizing gel and face masks. 
Now in terms of market share performance, we continue to make good progress. We're on track to grow or maintain share in approximately 60% of the 80 category/country combinations that we track. This is a result of higher investment levels, innovations and strong in-market executions. Our capabilities are driving our results, and our investments are working hard for us. Through 9 months, I'm very encouraged with our performance, how we're navigating this environment and how our teams are taking care of each other and our customers. 
Before closing, I'd like to comment on our recent acquisition of Softex. This transaction is a strong strategic fit with our focus on accelerating growth in personal care in D&E markets. Softex expands our presence in a high-growth market where we had limited exposure. The diaper market in Indonesia is already the sixth largest in the world, and it's projected to nearly triple in size over the next decade. Our Softex team has built a strong business with deep local market knowledge, excellent brands and market positions, and strong profitability. This transaction improves our underlying growth prospects, and we're looking forward to leveraging our combined strengths in innovation, marketing and go-to-market. 
In conclusion, we're managing through the COVID environment safely and effectively. We remain optimistic about our opportunities to generate long-term growth and create shareholder value. We're investing in our brands and improving our market positions. We're raising our full year outlook and are on track to achieve excellent financial results, and we continue to operate our business with a balanced and sustainable approach as we execute K-C Strategy 2022. 
Now that concludes our prepared remarks. And now Maria, Paul and I will be happy to take your questions.

Okay. Lauren, let me start and then I'll ask -- go ahead, Maria.

Yes. Sorry, I'll give you a high level, and then Maria can give you a little bit more texture there. But I would say, overall, Lauren, here's the -- overall, the business was down about 15%. I would -- I think the business actually outperformed what mobility tells us what is the general kind of B2B environment, what that looks like. And so we feel good about the pivot that the teams are making to drive safety and wipers and masks. But the washroom business is significantly down. 
I think for us, overall, maybe the big change between Q2 and Q3, a big impact was we knew we had deferred maybe some of the volume impact in Q1 and Q2, and it did come to realization in Q3 because, I think, the market environment was soft in Q1 and 2. But as we mentioned on those calls, there were distributors and end users buying in to make sure that they had the right inventory when businesses were set to go back. And so we experienced some of that at the tail end of Q1 and the beginning of Q2. 
I think this does represent kind of the current run rate of where the market is. And I think it's better than kind of where the overall market is, but it's a pretty significant hit. And so it's affecting our -- obviously, we have high fixed costs, and so it's affecting our fixed absorption and other factors. 
But Maria, maybe you can give a little bit more detail here.

Yes. I think we're making very good progress on all those fronts, Lauren. In fact, we have added staff. We did announce that we are making some organizational changes to exactly do what you're saying, which is add more resources to where the growth areas are. And not only are we adding people resources but we are making capital investments to support the growth and expansion of that business, particularly in more advanced nonwovens capacity. So I think we feel very good about where that is going. 
Our mass business is off to a very strong start. We just started shipping in Q3. And so we feel good about the trajectory of that business. 
We're launching, as I mentioned in my remarks, Scott 24-hour -- or relaunching in a different format. And we think that would be a very good offering for customers and end users, and so we're excited about that as well. 
So we are going to be bringing more innovation. We think both in safety, masks, wipers, there's a lot more room for more fundamental innovation. And with our superior nonwovens technology, I think we feel like we can offer differentiated solutions. So we're looking forward to building that business.

Yes. Thanks, Olivia. Yes, overall, I would say the organic was more driven by volume in the quarter. And so price/mix were combined, overall for us, up about a point. And I think the dynamic that we saw in Q1 and Q2 is persisting, I think, in Q3, which is that price has been, in general, fairly neutral, mostly because in developed markets where there's been high demand, our promotion intensity for the category and for our brands, in particular, have come down a bit. And so I think as demand remains elevated, we'll see this. 
There are some categories that we are seeing perhaps return to more normalized promotion levels that happens to be more in personal care at this point. And so I think the overall pricing environment, Olivia, I would say, is generally constructive. 
But there are a few selected hotspots. We're seeing elevated promotions in adult care in North America, in particular. And promotions have increased a bit somewhat, I would say, in the consumer tissue business in Europe.

Yes. Olivia, our North American diaper team is doing a fantastic job. And I think when you peel the onion, there's no kind of secret bullet -- or silver bullet going on there. It's really very strong product offering lineup. And I think they've put very diligent efforts to improve the product offering and bring innovation. This year, the big innovation was a new and improved Snug & Dry, or our tier 4, product on a shaped diaper that was a significant improvement versus our previous version. 
But when you take great product performance with very strong marketing and strong digital investment, we feel like it's working very hard. And they're working in great partnership with our customers with great retail plans. 
And so we feel very good about it. The business overall was up low double digits despite the category being down a couple of points overall. And our share was up as you can see in the Nielsen. 
I would tell you all out, it wasn't up as much because we had some promotion timing -- or promotion events that came out of the quarter versus prior year. But we feel very good about our momentum on that business, and we'll continue to bring strong innovation.

Yes. Dara, I'll start with North America. I think the last set of data that we had, which generally lags a year, Dara, I would say, the category birth rate was down about 1%, which was an improvement over the prior couple of years, which were down about 2-ish percent. So I think it was heading in the right direction. 
We're reading the same articles you may be reading about the category, and there's all different kinds of projections, including baby boom because there's less to do and also a decline because there's -- the affordability is tougher. And so we're not seeing that yet. And thus far, as I mentioned, the category has been off about 2% year-to-date. And so we're watching that very closely. Glad to say our performance has been better than that. And that's, as I just mentioned with Olivia, because of the strong share performance and the strong product performance and marketing performance that we have in North America. 
I think in other markets, I would say it's -- there's a lot of -- it's a mixed bag across different markets. Certainly, one of the big reasons why we made the acquisition of Softex was to bind to a market that was expanding on the cusp of strong income -- household income growth in the population and strong birth rates, and that's Indonesia. Several other markets that have that profile for us. 
In our bigger developed markets, we have seen somewhat of a slowdown. Now in -- for instance, South Korea, I think our team has done a great job rebuilding our share position. And so we've seen significant share gains, but the birth rates in South Korea continue to be a bit soft. 
So overall, I don't have a great view right now at this point as long-term effects of COVID. I will say that the long-term math is our categories have a long runway of growth, particularly in D&E markets, which is why we're continuing to invest to build our business there. 
The overall, Dara, my theory would be the category is less than 1/3 developed in D&E., and so we're going to continue to -- emphasizing and building that business.

Yes. Dara, I might ask Maria to comment, but I will say, one, we'll provide our 2021 outlook in January. I think a good thought from my perspective would be to look at the combo of '19, '20 as a trajectory. But for certain, for us, we're in the middle of planning. There's a lot of uncertainty in the environment, as you can -- probably will surmise. And so we're still working through the details. 
You can expect us to continue to focus on improving our market positions and -- by making the kind of investments that we're making this year and continue to make progress on the value drivers, like in investing brand -- in brands and commercial capability. Cost savings and continue to drive FORCE is going to be a big feature of our plan, and ongoing discipline in capital allocation. 
But Maria, any additional thoughts here?

Yes. I think -- overall, I think our investment between the lines, overall, which includes advertising but also some of our capability build and I think incentive comps affected, I think we said it's in the remarks -- or in our release, which was up about 180 basis points. So that's a pretty significant impact in the quarter. We do feel like we have strong business -- underlying business momentum across our businesses, both -- globally in both consumer tissue and in personal care. 
Pleasant surprise in the quarter was, I think, a very strong improvement versus Q2 in developing and emerging markets. So we feel good about that. We feel like the spend is working. And it's something that we feel like is going to yield dividends in quarters to come. 
So Maria, any additional thoughts here?

Yes. I feel like -- I think I used the term generally constructive, and I feel that way. I think there have been some hotspots. I -- hopefully, I don't think they were talking about us because I think our promotion levels have been down, and our percent sold on promotion has been down consistently through this year. And frankly, we feel good about driving volume through product innovation and advertising, particularly digital. And so that's kind of the direction we've been moving in, Steve, and I think it's working. 
I think when I say some hotspots, we are seeing some elevated promotions actually from Procter on -- in adult care. And then in a few other categories, I think that may be more driven by retailer strategies. But I wouldn't say -- again, I think it's still, I think, constructive, and we feel good about where it is right now. But we're keeping a close eye on it, obviously.

Yes. Okay. Yes, let me start with the -- maybe the consumption and shipments dynamic. I'll probably speak mostly about North America because I think that's where kind of the big divergence has occurred through the first 3 quarters. 
In personal care, I'd say consumption and shipments have largely caught up. And so in the first quarter, there was a period where demand had kind of exceeded supply a bit on personal care, but I think most of that kind of reversed out during the second quarter. And I think our -- overall, our performance has been solid, and shipments have been strong and kind of reflecting kind of where the consumption has been. 
I think in consumer tissue, we've been working to catch up to demand all year. And I think in the first quarter, the category was up about 30%. And as you're well aware now, consumer tissue businesses aren't geared to be able to ramp up at that speed. 
And so we have been working to restore customer inventory levels. We're making progress. In the third quarter, the category of tissue was up about 9%. That's an overall category number. And you can see on our numbers, we shipped 11%.  And so we shipped a little bit more than what was consumed with consumers, and that's restoring inventory levels. I think it will take us all of -- at least all of Q4 to get our customers back to the inventory positions on tissue that they really want to be at. So that's that point. 
And then with regard to global pricing, I wouldn't say -- at this point, our plan is to hold pricing kind of where it is. There have been some changes. I mentioned earlier, in Europe, I think pricing has come down a point or 2, and that's more reflecting of retailers wanting to get back to their promotion strategies. Similarly, in China, we are seeing a little bit more promotion activity. Again, that's not our strategy in China, and our strategy is to drive -- and we feel like we're doing a very good job growing the business right now through strong product performance and digital advertising. 
And then -- so generally, our strategy has been, as we articulated in K-C 2022, great innovation supported by strong executional capability. Promotion is not really the way that we want to earn business going forward.

Yes. Maybe I'll start -- go ahead, Maria.

No. I was just saying, I think just to amplify on Maria's prior response, I think, Jason, it does reflect, I would tell you, extraordinary performance in our consumer tissue business under extraordinary circumstances, right? There was extraordinary demand, and we simplified our assortment and drove strong utilization on the consumer tissue side in the second quarter. I think that has probably come back a little bit in the third quarter. And at the same time, we probably didn't fully realize the full fixed-cost absorption in KCP in the second quarter because we had a little bit additional volume then. 
But Maria, any additional thoughts here?

Yes. Wendy, I do think, overall, I think the business is outperforming with at least our data would suggest is kind of the B2B kind of activity or general business environment for offices in industrial and travel and lodging, et cetera. And you're probably well aware of kind of where those are. But generally, the data we say -- mobility data would tell us those are generally off between 30% and 50%. Our business down 15% does reflect -- we're down 35% in the washroom business in North America. But overall, we were down 15% in North America, and that's because our wipers and our safety business has really started to grow at double-digit rates. 
And so I think we are pivoting to where the growth is right now. I think the washroom business is where it's going to be at for a while. I mean you can look at the projections for what the COVID infection rates are going to do. There is going to -- appears to be an escalation in Q4 before it starts to come down sometime in Q1. And I do expect people to remain working from home for the next -- for the foreseeable period into next year. 
And so we -- I think -- again, overall, I think our Professional business is outperforming what the environment says, but it is a pretty significant decline, and we're managing through it.

Well, the -- what I think I meant in that comment reflected national brands. Overall, Wendy, if you look at the private label shares, I think they're up in 1 of our categories and flat or down in 7, right? And so generally, I would say there's been a flight to quality at least in North America and generally in developed markets, I think, given the tough economic times. But I think we find typically in times of uncertainty that consumers look to the big brands for reliability, and so I think we're seeing that reflected in some of the numbers. 
Yes, the pricing environment, I think it's no more than the typical, I would say, skirmishing that happens across channels and across retailers with price points. Some of that has been less so this year overall because of extreme focus on supply and the reduction in promotions overall. But especially in tissue, I think it's been lower levels. But I think with personal care back kind of in stock positions across the industry, I'd say there's been more of a return to more normalized levels of promotion. And so it's no more than that.

Okay. Well, thank you very much, everyone. I'm encouraged by our ability to manage through challenging additions and deliver healthy business results, and so we thank you for attending our conference call this morning.