Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Hey, let me begin by saying that I am very proud of our K-C team and our accomplishments in 2020. We work tirelessly to protect the health and safety of each other by setting and maintaining strict safety protocols, all of which are in place today. We kept our global supply chain running and safely serve the needs of our consumers and customers, and in many cases, delivering record output. At the same time, we delivered healthy top line growth across our portfolio, gain market share, invested and strengthened long-term brand fundamentals and delivered strong financial results.
Looking more closely at our business segments, we saw excellent performance in personal care with 5% organic sales growth and strong share performance. In North America, organic sales rose 6% driven by broad-based growth in baby and child care. Our market shares were up nicely on both Huggies Diapers and GoodNites Youth Pants. 
In D&E markets, personal care organic sales were also up 6% despite volatile market conditions. More specifically, personal care organic sales were up double digits in China, India and South Africa, up high single digits in Eastern Europe and up low single digits in Latin America. We also improved our share positions in many D&E markets. 
Looking at our other segments, organic sales were up 13% in consumer tissue and down 7% in K-C Professional. As expected, both businesses experienced the effect of COVID-19 and the shift to more consumers working from home. We're pleased with how our K-C team managed through that volatility. To meet elevated demand in consumer tissue, we significantly reduced our SKU count and leveraged our global supply network to increase production, including support from KCP. We continue to focus on category-expanding and brand-building programs while improving our market execution. Those actions helped us gain market share for Kleenex facial tissue in North America and Europe. 
In KCP, where the washroom category continues to be a significant part of our business, we made good progress pivoting the growth opportunities in other parts of the business, including in wipers and safety products. Sales of those products were up double digits in North America.
Importantly, we grew or maintained market share in approximately 60% of the 80 key cohorts that we track. I'm pleased to see our brands winning in the marketplace. 
Overall, our results were strong, and I'm encouraged by the way we executed in 2020. 
Next, I'll turn to our outlook for 2021. We expect a more challenging environment, especially compared to last year. More specifically, we expect some of the net benefit from COVID dynamics, including higher consumer demand, to reverse. In addition, commodity costs are rising globally, and we're also reflecting our latest view on economic conditions and birth rate trends. Despite these factors, we're confident in our ability to deliver top line growth and expect to strengthen our market positions and improve our company for long-term value creation.
Our plans call for total sales growth of 4% to 6% in 2021, and that includes 2 points from the Softex acquisition and a 1- to 2-point benefit from currencies. We expect to grow organic sales of 1% to 2%. We plan to leverage and scale our brand-building capabilities and investments that we've made over the past 2 years. We have a healthy innovation pipeline, including near-term launches for Huggies in North America, China, Eastern Europe and Latin America. And we've also upgraded products for our global Kotex brand in several markets. We expect to benefit from selective pricing actions and other revenue management programs, but we're not currently planning for broad-based list price increases. And we'll continue to make capability and technology investments to drive long-term success. 
On advertising, spending should be similar to 2020 levels, and this reflects the increases we've made over the last 2 years and confidence in the strong ROIs from digital. We believe this level of investment is sufficient to support our growth plans in the current environment.
On the bottom line, we're targeting adjusted earnings per share of $7.75 to $8. That's evened up 3% year-on-year. We're focused on delivering our annual plan while managing the quarter-to-quarter volatility that could be higher than normal in this environment. 
Finally, because of the different COVID dynamics in 2020 and 2021, we think it is relevant to consider our performance over both years. So on that basis, using the midpoint of our 2021 outlook, we're projecting to grow organic sales approximately 4% and to increase adjusted earnings per share 7%, on average, over that 2-year period. Those growth rates are slightly above our medium-term objectives.
In conclusion, we're on track with K-C Strategy 2022, and we're managing effectively through a very challenging environment. We're improving our top line and strengthening our brands, our market positions and our company for the long term. We continue to be optimistic about our opportunities to deliver balanced and sustainable growth and create shareholder value.
That concludes our prepared remarks, and so now we'll be happy to take your questions.

Yes. Lauren, the 2020 outlook definitely reflects our confidence in our ability to sustain healthy brand performance, but we do expect to have a net drag due to the COVID overlap or the COVID-affected demand overlap from 2020. So that 1% to 2% organic, it's in the lower half of our range, but it does reflect healthy underlying performance in both personal care and consumer tissue, personal care being up, as I mentioned, about 5% organic in the fourth quarter and then we believe toward the second half an improvement in K-C Professional.
The drag from consumer tissue, the way we're looking at that business and we're tracking, we think there's a pretty good correlation with mobility data. We do expect the current environment in developed markets to look similar to what it is right now through the first half and then for people to gradually begin returning to work in the second half, and so that's what we factored in. We know there will be a cycle. And in our plans right now, that's certainly -- a part of it will be -- there will be -- we'll be lapping some big stock-up activity that occurred toward the end of the first quarter of last year and throughout the second quarter of last year. We know we'll be cycling that, but we do still expect at-home consumption to be somewhat more elevated than -- certainly than 2019, down from 2020, but still certainly a little more elevated. 
And then we feel like we have strong momentum in our personal care business globally. And as you go across markets, we saw robust growth and share growth against most of our personal care businesses across markets.

Yes. We have in our outlook in North America a birth rate decline, not as severe as that, I would say, but in that mid-single-digit range. However, I do think the more recent category data would suggest that the categories are running a little ahead of that. And so we've seen that data. Our team, especially in North America, is working closely with that. I will say the category -- or sales were up about -- for the category, about 3% in the quarter. And so for the past several quarters, I think, North America category has been trending ahead of that.

Yes. In North America...

Go ahead, Maria.

Okay. Sorry. We're in different rooms. I'm supposed to do a better job of playing the traffic cop, but I'll just start here, and Maria can also add some thoughts. But definitely, the promotion activity in the fourth quarter was down as it was and most of the year for us in North America. We're expecting with where demand is and we're still catching up to supplying our customers, that promotion intensity will still be down in the first quarter at least and probably the first half. We expect it to return to more normalized levels in the back half. But again, our plans are for lower promotional activity in the first half.
Certainly, given where commodities are, we expect to make the moves that we need to make to make sure that we can continue to drive our margins. And so certainly, additional cost savings and additional activities in RGM, selective price increases will be on the plate for us. Maria?

Yes. Olivia, maybe I'll start there. Just overall, on the consumer tissue, again, I think certainly will be a lap in the first half in our -- in developed markets like North America. We saw significant elevated demand through the -- by March of last year, and that ran through all the second quarter.
There was 2 components of that. One is just people being at home more and therefore driving elevated consumption. And then the other part was, as you read about in the papers, the high stock-up levels and people carrying a lot more inventory at home. We do think that we're going to have to cycle some of that extreme stock-up behavior, but we do think consumption levels at home will remain elevated at least through the first half and then tailored -- feathered down in the back half of the year. So that was part one. I forgot what your part -- other part was of your question.

Olivia, I think we said -- we didn't say no pricing. We said no kind of broad-based list price increases, but we have plenty of select pricing actions across our businesses in multiple markets. And so we will be making price moves, whether that -- we have some plans around count. We have some selective list price actions in some markets. 
And then certainly, with revenue growth management, how we manage our trade funding and how we get more efficient in our trade funding, we will be making some moves there. So I think there's no absolute rules in terms of what you're cycling in terms of the commodity and everything else, but our goal is to drive margin expansion. It's core to our K-C 2022 strategy, and we're confident in our ability to deliver over the long term. I think given kind of the heavy puts and takes driven by the current environment, it's reasonable to expect some choppiness from quarter-to-quarter, whereas in the case of this year, even year-to-year. But long term, our intent is to drive margin expansion, and cost management and pricing management is a core aspect of that.

Yes. Okay. Maybe, Dara, I'll start with the last part first, which is I think, yes, we did see a run-up in December from consumption, particularly on tissue. It has softened a little bit, and so we saw that throughout last year. And so it's moving around quite a bit from month-to-month and actually week-to-week, if you look at the details. So that's something we expect. But we do think that the fundamental dynamic is there are more people at home at this time than there were last year. That will continue through a big chunk of 2021. And then at some point, when hopefully, when the populations and markets get vaccinated and people will be returning to work, then we'll see a decline in some at-home tissue consumption at that point. But for the -- for our purposes, I think we've got that in the call, and we've gone through a thorough forecast of that.
With regard to the pricing, again, we do expect some significant cost inflation in the year. It's in our plans, and it's going to affect both the consumer tissue side and the personal care side. We're going to take appropriate actions. And certainly, that's going to -- if we're going to pull all the levers, and I've mentioned already, certainly around cost management. But in addition to that, it's one of the reasons why we're very pleased that we've got a robust revenue growth management capability up and running globally across our regions. And the levers we are working I mentioned Olivia will be selective count changes, some selective price -- list price increases and then a lot of work around trade efficiency and managing promotions.
On the promotion front, I would say the pricing environment, we expect that to remain constructive for the dynamics I just mentioned with Olivia, which is I think demand will continue to be a little bit elevated with supply under pressure in developed markets, especially in North America. And so we feel good about the progress we've made on our high road strategy and really not interested, long term, on kind of renting share through a promotion activity. And so we're going to work hard to continue to drive a strong base -- a robust base business.

Yes. I mean, yes, Kevin, I think the -- we're still working through kind of the mechanics of how we will drive the realization. I will say that the pricing calls are -- have come in more recently, and so they've changed over the last several months. And so we are working through that. And -- but certainly, we recognize the goal is that we've got to drive margin expansion, and we need to recover some of the input cost increases. And so for us, pulling out our lever across both the commercial side and our cost side, whether that's supply chain costs or being a little bit more aggressive on taking the right pricing actions, for us, is going to be important for this year. And so we are going to make those moves as we kind of work through the plan.

Yes. Maybe -- yes. There's definitely a couple of things. One, we feel great about the investments we've made. And we've put in, as you probably can do the math, a pretty significant investment over the last couple of years. And we feel like that's working really hard, and it's driving broad-based growth across most of our markets at this point. And so we feel great about that. 
We -- I did say in my remarks that advertising will be -- I think 2021 levels will be similar to 2020 levels. I think we feel like that is sufficient for the growth that's in our plans for this year. But in the near term, we want that to get more efficient, especially given what's -- everything that -- everybody's asked about with regard to commodities. So we're expecting productivity in terms of how we spend our advertising and how we make that more efficient and how we spend our trade and how we make that more efficient as well as throughout all the supply chain. So that's one part. We feel like it's efficient for our growth plans for this year. 
That said, I will tell you that we do have additional plans, and we are going to invest in other capability areas this year as well, right? And certainly, as we continue to drive our digital marketing programs, that's an area that we've continued to invest in terms of capability. We'll be investing more in our cost management capability. We brought in a new supply chain leader from the outside who see some good opportunities for us, and we'll be investing to take the organization and bring the tools. And so we can systematically drive better planning and better capability across the organization across markets and deliver -- we see productivity as a key enabler to our long-term strategy and to fuel the investment that we need.
So -- and then the last part I would say, Steve, is I do think that, over time, I would like the investment levels to be higher for the company, and we'll continue to do that as we continue to build our plans and gain confidence in our ability to do that.

Yes, yes. Steve, I mean, overall, our business is fundamentally strengthening globally, but -- I would say especially in D&E, and we feel like we're building a better company. That improvement is really driven by better execution and the investments that we just talked about in innovation, advertising and our commercial capabilities. So the improvement is really broad-based.
And if I just think about D&E, I think growth in the fourth quarter was across every region. So we saw double-digit increases in China, Argentina, India. India, which is an important long-term growth market for us; Africa, which I may have mentioned for the first time on the call here; and then we had high single-digit growth in Eastern Europe and Brazil. So we feel good about the performance of our markets. 
I think the one area on -- in terms of 2021 that we're going to continue to expect uncertainty due to COVID, particularly in D&E markets. And the reason I say that, that uncertainty is likely to be higher this year than it was last year because infections are climbing and at a higher rate than they were last year. And so we are going to see new waves. We're expecting additional waves to hit -- to occur in Latin America soon, and I think we're actually starting to see that now. And so that's going to have an ongoing effect that is just hard to quantify.
Our experience last year was an economy would maybe go on restriction, and the mobility will decline for a period and then bounce back. And then we saw that in Brazil. So for example, I think in the third quarter, the economy was locked down for quite a bit of time. And then in the fourth quarter, we had a high single-digit organic growth increase in Brazil, share growth in Brazil and a very strong fourth quarter performance. And so our experience will tell us we're going to expect and see some bumps along the way in D&E, but we are planning for overall growth.

Yes. Overall, online -- and maybe I'll start with the e-commerce side, Nik, going very well for us. Overall, the company grew over -- well over 30% for the full year. Heartening to know that our biggest e-commerce business was, by far, our fastest-growing business and grew well north of that. And so we feel really good about that. And certainly, you can recognize in North America what's happening with all the retailers going to omnichannel. It's driving that grocery pickup and everything else. 
The incrementality question, we're still working through the math of trying to track that. The data is evolving because, at this point, it's still tough for us to separate out. We do track online-enabled. But when you get into things like grocery pickup, it can be a little bit difficult to parse. And so I don't have a great answer for you right now, but that's something we're working on. But we do feel that we are gaining share on the online channels and growing well, and that's globally. And so we're really excited about our capability there. I think underneath, it is our focus on data and our data analytics capabilities. And our primary e-commerce markets really in these categories is very effective. And our customers like that, and they want to leverage that to be able to market to their constituents and their consumers and shoppers more effectively.
Sorry. I think I missed one part of your question, Nik.

Yes. I don't have the specifics off the top of my head. I do -- I will say, generally, certainly across all channels, we saw private-label shares down, in general, across the marketplace, but I'll have to get back to you on the online component.

Okay. And maybe, Maria, do you want to talk about the phasing, and then I'll come back and talk about the stocking?

Yes. Andrea, maybe I'll talk more to consumer tissue in North America. But as we think about cycling the demand from last year, I think there's one component, which is, in general, right now, I think we're still living in a world with elevated at-home tissue demand. With more people at home translates to more usage of bath tissue at home. Obviously, there's elevated consumption of towels as well because people are cleaning more often. So that's one overall effect.
Specific to last year, though, starting with the -- I think it was the third week -- second or third week of March, we started to see extreme elevated levels of consumption with consumers stocking up. And that's when you recall the shelves were empty. I think the third week of March last year, the scanner data, I would say, the category was up 212%. So that's one lap that I think we will not see that as much this year, and that's certainly a piece that we're going to have to cycle. And we saw that behavior starting in March, and it remained through a big piece of the second quarter. So I think the consumer stock-up effect will come out over time, but I think for the first half, at least, we'll continue to see elevated at-home usage.

Yes, Andrea. And then on the share question, are you talking about North America tissue or more broadly?

Yes. Overall, I would say in North America tissue, our shares -- I would say our shares are kind of even with year ago and -- or even down a little bit in our bath tissue, primarily driven by supply constraints. And so the demand is there. We're shipping everything we can make and trying to fill up both consumer and customer demand there, but we're actually down a little bit on share. But I think we -- the category had unprecedented 20% growth over the year last year in North America, and so we really kind of moved mountains to serve the demand. 
I think, overall, our shares were very strong for the year. As I mentioned in the remarks, we were up or even in about 60% of our markets globally or key cohorts globally. And I think we saw progression through the year and really strengthening in the second half of the year. And that's really factored into our thinking. And it is why we believe, particularly in our personal care business globally, which has been less affected by COVID. And if anything, I think the categories have been more -- faced more headwind due to COVID than tailwinds globally. But for the year, personal care was up 5%. We did see acceleration in the back half and very comprehensive growth across markets.
So if I -- I'll just tell you, Andrea, the share growth was very broad-based. We saw very strong performance in China in both fem care and diapers, Brazil in the fourth quarter, Argentina where we took on share leadership in diapers during the year; Peru, which I mentioned was a challenging market for us in 2019, has really improved, and we were up by multiple share points in the back half of the year; Eastern Europe, Russia continues to see strong robust share growth. And as I mentioned, kind of the important emerging markets for us like Africa and India, we're also seeing good robust share growth as well.

Yes. Well, Jason, I would say the category has behaved as -- at least the data would suggest, meaning the last data that we had and the birth rate data does lag by about a year. So the last piece of data we saw was down about 1% or 2%. And actually, as we got into 2020, I think a slight improvement. I think it was down 1% versus it was down 2% the prior year in 2019 in that range. And so I think the category, at least lagging a year, I would say, has behaved similarly. 
In the sense of volume, I think, for the categories has been from quarter-to-quarter down 1% or 2-ish, right, in that range, so consistent with the birth rate. The category dollar value has grown because of premiumization, and I think that is our core strategy for big, developed markets. We still think there's a lot of opportunity for us to elevate our categories. Our customers believe that. And I think we're seeing that in the performance, particularly with Huggies in North America. For the quarter, I think we were up over 3 share points in the diaper category. 
And if you try to kind of put your finger on exactly what that is, it's -- there's nothing -- there's no one silver bullet. There's a lot of things going on. And we're excited about the innovation we've brought to the category. We have more comprehensive innovation we're bringing this year. I think we're touching -- our focus is on premium this year, and I think we're touching 75% of our portfolio with really good innovation. And so we're really excited about that. But I don't know that we'll define the laws of gravity for the category and the birth rate. It's been consistent. Things you hear, Jason, around -- or Lauren mentioned 8% category declines. Those are forecast from third parties, but we haven't seen that in the data yet.

Yes. I mean -- and certainly, we're keeping close tabs on all that. And we have seen some deceleration in categories. I wouldn't -- I don't know enough data yet to call it birth rate but certainly COVID-related or population-related. So certainly, we saw a decline in births in Russia. That actually tracks with the population dynamics with fewer women of childbearing age there. Korea continues to -- I think we've seen improvement over the last couple of years but continues to be negative. And so I think in a handful of markets, we are seeing that. In D&E, I think a little tough to call right now. And one of the things is I think the COVID impact has been a little sporadic in those markets where we've seen declines when the markets go into lockdown. But then, as I mentioned earlier, with Brazil, a pretty good bounce back once the economy reopens.

Yes. Well, Chris, I think you're hitting kind of an important spot for me. I mean, philosophically, I just -- I don't like -- I don't believe in overpromoting categories. And really, for me, the purpose of promotion, at least that I tend to sign up for, is it's the drive trial of your brand, right, whether you have important news or you're trying to get that brand to a population that hasn't experienced before. So that's, for me, the strategic point. I do think when categories get overpromoted, it tends to drive some commoditization. And over time, I think it lowers the growth potential of that category. So for me, I would like our organization to be very disciplined about how we reintroduce promotions into the marketplace.
Certainly, I think we have great partnerships with our customers and recognize the importance for it to build their business, and we're going to be great partners with them. But I do think how we think about promotions, I think you're asking the right questions. And so for us to be -- continue to be very disciplined about how we think about it and how we manage it will be important going forward. 
And the other part of it is it's a big spend for us, and it's not -- in any given year, the money is not perfectly spent, and so we can always get better. That's why we've invested in capability and broaden a lot of tools in our revenue management capability to give us the analytics to help us spend that money more wisely going forward.

Yes, yes. Great point also as well, Chris. And I will say our professional team has done a great job pivoting, and so we did see strong sequential improvement in the quarter behind their pivot to wipers and safety products. And -- but you're right, the core washroom business, while improved sequentially as well from the third quarter, still down. I think our -- the -- having both sides of the business, both professional side and the consumer side, is a good benefit for us. And so it does give us the ability to move capacity around to some degree. 
Certainly, on the professional side, we do have some assets that are unique to professional. But over time, I think we are expecting the professional business to return. It may not return -- I don't know yet whether it will return to pre-2020 levels. That remains to be seen. I do hope that, that does. But I think we have -- we will -- have proven over time to be able to manage our capacity and our asset investments to rightsize the business for either growth or to shift businesses or asset capability to other businesses where we can utilize those assets more efficiently. So we'll make the right business decision. And I'll just point out that, again, margin expansion is core to kind of our job and what we do, and so we'll continue to make the right management decisions over the long term.

Yes. Maria, I don't know if you want to lead off there.

Okay. Well, thank you. Certainly, we feel like we're very well positioned. Our categories are essential. Our brands are healthy, and we think there's lots of room for us to elevate and expand our categories. So thank you for joining us today.