Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. We joined you today during an unprecedented time, and we hope all our stakeholders are staying healthy and safe. The COVID-19 crisis is severely affecting individuals and society at large, and it's forcing companies like ours to adapt to overcome near-term operating challenges and uncertainty. Kimberly-Clark's vision is to provide the world with essentials for a better life, and we know our consumers are counting on us now more than ever to fulfill that vision. We take this responsibility seriously, and our teams are working around the clock to ensure our essential products get to our consumers who depend on us.
The K-C Foundation and our brands have launched programs to support COVID-19 relief efforts. And thus far, we provided donations of more than $8 million to organizations, including UNICEF, the Red Cross and the United Way. We're also donating millions and millions of our products to other organizations in need.
Since the outbreak of COVID-19, we've taken decisive action to manage our business effectively through this crisis. We have 3 key operating priorities. Priority number one, protect the health and safety of our employees and our consumers. Throughout our 148-year history, this has never been more important than right now. We've taken aggressive action to protect our employees around the world no matter where they work. That includes implementing extensive sanitization, quarantine and social distance protocols in our manufacturing facilities, work-from-home policies and of course, travel restrictions. We're also recognizing our manufacturing employees with well-deserved bonuses and appreciation of their efforts.
Priority number two, proactively manage our global supply chain to ensure supply of our essential products to our consumers. Our supply chain teams are meeting multiple times each day to effectively navigate the dynamic environment. They're doing a great job in keeping our global supply chain largely operational, in many cases, delivering record output. We're running our assets flat out and greatly simplifying our assortment to improve product availability. We're working with raw material suppliers and distribution partners to ensure continuity and maximize deliveries. In some cases, we are incurring additional costs to keep the supply chain rolling. We have experienced some disruption, including temporary manufacturing slowdowns and shutdowns, but none have had material impact to date. The supply chain environment is dynamic, and we expect ongoing challenges in the near term. However, we're encouraged with our team's ability thus far to manage effectively in the current environment.
Priority number three, prudently manage the business through near-term volatility while continuing to strengthen the long-term health of Kimberly-Clark. We'll continue to operate with a balanced perspective on both the top and bottom line as we assess both risk and opportunity. We'll continue to invest in our products, our brands and our commercial capabilities to maintain the near-term health of our business and position us for long-term success. That said, some investment in brand support, including promotion activity, will be deferred temporarily because it isn't effective or appropriate in the current environment.
We'll also manage our discretionary overhead even more tightly. And as Maria will describe, we've taken additional steps to further strengthen our balance sheet and enhance our financial flexibility.
While the environment continues to evolve rapidly, our teams are managing our priorities and our business well. I'm extremely proud of our entire K-C team and want to express sincere thanks for how they are fulfilling our vision.
Maria will take you through the results of the quarter. But as you can see from the release, we're performing well, have a strong balance sheet and are delivering solid cash flow.
In a few minutes, I'll discuss the outlook and then open the call for your questions. But for now, I'll turn it over to Maria.

Okay. Thank you, Maria. Now I'll provide some forward-looking perspective. We're focused on ensuring business continuity, and we're developing robust contingency plans to address a wide range of scenarios. I feel good about where we stand right now, but we're navigating a very dynamic environment. Due to the lack of visibility and uncertainty about the potential impact of that pandemic, including its potential effects on the global economy, our markets and our supply chain, we're temporarily suspending our forward-looking guidance. Now as the situation progresses and we get more visibility into the impact of the pandemic, we will resume guidance.
To date, our teams have done an excellent job navigating through the volatility. However, the inherent unpredictability of the pandemic creates uncertainty, and that makes it difficult for us to assess future outcomes with any precision. 
In addition to volatility in currency, commodities and supply chain, there are effects on demand, and I'll share some perspective on that right now.
Our essential categories have historically performed well in times of economic turbulence. In consumer, our underlying momentum is solid, and we're making strong progress on our strategic growth initiatives. We'll continue to support our brands with innovation and marketing. Near-term innovation launches include upgrades in Huggies in China, North America and Brazil; Kotex in Eastern Europe; and Poise and Depend in North America.
Consumption in the first quarter ran ahead of shipments. And as a result, we expect retailers will rebuild inventory and that we'll see additional volume in the second quarter. And we're seeing that play out thus far in April. We expect most, but not all, of the demand increase from consumer stock-up will reverse out later in the year. However, with more people at home and also paying closer attention to personal hygiene, it's likely that consumer tissue consumption will be higher during shelter-in-place periods.
We're also closely monitoring pandemic and economic conditions in D&E markets, including Latin America, and evaluating how that could impact the health of our consumers and our categories.
Now shifting to K-C Professional. Demand was solid in the first quarter and boosted by stock-up activity that occurred in March. Given the economic shock that's occurred and with much of the population staying at home, KCP is likely to face volume declines starting in the second quarter that will persist until economic conditions return to more "normal levels." We're seeing early signs of that softness thus far in April. Impacted end markets are likely to include, obviously, offices, travel and lodging, high-traffic accounts, including retail and manufacturing.
Now I'd like to conclude with a few important messages. First, we're very confident in the strength, the resilience and the overall health of our company. We're navigating near-term uncertainty well and appreciate the commitment of our K-C strong team. We're managing prudently in the near term and strongly believe in our ability to create long-term shareholder value.
And that concludes our prepared remarks, and we'd be happy to take your questions.

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. And I'll point out, Paul, Maria and I were all in remote locations or separate locations, so this may be a little clunky, and we may need to do logistics over the phone. But Lauren, but regarding your question, overall, we do expect some near-term volume decline in K-C Professional. However, I will say there's a long-term opportunity to serve in a very important need as creating healthier workplaces, and focus on hygiene becomes more important going forward. 
However, in the short term, I would say the majority of our business is the washroom business. That's the largest part of our business, overall, more than half of our business. And we expect that to be hit particularly hard by what I just mentioned, offices, which our early data shows that office use is down about 80% where we can see that data through our Onvation products. 
Travel and lodging, significantly down. I think hotel occupancy is the latest data we saw. We're at 21% of capacity. And amazingly, ceded restaurant traffic was down 100% globally in the latest weeks that we could see, so there will be an impact there. But I will say we will see commensurate or increases in our wipers business, our safety business, which does provide some PPE, and we're ready to make that pivot and actually believe that we can do a better job helping employers create healthier workplaces.

Yes. I may ask Paul to jump in, but I will say maybe the bigger part of the business that we feel like we can expand right now is on the wipers side, and that's a great business for us and strong performing, and we're seeing that commensurate increase starting to come through now. On the safety side, it is a relatively small business for us. We don't produce any of the PPE masks or gloves directly. We have those co-packed. And so we are in a tight supply situation as everybody else in the world has. And so we expect that to grow over time. But in the near term, we're in a tight supply situation.
Paul, anything to add there?

Yes. Thank you, Lauren. And first of all, I'll say we remain committed to our K-C 2022 Strategy. And that strategy is working very well. As Maria said, we felt like we got off to a very good start at the beginning of the quarter, and then we saw the pronounced stock-up effect that started occurring toward the end of March. So we're very excited about our innovation and commercial programming and think there's a lot of opportunity for us to continue to elevate our categories and also expand our markets or expand the categories in our markets as well.
Maybe some of the big pockets, China, notably, I think that really, the team there is doing an excellent job navigating both COVID-19 and delivering strong growth at the same time. We were out, and the country was down or the -- our business and our manufacturing was down for about 3 weeks. January, February, they were the first ones, obviously, to feel the effects. And -- but we've been fully online since. Organic was up low double digits in the quarter for China overall with strong double-digit growth in femcare and mid-single-digit growth in diapers. And the important thing about diapers is -- and I'm very encouraged by the trend -- is I do believe the category is reverting back to competing on product performance, and we feel like we're well positioned. We saw a share -- strong share growth in the premium tiers and strong volume growth in the premium tiers. Still down a bit in value, but we're managing through that.
Similarly, D&E in Central and Eastern Europe was up high teens. Brazil was up, I think, low double digits as well. So we're seeing very good performance across our D&E markets. Notably, Lauren, I also would tell you, there was much less stock-up behavior in the D&E market. So the China team would say there was none in our categories. I do think in Brazil, we saw a little bit in consumer tissue.

Yes. Dara, it's a great question. It's definitely the former. I think, obviously, to date, our performance has been strong. We feel very good about that. We feel confident in our ability to manage in the current environment. However, I think there are a lot of unknowns. And it's -- as I said in my remarks, it really has to do with what the future path of the virus takes and what the commensurate impact is going to be.
But maybe I'll let Maria comment on maybe both the outlook and also what we're doing with share repurchase and all that. And then maybe I'll come back with some additional perspective at the end.

Yes. Dara, I'll pile on, which is I think we are definitely encouraged by our start, even this tough environment notwithstanding. I think we're managing through this uncertainty effectively. As Maria mentioned, in our jobs, I don't think we ever felt like we would be arguing over epidemiological models, and we are. And we're working through -- actually through 11 of them, and they all have different assumptions. And now while that makes it difficult for us to call the business for this purpose, I will tell you, from an operating perspective, we are using those models to predict the outcomes to drive scenario planning and contingency plans for all of our operations around the world. And so we've got a great team, global team managing the COVID-19 crisis for us and very thorough in terms of how we're thinking about it and very proactive about how we're applying learnings to how we take care of our employees and our consumers and keep operations rolling.

Yes. Yes. Dara, I think philosophically, I think we -- again, I think I mentioned on the call last time, we prefer taking the high road, which is build markets and brands through innovation and advertising and grow the category overall. I'm not a huge fan of overpromoting categories. That said, we are seeing a reduction in promotions, mostly because demand is running ahead of supply. And so it doesn't make sense to be promoting when the shelves are not full at this point. So we are seeing some pare back. I would expect us to be in that kind of environment for the -- into the second quarter. 
I think there will be a recessionary impact. Obviously, I think it will be pretty significant and maybe among the largest that we've seen in recent history. While consumers, I think, become more interested in value in those times, I'm not necessarily certain that, that drives us to an aggressively promoted environment. I wasn't here at the time, but I was managing a business that competed in the food categories. And the strategy was not promotion. It was more about explaining to consumers about the value of the products and the value of the brands. And in that business, we saw our best years during the recession. 
So I think we're well positioned for the recession. We're not a premium niche player, even though premiumization is our core strategy. We're not a niche player in premium. We cover most tiers, and we're happy we do that. And we want to serve consumers and meet consumers where their needs are, and we're going to do that.

Yes. I think in some cases, we will price and we have priced already to recover or offset some of the FX issues. Although in some markets, like notably in Latin America, we are seeing more price controls put into place in the short term, given what's been going on with the pandemic. So -- but in general, we're -- we will be taking price in some markets, and we have already done that.

Yes, Nik. Yes. We -- we're committed to our K-C 2022 Strategy. We love our categories. I think there's a lot of potential there, both in terms of how we elevate and premiumize our existing markets and also how we develop our markets and expand the categories in our markets over time. So for those reasons, we remain very excited about the strategy, and I think it's working. 
I think maybe with the current situation with the pandemic, if it does create more opportunity or other opportunities for us to think about how we accelerate that, we're going to look at those. I can't tell you there's anything active on that radar right now, but Jeff is very experienced. As Maria always says every quarter, we're always actively looking at M&A. Certainly, I think our focus would be within our existing categories. And if it had a -- either a technology or a product or a brand that fit in very well or a geography or brought us into a geography or strengthen the position in the geography, that we would be very excited about it, but at the right value. And obviously, we're very disciplined. But we'll continue to look for those opportunities, and Jeff's very experienced.
Maria, anything to add there?

Yes. Yes. I'll start maybe and Maria. But the -- there will be a destock, right? So there was consumer pantry stocking. It definitely went into homes and not at retail. And I think there's maybe 2 effects, which is, one, we -- and I mentioned this in my remarks, we still will -- with consumption running so far ahead of shipments, we will be looking to rebuild inventory or our customers will be looking to rebuild inventory in their systems. I also think, in general, consumers will want to carry a bit more inventory on their own. So that's the second effect. So while there will be, I think, significant destocking, I think it will be lumpy. 
And the other reason why it'd be lumpy is I don't think the stocking occurred evenly across our consumers, meaning it would be very easy to predict if every household bought 30% more. But I think what's happened is it's a fraction of households that have it. And so we will continue to, I think, see some households will be looking to build up their inventory or get their hands on more product, while others will be destocking. And for that reason, it's going to be a little more challenging to call, and we're still working and sifting through the data there.

Yes. Yes. Olivia, I'll tell you, our supply chain is executing very well, and they've had a very disciplined approach to managing through the COVID-19. We've had a few sporadic outages that I mentioned. But really, the focus right now is on increasing and driving our utilization and our throughput. And in general, I think I mentioned in my remarks that in a lot of cases, we're achieving record output. 
What we've really done is significantly pared back the number of SKUs we are producing. Just -- we're just producing the large-volume SKUs, and that's given us more theoretical capacity, and we're getting more output out than we ever had in a lot of locations. And so right now, that is the focus. And I will say, it's working. And I think you'll see us catch up to demand in the second quarter and made progress during the second quarter.
Sorry, I missed -- probably the other part was around KCP?

Yes. As we finished the first quarter with the demand that we saw in KCP, KCP was also running flat out as well. I think at some point, given kind of the relative shift, lower demand in professional, as we mentioned, and also increased demand on the consumer side, there will be an opportunity for us to shift some capacity to consumer, and we're looking into that and working through that now.

Yes. Maybe I'll make the comment on the advertising and maybe ask Maria to talk a little bit more about the savings. But one, the headline, Olivia, is we're going to continue to invest in our brands and our capability to grow the business. But we're going to just defer what I would say is the -- maybe the clearly demand-generating marketing in the second quarter or parts of the second quarter until we have a better handle on and catch up a little bit to fulfilling the existing demand that's out there. 
So we feel really good about the quality of the innovation, the quality of our marketing. We're excited about the plans that we have this year. But as I mentioned, it doesn't make sense to overpromote a category where there's not the full stock available on the shelf. And so for that reason, we're going to focus on ROI. If this doesn't drive a big return, we will pare it back. But to us, right now, it's a temporary shift, and we want to continue to invest in the brands. Maria?

Yes. Maybe I'll start -- I'll tick through. I think the consumption effect -- yes, largely, the stock-up effect, Andrea, was largely a D&E -- sorry, a developed market phenomenon, so North America, Western Europe, Australia, New Zealand and Korea, to some extent. In Korea that you probed on, yes, I would say less so in personal care, although I think there was some small effect. We definitely saw -- we're excited to see improved diaper performance from our business and share growth in our diaper business. So even though I think the category trends remain down in Korea on infant and child care, our diaper business put up very solid growth. And then we did see earlier, it occurred more in February, some stock-up behavior in consumer tissue in Korea as well. So -- but in general, yes, significant stock-up impact in -- across Western Europe, including the U.K. and North America, a little bit in Brazil and then Korea, New Zealand -- Australia and New Zealand. 
With regard to e-commerce, I'll ask Paul for it if he has an all-up number. I don't have the all-up number. I will tell you, e-commerce shipments and demand dramatically accelerated in the quarter. And if you've been reading the news, the consumer behavior has shifted to some degree pretty aggressively because of people not wanting to go out to stores. And so we're feeling that in our business. 
And I don't know, Paul, if you have -- I don't have the overall number.

Yes. Maybe I'll ask Paul to jump in. I think we're still working through that. I mean we definitely have the opportunity to shift some capacity. I don't know that I can pencil a number next to it. 
But Paul, I don't know if you thought about...

Yes. On that one, I -- we did see a stock-up effect on anything bath tissue. And so -- and we're not exactly sure at this point. I think a lot of it went through to end users and a lot of it went to distributors as well. But there was some pull-through toward -- as we got toward the -- late in the quarter, particularly on washroom products, so strong demand. Again, we obviously expect that to diminish as we move into the second quarter.

Well, I don't have that off the top of my head, but I definitely -- where -- your line of thinking I agree with, which is, look, consumers are going to be home more. And so there's many more occasions for them to interact with our brands than they traditionally would have. The other thing is, it's kind of the KCP to consumer shift is an apples-and-oranges shift in the sense of KCP, the big horse products tend to be towels. And on the consumer side, the big horse tends to be bath tissue. And so there is a shift effect. Obviously, I think we have a good position in bath tissue on the consumer side that we like, and we're going to be ready to meet the consumers where they need us here.

Again, I haven't seen any evidence of that thus far. I think, certainly, in the short term, given the supply situation in the market, maybe there has been a little more flexibility and some people looking to sell different products in the marketplace for consumer use. But in general, I think what Paul was talking about, which is our shift in capacity, is to make Scott 1000 or Scott products or Cottonelle products the right way when we make that shift. And we're going to -- and it will have every bit the same quality that our consumers would expect. And so that's kind of the thought we're doing. I haven't seen any evidence of that shift thus far from other suppliers, but certainly something we're going to keep watching.

Yes. I think -- yes. I think the capabilities are all critical for moving forward, and they're foundational for a consumer products company. I mean I'll just kind of walk you through. And we're kind of using them all right now, right? Innovation, a big one; marketing with a special emphasis on digital; the sales execution or in-market execution; and revenue management. 
And so if you click through all those, I think they all have important effects for us this year. Innovation, we're seeing strong traction in China, Central and Eastern Europe, North America on our product launches. And so we want to continue those. Obviously, digital is kind of how we are competing, and it's really the lion's share of our media investment. And so we got to get better at that continuously. I think if you think about this environment, though, a lot of it does come down to the in-market execution, and we're still seeing very strong execution locally. And that matters more when we're in a tight supply situation, the coordination there. And then lastly, the revenue management, I think that will be -- I think that's an important capability, and especially given what we might anticipate some recessionary impacts and what that might do to create pressure in the promotion or pricing environment, and we're very glad we have that capability to help us manage through that in an effective way. So yes, we're...

Yes. Go ahead, Maria.

Yes. I think I probably am in a different place there. One, I would tell you that the pricing environment right now still remains broadly constructive. And in the current environment, we have dialed back significantly on promotion activity just given the demand environment. 
I think in general, my preference is to drive category growth through innovation and advertising and to grow the overall categories. But we will stay close to what's happening in the marketplace, and we're going to continue to be competitive, but it's not where I want to go. But I do think we have the capability to be very effective in a recessionary context. And I think we're well positioned in both cases with the right brands that offer value to the consumers. And when I say that, Steve, it's not necessarily price or promotion-driven. And a lot of it I think will be communication or marketing relating to the value that our brands provide to consumers.

Yes. And if I were to lead, again, I prefer in the high road, and I'd rather grow through innovation and brands. So...

Yes. Well, I think -- Wendy, I think maybe the general theme is, certainly, there's been some significant change in the overall environment and also the competitive environment. And so what we really want to do is pivot to where the opportunities for us to fill better needs are. 
And certainly, when you talk about K-C Professional, I think I mentioned the opportunity for us to provide healthier workplaces, I think, is a very big opportunity. And for us to compete more effectively, I think we are starting to have very good conversations there. I think we're starting to see success, much more faster success in our towel business despite a lot of locations being closed for now, but in our towel business, and because they're healthier or safer than jet air dryers. 
And so we are making those type of moves, and we'll work through the other areas. We also feel like, obviously, we're stronger. We have a stronger balance sheet, better capitalized. And so there are some customers who recognize the value of doing that. And so we want to leverage that opportunity as well.

Yes. I think we're certainly more focused on the branded side. And thus far, it's been a relatively small piece of our business. And certainly, Wendy, right now, with -- given all what we got with our capacity limitations in the near term, we're really focused on filling all the brand demand that we got right now.

Yes. Wendy, in femcare in North America, it was up about high single digits on the volume, but we were down about 1 point on share. So I think you're right on what you're pushing on. We have a great global brand positioning with our She Can global brand idea, and I think that's been working for us globally. I think we do have a team that is working to improve that execution in North America and also bring the right innovation to the market. And so we love the brand positioning, but we got to do a better job of executing that in North America and the team is all over it.

Yes. With regard to diapers, I think we did see some improvement in the birth rate in North America over the past year or so. Now just recognize, Kevin, we lag a year. So I think it had been down for the previous few years, down about, I don't know, 2-ish percent. And I think maybe the most recent year, we -- our expectation was it -- for it to be down about 1 point. And the category, I think, through the back half of last year and through the first couple of months of this year, really was rebounding quite well and I would say up almost mid-single digits or technically mid-single digits. So I think it was a nice rebound in the category. 
Obviously, the stock-up effect really kind of affected that and got it up to double digits in the latest quarter for the full quarter. But we are very excited about our diaper business globally and in particular, in North America. We've got great products. We've got a significant product improvement coming in Huggies Snug & Dry. And we've got great products across premium -- and strong momentum in our premium business. And so again, I think -- so I think to Jason's point, I wouldn't expect the pandemic to grow category consumption in diapers, so there's pronounced stock-up effect. But I do think we are seeing an improvement or expect to see some improvements in the birth rate. 
On e-commerce, right now, given the supply situation, I think, again, as Paul mentioned, very, very strong double-digit growth that we had in the quarter. Really the focus right now is getting the supply out there, and we are allocating products to customers and making sure that we get the right products out to our customers. And so really, maybe the focus in the near term is about getting supply ramped up and out there and increasing our capacity. 
So -- and then I forgot the third question.

Yes. Well, I'll break that down to our 3 principal markets. So obviously, our biggest e-commerce markets are in the U.S., China and Korea. In China, well over 50% of our business is in e-commerce, and we have a very strong e-commerce position there. Similarly, in Korea, almost 90% of the diaper business is on e-commerce. Obviously, we're far and away the market share leader in Korea. And then in the U.S., I would say, across our categories overall, we're about fair share although, however, we're probably a little ahead on consumer tissue and a little bit lighter on diapers, but we've been making progress there. In fact, I think we had a multiple share point increase last year on our online diaper share. So we're making progress. 
With regard to margins, generally, the way we price out, particularly in North America, we price our customers, they're all on a similar program. So margins at the highest level tend to be about the same. There are going to be some differences because we do reflect advertising investment back to the customer because they are the customer. And so there will be some differences. And it may appear that the margins may be slightly lower, but that really reflects what we're doing, let's say, with Amazon media or Walmart media or those kinds of things.

Yes. With regard to BRIC, maybe I'll have to talk through the different pieces just because we don't lump them together. But I think the -- with regard to China, I would say the business for us has been largely back online both figuratively and literally. And since we tend to have a big portion of our business sold online, I think sales have, I would say, resumed, if not normal levels, closer to normal levels. And we feel very good about that. And I think our team feels very bullish about how that market is performing and where the consumer is headed there. 
Brazil is still early to tell because I think the impact of -- we've been experiencing the recessionary impact in Brazil for a while now. And then the pandemic is a more recent phenomenon there. There's a little bit of a lag of it affecting it there. But it's starting to have an impact, and that's why we did see some of the stock-up behavior. I do think we are seeing continued strong demand in tissue. It's a little tough to see what was the stock-up effect versus what was the normal pull-through effect, but it was definitely elevated. And then on the personal care side, we did see demand softened a little bit. And again, we have been seeing that occur in the category over the last several quarters just based on the economic impacts. 
Let's see. BRIC -- India, right now, we're strong double-digit growth and continuing to have strong double-digit growth. But the more recent emphasis with COVID-19 now is making sure that we can maintain operational supply, and that's been a big focus. We were down for a period of time while we were getting the right permits to operate as an essential business. So -- and we're back online now fully. But as you know or may read that I think the COVID, we're very concerned about the repercussions in the marketplace and the effect that it's going to have on consumers, and so we're staying close to that. That said, we experienced strong double-digit growth in the quarter there. 
And then Russia or Central and Eastern Europe for us overall continues to perform very strongly. It was up high teens overall. Strong share growth in diapers and femcare in Russia last quarter, multiple share points in both. It turns out, I was in Ukraine and Uzbekistan and Russia right before we went on work from home. The markets are performing great. Ukraine, we've achieved share leadership. I think we're about a 40 share at this point, nearly a 60 share in Kazakhstan, and we feel very good about the market. I don't know that I have a clear view on maybe the pandemic effect yet because I think that's still working its way through. And -- but we're watching that very closely.

Yes. I mean, as I mentioned, we've got a lot of innovation coming on diapers this year with both in North America and Snug & Dry. Our premium products are fantastic. China, we're launching -- we already -- we feel like we already have the best diaper in the marketplace, and we're launching a significant upgrade to that this month that the team is very excited about. We've got a significant innovation coming in Latin America -- well, especially Brazil on diapers. So that's diapers, I'll come back to it. 
Femcare, we have pad improvements and great marketing plans around the world and also in our adult care business. So we have a lot of good innovation that I mentioned earlier. I think the -- in terms of the phasing, in general, especially in personal care, it is going as per plan with a couple of exceptions, which is in Latin America because, what Maria mentioned, we've delayed -- we don't have the ability to get engineers internationally into locations to install new equipment. And so some of the innovation that we had slated for launching -- that we're going to launch in Brazil, we were also launching in other markets. We're delaying that just for executional reasons until we have access to the mills. 
And we don't -- because we're prioritizing safety of our employees, we don't want people who are not traditionally going into the mill going into the mill and creating a different -- a germ environment, right? So it's not just for travel restrictions, but it's for safety restrictions also. And so we're consciously making some of those trade-offs. And so yes, net-net, we will delay some innovations, but it's more for executional reasons.

Thank you all for joining our call. We're really encouraged by our solid start to the year and our ability to manage through these challenging conditions. And while they're challenging, we're obviously realistic about our near-term challenge, but we remain very optimistic in our long-term potential. So thank you for joining us today.