Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to your questions, I'd like to offer some perspective on our results and outlook. In 2021, we continue to execute our strategy to elevate our categories and expand our markets. While our overall financial results were disappointing, we took decisive action to offset the impact of higher costs with significant pricing actions. These actions, which began in the first half, helped us deliver organic sales growth and improve net selling prices in the second half of the year, including strong fourth quarter performance.
We continue to make significant progress accelerating organic growth in personal care. Through the year, our team launched strong innovation and support it with superior local market execution, all of which contributed to strong share gains in numerous key markets.
We also strengthened market positions in several important growth markets, like integrating Softex in Indonesia, commissioning a state-of-the-art production facility in Nigeria and advancing our route to market in India. While we're encouraged with our top line performance and the way our teams executed in a very dynamic environment, our margins and earnings were negatively impacted by a challenging operating environment. Input costs escalated well beyond previous levels, and supply chain disruptions limited our ability to fully meet the growing consumer demand for our products. In 2022, we intend to accelerate organic growth further. We have strong brands and healthy categories. We'll continue to support our brands with breakthrough innovation, agile digital and superior local market execution.
We also expect performance in our tissue businesses to improve as we cycle the volatility and demand we've experienced over the past 2 years. We are committed to recovering and eventually expanding our margins, and we expect to make progress this year. We've taken significant pricing actions and expect pricing to offset a majority of the impact of cost inflation.
We're confident in our ability to restore our margins to pre-pandemic levels over time. We remain confident in the potential of our brands and categories and in our ability to create meaningful shareholder value while we work to achieve our purpose of Better Care for a Better World.
Now we'd be happy to take your questions.

Yes. I think that's a good push, Chris, and I think that's right, which is, overall, we feel good about the momentum of our business overall. Personal care, for sure, strong performance, and we're expecting that performance to continue. We've got great innovation coming in, great brand support throughout the year on both our consumer tissue and our personal care businesses. And so I think we feel good about the commercial programming.
That said, there is significant pricing in the plan. And so there will be an elasticity impact, which we have estimated. So we have volume down a little bit, offsetting some of the organic growth that's being driven by the commercial programming.
And so the reality is, thus far, I would say the categories -- our categories are essential. And I think the demand that we saw in the fourth quarter kind of highlights the essential nature of our categories. And despite the price increases, we are seeing good volume performance. And so I'd love to see that our elasticity assumptions are a little conservative. And potentially, there could be a little upside.
Generally, in our categories, if the other -- if the market moves in a direction, generally, elasticities are a little lower.

Yes. So Chris, maybe I'll just tack on. I mean, historically, what we see is a quick reversion in our commodities. Like typically, in 2018, right, the big driver of our increase was pulp. And so that quickly receded in 2019 and 2020, to some extent. And so that's typically we'll see in our categories. We will see reversion. It always happens in our categories, and so I expect -- fully expect over time pulp to come down and the resin-based, whether it's superabsorbents or nonwovens, to come back down. But this cycle is a little different because the peak is higher. It's broader, and it's longer. And so regardless of what's happening with the cycle, we are going to restore our margins with both price and cost initiatives. And we expect our teams to cover the majority of inflation with pricing. So that's part one.
If we get a little more reversion, we're not expecting reversion this year. And if we do, then our recovery will be a little bit faster. That said, there will be reversion at some point. But given the call, and I think what's maybe a little confusing to maybe some of the analysts and investors, as Maria mentioned, it's a broader set of inflationary impacts than we typically talk about, which is typically -- and energy is a big one. And labor and freight are big ones that we typically haven't talked about in the past, but are big ones for this year.

Yes. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, a couple of things. One, we've executed multiple rounds of pricing and I would say globally. And generally, our pricing is on track. We announced -- I'll just give you an example in North America. I think we announced in March, in August and November, and then I think we may have had another announcement in December as well, so there's been multiple rounds. I will tell you -- and that's happened globally, in most markets around the world for us. I will tell you, in most markets, the trade discussions have generally been very constructive. I think our customers are seeing the same things happen. Especially, as you mentioned, in some of these other areas, they are more affected by freight and distribution and some of those things than we are since it's a bigger component of their P&Ls.
So I would say the discussions have generally been constructive. We've seen some movement in other brands and some movement in private labels. There is a little stickiness in some markets, like in Western Europe and Latin America, for us. But as I mentioned to Chris, the consumer demand reflects the essential nature of our categories. And so we expect to make progress on pricing. We expect to make progress on recovering our margins. And as a principle, I would say we're expecting our teams to be able to price to offset the majority of the inflation.

Well, yes, great question, Steve. Let me hit -- there's really 3 strategic imperatives for us as a management team. I mean, #1 is we got to accelerate organic growth. And you can see all the work we've been doing the last several years doing that, and I think we're making progress. And we expect our tissue businesses to improve now that we cycled a lot of the COVID demand volatility. So that's part one.
Part two, we've got to enhance margins. And so I'll come back to that in a second. And part three is I want to reduce our earnings volatility. Obviously, with this volatile environment, I'm not going to talk much about that. But just -- you should know that we've got smart people working on that because I recognize that's a strategic issue for the company, and we do want to reduce our earnings volatility over time.
On the margins, my goal is to enhance margins over time, over the long term. And that's kind of the basis of our elevate and expand strategies. The reasons why we want to elevate our categories and expand our markets is to do that. That's a core component of it.
I will say given the fact that we've taken on last year, I think, 2x our previous all-time high in inflation, obviously, our margin has taken a substantial hit. And we're very focused on the near term on margin recovery.
I don't think we're going to give you specific timing, but here's what I will say is that I'm targeting for us to deliver in the upper end of our range, and I expect our teams to perform that way. And if our assumptions coming into the year hold, then we will have, by year-end, delivered a substantial improvement in our gross margin performance over the course of the year. And that's how I'm thinking about it. And then if we get a little reversion in the commodities, then that will accelerate that further.

So just -- I think -- so just so that the point on that is -- the one point I would make is the COVID environment while I would say the demand environment has kind of stabilized, particularly in our tissue businesses, both KCP and consumer tissue, as Maria talks about, the supply environment is probably more volatile now than we've seen throughout the whole COVID period, right? Because it's affecting absenteeism, whether it's in the distribution centers of the plants or our suppliers and missed deployments on pickup. So it's a very volatile environment. I think you're seeing that more broadly as you kind of look at other industries.

Yes. Tough question because the trick of the elasticity modeling is we're beyond the range of estimation. So that's the difficult part of it, Steve. And so you're kind of estimating what's happened historically, and the price points are higher than they've been.
That said, our past experience is, in our last round of pricing, elasticities have come back. The market generally moved in a direction, and elasticities were a little less than we initially estimated, and that's been our kind of recent history. And so that's what were going on.
I think the important thing is we've got a very strong growth playbook. It's working hard. We've gotten very good commercial programming across both our professional and consumer businesses, and so there's really good underlying brand momentum. And so we expect that to continue, and we recognize that we are putting significant pricing out there. And -- but I think as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing the impact of the essential nature of our categories.

No, just important -- they are important investments. The SAP, obviously, that investment is going to fuel our cost savings for the future, too. And so we feel very good about those, and we're going to continue to be very disciplined about our spending. But we feel like we're making the right investments for the long-term health of the brands and also for the organizational health.

Yes. Just on the pricing, Andrea, I would expect over the course of the year mid- to high single-digit increases on pricing, and that could vary a little bit based on conditions. But again, that's kind of what we are marching against. And thus far, as I mentioned earlier, we've executed multiple actions, and they're generally on track. And so we feel good about that progress. And obviously, we're keeping a close eye on that.
In terms of private label, I think -- and maybe I'll talk to North America differently. I'd still say private label is still down in most categories. I think it was up a little bit in bath tissue but down in most of the other categories. It's something we're going to continue to be very focused on, but we're very pleased with our brand momentum. And I think although we're making progress in organic in North America, some of that's still muted because we're still working through supply challenges. As you recall, we had significant challenges in the first half because of the storm down here in Texas. We recovered very well from that and so really saw our service levels improve throughout the course of the year.
But I'd say even in the fourth quarter, we -- as Maria mentioned, we under-shipped demand because we're having difficulty getting carriers or getting supplies and all the other things that are associated with what's happening with omicron and COVID.
And so again, we're keeping a sharp eye on private label, but we're really focused on driving our business, and we feel good about the progress we're making.

Yes, in general. Again, yes, we -- again, as I mentioned, we've made multiple rounds. And if you could go back and look at our kind of maybe what's happened in pricing in North America already, pretty significant moves.

Dara, yes, just as a policy, though, I'll just clarify. I'll talk about the pricing we've implemented. I will not talk about any future pricing actions. Although I'll say, I take as an approach, I do expect pricing to offset a significant portion of inflation. So that's just kind of a principle that I'll kind of put out there.
But I'll talk about what's already occurred, and I'll focus on North America as a starting point. We announced mid- to high single-digit increases in March, largely in our personal care business in North America, but -- and about 60% of our consumer business last March.
We took some further action, primarily in tissue on count back in August, and that was effective this quarter. And then we took additional actions that were announced in Q4, generally about a mid-single-digit list increase across most of North America consumer. So that kind of should give you a sense of kind of what's been happening in the marketplace, at least in North America.
I would say in international market, similar: multiple rounds in Europe; multiple rounds, in some cases, monthly, in Latin America, unfortunately; and of course, in Asia as well. So it's pretty extensive.

Well, yes. I think that's the case. And we're expecting the pricing that we have in the flow-through substantively.

Dara, the other thing I'll add is the fundamentals would suggest in our core commodities, there's going to be reversion. But I do not want our teams waiting for commodities to come down to drive margin recovery. And so our plan is to work to recover margins. And then if the commodities -- when they do revert, then that will affect -- that will change the timing and hopefully move it up.

Well, again, I think the key -- here's a couple of things. And I think you're right, Jason. I think we're expecting improved performance and growth in both consumer tissue business and professional business. I think on professional, though, I would not expect a snapback, right? Because I think what has done is stabilized at a lower level. We're running below, about 85% -- our WATCHMAN business is running at about 85% of what they had done pre-pandemic. And that's because -- I don't know if you're in your office, but we haven't seen a full-scale return to offices, and I don't expect that in the near term. We haven't seen a full-scale return to travel, especially business travel, and I don't think that we're expecting that in the near term. And so I think we are dealing with a professional business that's going to grow, and we're pretty excited about the growth plans that we have this year, the innovation and the commercial trends we have in the business this year. But it's not going to revert to pre-pandemic levels this year, at least. And so that's part one.
Consumer tissue, same thing. And I think there's been a lot of volatility in the last couple of years driven by consumer stock-up and then destocking and so forth. When it all shakes out, it's a very stable business, probably one of the most stable businesses in consumer. And in the last couple of years, a 2-year stack of our fourth quarter would be plus 3%, right? And so we're expecting solid growth in consumer tissue. And then our personal care business globally is doing very, very well, as you can see in the fourth quarter, being up double digits. And we're expecting continued growth there. The offset really from us is we're pushing prices at a pretty high level, and so that's going to have an effect. And we hope that our elasticity assumptions prove out to be a little conservative.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Peter. Yes, great performance in developing and emerging markets. Overall in the quarter, I think it was in our statement, but organic up 10% in the quarter and 8% for the full year. And that was composed of really a healthy balance of price, volume and mix importantly. And so -- and then we saw solid growth in all regions: high single-digit gains in Asia and Latin America; and double-digit growth in EMEA; and then really strong double-digit growth in China, India, Russia, Eastern Europe and Africa, which are kind of the important future growth markets for us. So we're really excited to see that.
And I think what's driving it is, I've mentioned kind of in my prepared remarks, really, really great innovation. We're doing a really good job. Our teams around the world doing a great job, scaling, really, what I would call breakthrough innovation across markets. We were up multiple share points in Korea in the fourth quarter. That is a version of the Chinese diaper technology that we've put out there, which is related to the diaper technology that we have in North America, which is the same technology that we put out in Australia, which was also up multiple share points. And so I think really, really good consumer-inspired innovation and then superior local market execution around digital, marketing and sales execution. So it's kind of all the things, and they're all working very hard for us. One of our business leaders calls it all oars in the water, meaning we used to be over-reliant on one thing to drive the business. We're really -- part of our commercial capabilities that we're developing is we want everything out there working and working in the same direction. And when we do that, we tend to see the results that we think we're seeing now.

Yes. Okay. Yes. Great questions, Nik. Yes. I think the flavor maybe you could have gotten from Maria's commentary earlier, I mean, we're continuing to invest in the foundational things that are going to make this business healthy for now and the long term. And we recognize we're working through some choppy waters, but we're committed to growing this business for the long term in the right way. And so, yes, so we had not -- we're not pulling back on our innovation investment and our insight and our technology investments. And we're excited about it. And I think the reason you're seeing the results that we're realizing around the world is because we're just doing a better job of scaling big ideas and big innovations that are really grounded in great technologies. And so we're continuing to do that. Maria mentioned the visibility of our pipeline on cost savings is probably better than it's ever been. Well, the visibility of our pipeline of our technology innovations is better than it's ever been, too. And that's one of the things as we -- coming into this role, we wanted the organization to work longer term. And we're here for today, and we're also here for tomorrow and to be able to balance that. And so we're really pleased with that progress. And so -- which is why I would say we're confident that we're going to continue to be able to invest and grow in our businesses, both in personal care, professional and consumer tissue. So that's one.
I think with regard to retail media, yes, it is becoming a bigger topic. I will say I feel very good about our digital capability. And we're very disciplined. And we have so much data around -- as Maria mentioned earlier, digital ROI. I mean, we know exactly what it is. We've made significant progress on ROIs over the course of the last 3 or 4 years, and we know what the investments are worth. And so we're very capable -- have the right sort of data, as you might expect, to be able to work with our retailers and make the right investments. And frankly, some of those investments are really, really good for us, and we're really excited to do that with them. And others, we're going to need to see a little more improvement. But overall, I think it's an operational issue and capability that our organization is really well equipped to deal with.

Okay. Thank you. In closing, I'd like to really reinforce a few key points to my opening remarks. 3 years ago, we launched our strategy to deliver balanced and sustainable growth, and that plan is anchored on our strategy to accelerate top line growth by elevating our categories and expanding our markets. Now to do this, we have invested in our brands and capabilities and our people. This growth is fueled by improvements to our cost base, delivering strong annual productivity through our FORCE and Global Restructuring Programs.
It's pretty clear we're executing our strategy in a very dynamic environment, and our teams have faced challenges well beyond what we or anyone else had anticipated. But that's our reality, and we expect the volatility in the environment to persist this year. We're committed to our strategy, and we're executing well, evidenced by our growth in personal care, strength in market share performance and the actions we've taken in a very volatile environment. We're excited about the potential of our brands and categories and our ability to develop innovative products that will enhance our portfolio and the value we provide our consumers. We're also committed to restoring our margins and expect to make progress this year. This commodity cycle is clearly different from past cycles, and the time to recover will be elongated due to continued inflation. We're confident in the actions we're taking and in our ability to create meaningful shareholder value over time. I'm especially grateful for the dedication of our talented teams, and we will continue to do all we can to ensure a safe and rewarding work environment in the year ahead.
Thank you all for joining our call today.