Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to be the first to congratulate Mike Hsu on his upcoming move to become Chief Executive Officer of Kimberly-Clark. So congratulations, Mike. The Board of Directors and I have been working on this succession plan for several years, and it was my recommendation that Mike is the right choice and now is the right time. So this is a carefully planned and natural transition, and I'm confident Mike is the right leader to build on Kimberly-Clark's nearly 150-year legacy of caring for the needs of people around the world while delivering top-tier performance. He's passionate about our people, our brands and our businesses, and he has a deep understanding of what it takes to win in the marketplace. 
Now let me hand the call over to Mike.

Yes. Maria, maybe I'll comment on the first part. I think, overall -- well, I think, globally, I would say our pricing overall is on track and that we're cautiously optimistic about the progress we're making, and that we will make the progress.

Go ahead, Olivia.

And Ali, I would just add that margins were up sequentially in that business by 30 basis points and so that's in line with what we were expecting, given that the pricing, as Mike has said a couple of times, hasn't come in to the market yet.

Steve, maybe I'll start since I haven't answered a question for a while and you'll have to listen to the sound of my voice a little while longer. But I guess I would say, I'll let Mike build on this, is that I don't think it was ever quite as bad as investors thought it was. And I think every retailer that I've called on, and I know Mike would probably echo this, they want to hear from you how you're going to help them grow their category and how you're going to help them execute their strategies. And so as long as you're bringing value to that conversation and bringing innovation and putting it behind brands that are important to consumers that shop on their stores, you're going to have a pretty constructive conversation where you have challenges with retailers is if your innovation isn't working, your service is lousy or those kind of things, those are the most difficult discussions. And thankfully, we usually stack up pretty well on that front. I think most of the retailers, they read the business newspapers and know what's happening to commodity costs and know what's happening to exchange rates, and so they aren't shocked when you come in with a pricing conversation. I think the -- where you really start to get their attention though is when you pivot to talking about innovation and what you're going to do to make the category bigger and how you're going to close the execution with a customer in their store. But Mike, maybe you can build on that.

Okay. Wendy, I'll start on the et cetera, et cetera part and then let Mike build. But I guess I would come -- maybe coming back to the tax rate discussion, I mean, some of that is a discrete activity, putting the extra $100 million in the pension plan, which we get to deduct at last year's tax rates, created a tax benefit that was a onetime deal, really, as part of the whole new tax bill and figuring out what options you have under that to create shareholder value was sort of a separate discussion. As you look at the investment behind the business, I mean, we're more or less investing on plan behind the right innovation and the right markets, and I'd say that's showing up in share. I mean, we're -- I think we're up in high 50s of the category country intersections that we track and feel like we're generally investing at about the right levels. We're also generating a significant amount of nonworking media savings as part of the restructuring. A lot of that's been reinvested in advertising and promotional activities. And so I think the team has pivoted to driving price increases in the back half, which we need. And there are times where you may be focused on that and missed some other opportunities, but I still think that's the right thing to be focused on. But I'll let Mike build on that.

And maybe, I don't know if this will make you feel any better, Wendy, we're not going to -- I don't think we're disclosing this. But in the quarter, our advertising spend was above the full year average by a small amount, so we're spending at the right levels even in this quarter.

And then, Steve, maybe I'd just add that we just want to be present with the right offer and the right product mix wherever mom wants to shop, and so we're doing a lot with e-comm. We're also doing a ton with a lot of our brick-and-mortar retailers who are doing Click & Collect. And we're -- that's not really captured in any of our data, but every retailer we serve is working on that. And so we really want to make sure we've got the right product, the right offer wherever mom is looking to do her shopping, and that's really our overall strategy.

Yes. Maybe, Steve, I'll just chime in on that one. I'd say 2 things: one is physical store environment. You get to interact with the product and so you can see the packaging. You may not be able to necessarily touch and feel the product, but you know what you're getting. Whereas online, you know what you're getting if you're buying a brand, but you may not know what you're going to get on private label. So it is a little bit of a hurdle on that front. And then, secondly, I mean, a large supercenter may have 50,000 to 100,000 items in distribution. An e-tailer may have a couple million items on their distribution. So just the complexity of managing private label across a number of different categories is not trivial, and that could be another factor.

Yes. I'll start. So is it intentional? Absolutely. So typically, we would like all of our innovation to be mix accretive. And to your further point about pricing challenges, often, if you can't get price easily, you try to get mix. And so the teams will try to upsell the better value-performing item, and so our sales teams are absolutely motivated by that. Now sometimes you can see mix drag as the business grows in some of the larger format packs, which can be a countervailing force on that. But by and large, we would hope that, day in and day out, we're doing some things that will give us some improvement on mix and offset some of the headwinds that we face from growth in other channels.

All right. We appreciate everyone's questions this morning. We'll conclude the call, and we look forward to speaking with you in January. Everybody, have a good day.