All right. Thank you, Brian. Good morning, everyone. Our teams around the world continue to execute strongly in what remains a dynamic and challenging environment. I'm pleased with our continued organic sales growth momentum with 5% growth in the third quarter, reflecting broad gains in all of our segments. Our third quarter results also reflect ongoing volatility in the operating environment, which continue to pressure operating margin and earnings. Throughout the year, we've taken decisive action to offset persistent inflation with pricing and cost savings. We're making progress as those initiatives enabled sequential expansion of gross and operating margins in the quarter. As we near the close of 2022, we're maintaining our sales and earnings outlook for the year. We continue to manage our business with discipline and remain confident we'll restore our margins over time. We're executing our growth strategy to elevate our categories and expand our markets by putting the consumers front and center. We'll continue to invest in innovation and our commercial programs to continually sharpen the value proposition of our brands. We're committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth over the long term as we work to fulfill our purpose of Better Care for a Better World. 
With that, we're ready to address your questions.

Yes. I'll start maybe and Nelson will give you his perspective. But overall, I'd say it's stabilizing, but at the high level, and we're still experiencing some volatility. So I don't know if Nelson, you want to give a little more texture.

Lauren, you may have gotten more than your bargain for on that question.

Okay. Yes, Kevin, you have to guide me a little bit. I've got a lot of thoughts here. So I'll give you a few things. I mean, one, I do want to emphasize, I feel very good about our strong execution of our strategy in what remains a very challenging and dynamic environment. The continued organic momentum I feel very good about. Obviously, we were a little soft on North American Personal Care, which I can come back to you, but that was -- I think consumption was fine. It was more around some inventory changes cycling some supply constraints that we had last year. But overall, I think we had excellent execution of our pricing initiatives globally and great brand support through our commercial programs. I think it was in the prepared remarks, but high single digit across all developed markets, high single to double-digit growth across all key D&E markets. And then North America, as you saw, was down too because of some of the supply changes. 
On top of that, I'd say we feel very good about our share performance. We're up or even in about half of our categories, a little bit more than that in personal care. And we were very fast on pricing. We've been very decisive on pricing all year. And so we knew we're going to give up a little share in the near term. And it does look like our share performance is improving in the latest quarter. And so we like where the trends are going and feel good about that. And then lastly, I'd say, on the overall environment, we're navigating some shipment volatility, particularly in North America because of the Texas storm and everything that happened last year. So that's kind of the overall on us. And then with regard to the consumer, I would say, overall, I feel like the consumer remains resilient, but we are increasingly seeing some bifurcation in demand. And I don't know if I like that word, but it's -- I'm just trying to describe that we're seeing 2 different patterns emerge. 
And it's mostly along, as you would expect, having socioeconomic lines. I mean, certainly -- hence we do the research in a developed market like in North America, there's a broad swath of consumers that their savings are still higher than they were 3 years ago. They're employed. And while they may be curtailing some big ticket purchases in our categories, which are essentials, we're not seeing a discernible change in behavior there. However, there's about 40% of the population in the U.S. that is more living paycheck to paycheck. I grew up in one of those households and I know what it's like. And so we are seeing some changes in the consumption patterns, whether that is buying lower count packs or trading down a bit. 
But I would say the important thing for us is to recognize that we're trying to serve our consumers and meet them where they need us, and that's both sets of consumers. And so our premium business continues to grow and do well. And then we've got a -- we've got a make sure that we're addressing the right value -- having the right value proposition for the value -- more value oriented consumers. So there is some, I would say, bifurcation. We saw that happen about 3 years ago in a lot of markets in D&E, but we are seeing a little bit more of that in developed markets. I'll pause there. Kevin, anything to add?

Yes. Let me start and maybe Nelson can talk -- give you some more of the texture. But I'll start with -- let me unpack the volume performance, particularly, I think it's probably -- everyone's probably got a question about North American Personal Care. And I'll say our North America team is doing a great job navigating what I would call excess volatility in demand. And really I think we put this in the remarks, consumption remains stable. And so just for reference, Chris, in the third quarter, our all-outlet consumption, which I don't think you see, we were up 4 in diapers on consumption, 9 in adult care and 16 in fem care.
And the real fact is, and I mentioned before, the storm that occurred in Texas last January, February, shut us down for a few weeks in early Q1 and created a lot of volatility in shipments. I'll give you a sense of the volatility. If I go back to the fourth quarter of 2020 and then give you other quarters, just in diapers, our consumption in December of 2020 was -- or the fourth quarter was plus 6. Then we were minus 7 in the first quarter, plus 7, plus 8, plus 18, plus 14 and then plus 6 last quarter. So you could see there's been a lot of movement. And I would say, it took us a while to recover from our supply constraints. 
You would think that being down for a couple of weeks, there was more of the roll through it because we had material supply issues as well. And so we were on allocation for most of last year. And so what happened in this quarter is you can see our consumption was stable, but we were cycling, I would say, elevated shipments in the year ago period as retailers were rebuilding their inventories following -- being on allocation. 
So overall, I feel very good about our offering across personal care, as you can see by the consumption numbers. I do expect some ongoing volatility in demand as we continue to work through various supply challenges and cycle some of the things that happened last year. And then in terms of the volume deleverage, yes, certainly, yes, we're -- fixed costs are a big component of our P&L. So we're close to that. Again, I would say I'm not expecting in Personal Care North American ongoing volume issue. This is, I would say, more of a one-timer. And then globally, we feel very good about our volume performance and our elasticities have held up to the model in general. D&E, our volumes were down high single digit. We think most of that was concentrated understandably in Eastern Europe, given the conditions that are happening there. And so overall, I think we're feeling good about our volume performance. But Nelson, you want to give us some more texture.

Yes. Chris, again, I feel very good about our commercial execution around the world. I mean we had strong innovation this year. I feel great about our lineup for next year even though we're not talking about next year yet. But -- and I think we feel very good about our advertising. Our digital investments are working very hard for us. And then our sales execution has been very, very strong around the world. And so overall, I think our commercial programs overall are working as intended. We're going to keep a close eye on the promotional environment, though. I'll comment in terms of North America, I would say the environment at this point remains fairly typical, and that's kind of -- it's rebounded from being I would say, more suppressed during the peak years of COVID and is now, I would say, normalized in terms of promotional frequency, may be still a little lower on depth. 
And frankly, we're not going to drive our business by driving depth. It doesn't fit with our high road approach to building the brand. And so -- but we're prepared. And one thing I'll add, though, too, is I think we're being prudent in developing the right kind of action plans in the case of a more recessional environment. And so as I mentioned, we're going to -- our strategy is to elevate and premiumize our categories over time. That is exactly the right long-term strategy. And I think that's going to be our strategy for a long time to come. That said, we recognize the environment we're operating in, and we've been very good at running, I would say, more value plays when necessary. But our goal is to make those productive and profitable as well while addressing the needs that the consumers have.

Thanks, Chris. Thanks.

Yes, Steve, maybe my comfort level is probably not comfortable addressing what '23 looks like yet. And I hate to do that. But I think the underlying is because of what we're seeing right now in the marketplace, which is, one, the volatility in the marketplace, which we experienced in Q3 and it's going to continue; and then the other part is we're still rolling out our plans. And so I really feel would love to comment, but I don't feel like in a place where it would be reasonable for us to comment at this point. I don't Nelson, if you have a different...

Yes. The thing I'll add, Steve, though, is we are continuing to manage our business with discipline, and we remain confident we'll restore our margins over time. I mean as Nelson pointed out, we've taken on over the last 2 years, $3 billion of inflation, that's 1,500 basis points of gross margin, which is a lot. And we've taken decisive action. And the good news is, and we -- for the third quarter, our pricing fully offset inflation plus FX in the quarter. And so we do continue to expect sequential improvement. Commodities also -- as people who have been following us for a long time, commodities will eventually revert. We're not counting on that for our margin recovery. But when that does happen, that will likely accelerate our recovery. So we're taking a thoughtful holistic approach to mitigating inflation and running our business. And hopefully, you all appreciate that.

The thing I'll emphasize is, yes, it is a net number. And so our gross productivity has continued to climb. I think our teams are doing really a fantastic job driving the productivity. The issue we have is the inflation isn't just in our inputs. It happens in all places of the P&L. And so some of it, unfortunately, gets nets out. So I could [ complain ] my teams around their overall net productivity, but that's kind of like complaining about like trucking lane rates or -- I mean, we don't like them, but some of that is not in their fully under control. And so we have to navigate that. That's why we have to drive our gross savings higher.

Okay. All right. That's great list of questions. And so let me -- we will try to tackle them between Nelson and I will tag team here. First of all, on the -- I think on the pricing versus peers, I think probably what you're seeing is the fact that we were out fastest generally in pricing in most markets. And so if you're seeing a lag there because we've already started cycling our pricing a year ago. I mean the reality is, I think, in general, we've priced, I would say, very early, we moved very quickly on pricing last year. And I would say we also moved at higher levels than a lot of our competitors. And so -- and the reference for that is -- I think we've had a price gap, meaning we've been ahead on price on Huggies all year until I would say recently, maybe in the last couple of weeks or so. So overall, I think our pricing is in line with where we set it. And I think the good news, Andrea, is that in general, in most markets, we are seeing the market -- rest of market pricing kind of move generally in the direction that we've moved. 
That's not the case in all areas and -- but generally, that's kind of my overall take. In terms of elasticity, I'd say in the first half, I think the volume performance really outdrove the elasticity models. And I think that's where I think the consumers are feeling confident. You remember all the unemployment reports and stimulus and all those other things that we're driving consumer confidence. I have seen a change in that in some markets. And so at this point, the elasticities that we're seeing are more "normalized" or what we originally modeled. And so we are seeing a bit more volume come out in relation to all the pricing. That's notable. And I would -- from my earlier comments on maybe the bifurcation, it's coming out a little bit more on more of the value-oriented tiers, let's say, Snug & Dry diapers for us, which is our value tier diaper in the U.S. or Scott 1000. So those are some things that we're going to pay closer attention to and make sure that we're managing the business in the appropriate way to serve our consumers where they need us. So again, that's the overall take. I don't know if -- I know there's a couple of other questions. I think Nelson will address some. But did that answer kind of the first part?

Yes. Let me make a couple of comments, not exactly your question, but I did want to address a couple of things related to the [ result tissue ] agreement. Overall, Andrea, hopefully, you'll recognize it's consistent with our overall approach that we've been talking about on portfolio management. I really believe we have a long runway of growth ahead of us in our categories and our markets. And we're going to pursue on the plus side, markets and adjacencies that are going to be accretive to our growth in margin. And I've always said for a few years now that we'll consider exits in businesses that are not accretive to our growth and/or margin profile that we expect. So this transaction specifically enables us to focus on our faster-growing, higher-margin Personal Care business in Brazil and creates a better future for both the Neve brand and the tissue business -- the Brazilian tissue business. The Neve business in combination with Suzano is really going to be better positioned to adapt to the unique dynamics of the local market. And we fully expect our partnership -- strong partnership with Suzano to continue well. I'll defer to Nelson. I don't think we're ready to comment on any specifics related to the transaction and...

Yes, I would say -- and it's less differences by category. I would say, in general, where we're driving premiumization is generally working across markets. And so not specific there. I think it is more typically by sub-brand or sub line or what we might call internally our tiers, right? Like the value tiers tend to be a little bit more price sensitive in this environment because, as I was mentioning earlier, there are a significant number of households, let's say, in the U.S. that are -- have less to spend now given all the inflation that's occurred over the last couple of years or so. 
So I think it's more on a sub-brand basis or a tier basis in our vernacular -- and that's where I say, working to continue to drive our premiumization strategy or creating more value through our premium products. We feel great about our innovation lineup this year. As I mentioned, we've got a lot of more coming next year with great features that I think consumers are really going to like. That said, we're also making the right adjustments as we said earlier, that to prepare for a recessionary footing if needed. And that means that emphasizing the great value that our brands offer. And in some cases, we will make some adjustments, whether that's related to pack count or sizing or something along those lines to make sure that consumers have the right pack and affordability that they need.

Well, Huggies. Again, I think we feel great about our diaper line up -- our adult care lineup in North America. But if you go around diapers, China, we continue to have mid- to high single-digit growth, double-digit growth in feminine care. And so we feel good about that. [indiscernible] where consumers are very value-oriented because of what's happening in the economy last few years and our organic performance was up strong double digits in the quarter. So overall, across our markets, we saw strong organic growth, and that's because we feel that we've continued to improve the products. At the same time, we are recognizing that we are taking price to offset the commodity headwinds.

Yes. Javier, welcome to our coverage, and we appreciate it. And this is something I've talked about over the years. We have a very productive and collaborative relationship with our retail partners. And I've been doing this for 30 years and been through many cycles. And so we approach it and notably, let's say, in the U.S. I think the big change that occurred for us at over the last 10 years is we recognized we had to clean up our own house. We've been very focused on growing the categories and working with our retail partners to grow the categories the right way and [ it's ] reflected. I mean we're really proud to note that in the advantage survey for the first time, we were rated #1 as a customer organization and #1 across most disciplines because I think our customers' view that we've been working with them in a partner-like fashion. 
Funnier side, I will say, in the first quarter of last year, I think our service levels in diapers was below -- far below 50%, and somehow in other of these publications rated us #1 on logistics last year. And so I think that does reflect kind of the way we work with them. And so when you take that, I would say, we generally approach business planning with our customers on a growth basis for both their sales growth and their profit growth, and we pay attention to their margins as much as we pay attention to ours. And so for us, we're working for win-wins. And so I wouldn't say regarding, let's say, for your question, whether it's diapers or private label, anything different that we're seeing in terms of the profit play of them trying to change distribution or emphasize different lines. 
But we are very cognizant that we're trying to deliver an overall category growth plan and own our part of that. And because of that, that's kind of how we manage the plan. And so -- and then with regard to price sensitivity, yes, I mean there's been a lot of price coming at it. We have a fair number of customers that skew more toward value shoppers and that's their role to -- in their minds, serve the shopper as well, and so we understand that. And so we're willing to work with them. But we recognize also there has been a lot of price in the marketplace at a necessity. And so the important thing is we feel like we have to recover they recognize that they need to deliver margins and growth the same way that we do. And so we're going to continually work for ways to find the win-win and grow the categories the right way.

Yes. Huggies, I wouldn't say -- again, I would -- correct, we've priced, as I said, our goal is to restore margins and eventually expand margins over time. So we've priced accordingly with the right discipline and we're very cognizant of our product offering and our lineup and our commercial programming. And one of the reasons we've priced is that -- and I think we've talked about this with our customers is we feel like it's our role to help grow the category and drive category growth, and that requires marketing. I've worked in other categories that when they pulled back the categories commoditized, and that's not a good place for brands. And so we've been very disciplined about that. So what I did say is that we felt like we had a price gap or we advanced pricing further and faster than some of our other competitors earlier this year, and last year as well. 
And so there was a bit of a gap. That gap is now -- I think that's basically closed over the last few weeks. And so -- so we would probably see -- anticipate slightly better performance on Huggies. And again, we feel very good about our innovation lineup, the value we're offering to consumers. We are going to pay a little more attention to Snug & Dry, which, Javier, is our value tier in the U.S. And so make sure that, that has the right accounts and the right price points on shelf that can compete effectively.

Yes. So a couple of things in there. I mean -- and I would say, well, if you go into Nielsen and longer, but I used to be the highest user of Nielsen throughout my career. So there are so many variables that are related to promotional -- measuring promotion. And so -- so what I said earlier, Jonathan, was frequency kind of returned to normal in tissue probably in 2020, the third quarter were -- but maybe by the end of last year. And then in Personal Care, I would say, at the beginning of this year, and that's in terms of frequency. The volume -- and I would say the other key measure is depth. And I would say depth is shallower both in personal care and tissue than it historically had been and remains so. And I think that's an artifact of all the inflation that all the companies are seeing. And then if you look at the percent of volumes sold on promotion, it's a little bit lower, right, slightly lower, which is, I think, corresponds to what you were looking at. So overall, that's why I say I put promotion "normalized" but it's probably still a little bit lower than historical at this point. So that was, I think, part one. And then any follow-up to that, Jonathan?

No, no. I'm proud. I feel like I invented half of these measures. So -- but...

The other side that you asked about was inventories. I mean there's a couple of points. Certainly, I mentioned earlier, we are cycling some retailer inventory build back. And at the same time, and I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks, there was some retail inventory reductions late in the quarter. And so that was a topic that came up at the last investment conference that I was at. And so that remains out there. And I would say that it's typically the case. Every other year or maybe every year retail inventory changes, and that's part of what we get paid to manage on. In terms of the household inventories, we think they've reverted back to normal. 
There was -- and really where it was really relevant was on consumer tissue, there was quite the buildup, I would say, self critically, I don't know that we were very good at predicting how the household inventories were going to evolve. But I think over the past years, and there was a lot of volatility in the tissue demand. I think in the second quarter of 2020, I think our tissue demand was up -- back tissue was up 30%. And then a year later, it was down 27%. So again, that tissue historically is very stable and goes with -- certainly, volume growth goes with highly correlated to population growth. At this point, we feel like it has reverted back to normalized levels. But it might be fair to say that there's a lot of people carrying more that tissue than they were 3 years ago.

Lauren, such an awesome question.

This is the age-old problem of management in the consumer business. And that's why it goes back to what we've been saying for years now. We remain committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth for our shareholders. And so -- and it's been interesting as we've unpacked this for the organization because they're like, what do you mean by balance is sustainable? Well, the key things we're managing against organic growth, profit growth, market share and cash. And so those are the 4 things. And I would say internally, a lot of the organization used to look to this role to decide what we're going to prioritize. But again, when I say balance, I want all 4 of those metrics to go in the right direction. 
I think -- so we're taking what I would say are high road actions to position the company to grow for the long term sustainably. And right now, given the, I would say, the supply shocks or the input cost shocks that we've taken on in the last 3 years, as I mentioned before, 1,500 -- the equivalent of 1,500 basis points of gross margin, margin improvement right now this year remains my top priority. I'm confident we'll return to pre-pandemic levels, and we're making progress as events in the Q3. But at the same time, we're not going to harvest the business to do that. And so at the same time, we're still watching shares. But we recognize that when we moved to [ size twice ] both in terms of pace and level, we were out ahead of the rest of the market for a period of time. And so we recognized that we were going to leak a little share. But in our sense, I think that was the necessary trade-off to make sure that we can get the margin recovery. That said, at the same time, we continue to invest in innovation. We can do to support our brands with great marketing. I think our marketing has gotten better and our digital executions has gotten better. And so we're really proud of that. And so that's what we're trying to walk the fine line. I mean I'm very encouraged that we're up and even insure in about half of our markets. It's a little bit lower than we experienced in 2020, 2021, where we were up in 2/3. I would say we're really proud of that, but we also recognize our competitors are pretty good, too. And so we can't expect that every year. And so if you get the sense, it's a complex trade, but it's something I feel like our organization has really stepped up to and they know what we're trying to do. And we're doing the margin recovery, but we're paying close attention of shares as well. So that was a long reply. I don't know if I answered anything that you asked.

Okay. Thank you all for joining. We look forward to sharing our fourth quarter and full year results with you in January.