Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. I'm proud of our team's execution as we closed our first half with 9% organic sales growth in the second quarter. We delivered robust gains in all segments, our growth strategy is working, and our teams are executing with excellence in what continues to be a volatile operating environment.  
Clearly, our results reflect this ongoing volatility. For the year, we're now anticipating $300 million of additional input cost inflation. We remain committed to recovering and eventually expanding our margins and thus, we've taken further action to realize additional pricing and cost savings to mitigate these headwinds. We continue to expect pricing and cost savings to fully offset the effects of inflation over time.  
Based on the strength of our top line, we're raising our full year organic sales outlook to increase 5% to 7%. We're maintaining our adjusted EPS guidance. However, based on current conditions, including our updated input cost outlook, we now expect to be in the lower end of that EPS range. We'll continue to manage our business with discipline as we navigate near-term headwinds. Based on the pace and breadth of our pricing actions, we anticipate some volume impact over the balance of the year. Still, we're encouraged by the overall health of our categories and our brands. Our brands remain essential.  
We also know consumers are seeking greater value and we'll continue to sharpen our offering to enhance our market position. We remain committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth. In the near term, we're taking necessary action to recover margins. We're also continuing to invest in our brands to enable us to grow sustainably now and for the long term. Now we'd like to address your questions.

Yes. Thanks, Dara. I'll start and maybe Nelson can provide some additional color. But overall, I think the organic outlook and the increase in the outlook reflects both volume and price. Overall, we feel like our pricing execution is going very well. We are driving the realization. You can see it in the numbers.  
But the second part of it is also the volume is holding up a little bit better than we originally planned. And I think that reflects, one, what we said before, which is resilience in the consumer overall but also the strength of our brands. And we feel really great about the commercial execution that we have around the world. And that includes launches of innovation, improvements in product quality, our digital marketing programs, the execution we're driving at shelf. And so overall, that's still working despite the necessity for us to price our products to recover the costs and the margins.  
So overall, I'd say it's a pretty good balance of both volume and price on the organic outlook. And then on the cost front, yes, we're going to need it. We have taken additional pricing actions and that's globally. And we've taken a few actions since the beginning of the year. Actually, we announced another action in North America just last week. And so we continue to execute.  
And again, overall, philosophically, I've said in the past, Dara, that we expect pricing to generally offset the effects of inflation over time. It gets tougher as the increases come toward the middle or end of the year to kind of catch up to it. But again, we are expecting our teams to be able to offset inflation over the long term. Nelson, do you have something to add?

Yes. Great questions, Dara. A couple of things. And you and I have talked about this in the past. I'd say that retailer behavior is -- I know there's a lot being said out there. I find it to be consistent with what it's been historically over my 30 years of working in this industry. And I think it starts with the fact that I think we've learned over time, our interests are generally aligned. I mean -- and what do I mean by that? 
And one is we're both after the long-term growth of our categories, right? We jointly run these categories together. For them, it's in their store and for us, it is our business overall. But we're after kind of long-term sustainable growth. And that's one big thing. Second big thing we're after is delivering consumers a great value. And that comes in many different ways. In some ways, that comes with solid price points that reflect the value consumers are seeking. In a lot of ways, especially in our categories, it reflects -- it means the right kind of innovation on product quality that delivers to consumers the benefits that they're seeking.  
And so I think with those 2 foundational points, we are sensitive to the pricing. But we also do both -- I'd say, on both sides, I understand that we need to be able to profitably grow over the long term. And so again, we're sensitive to the pressure that's out there. We read the similar news reports. We've had the discussions with our customers, and we have been taking price. But we are doing it, I would say, thoughtfully and planfully. So maybe that's part one.  
And then on the D&E question, yes, I think overall price -- the pricing and volume strength really reflects the consumer resilience and the essential nature of our categories overall. I would say, Dara, that consumers appear to be somewhat more resilient in developed markets. Our performance, high single, low double-digit growth across all of our developed markets, multiple share point growth -- multi-point share growth in most of our developed markets.  
I think we have seen some price lagging in D&E from competitors. And so our shares have softened a bit in D&E. And while we have been driving price, we recognize that we've advanced pricing maybe further and faster than some of the competition. So we're going to have to continue to monitor that situation closely.  
The other thing that we're seeing a little bit more in D&E than we are in developed markets is a bit more trade-down. I wouldn't say significantly more but there is a difference there. And I think I've talked about this in past calls. In Latin America, we have a leading -- the leading value offering and the leading premium offering. And we're really glad we have the breadth of that scope because that allows us to pivot our business appropriately when the consumers are looking for that. So overall, we feel good about where we stand. We are watching price gaps in D&E, a little bit in North America as well and we're sensitive to that.

Yes. Great point, Lauren. And this point, we have discussed this in the past, and I'd say yes, particularly in D&E, you're seeing student bodies shift to the left, right? And we shifted to the right just a few years ago. And I think I talked -- a couple of years ago, we were a highly developed value business and a very small premium business. And this is maybe about 3 or 4 years ago, we were down. And there was a big shift to premiumize. At that point, I think the market was receptive to that.  
So we made a lot of progress, all the things you talk about, the appropriate pack counts, the improvements in product quality, the merchandising and everything else. And so we made a huge shift in terms of our premium mix in a market like Brazil. That said, 2 years ago, when the economy started softening, we started shifting back. And we're glad we did. And that yielded us, last year, the leading position in both value and the leading position in premium. We feel great about that.  
And those are all the tactics that play out for us not just in developing and emerging markets, but we do that in developed markets as well. And you're absolutely right. And we think, again, our broad portfolio of premium through value offering enables us to flex with demand. And as I point out in the near term, we are prioritizing margin recovery and so our pricing has advanced. And so we are watching the price gaps, and we'll make the appropriate adjustments as we go through the year.

I'll just pipe in there, Kevin. I'd say on the guide -- and it's tougher since Nelson's still brand new, he doesn't have a calibration of how we add or at what kind of relative. But I'd probably say for the rest of our outlook, we feel confident that we're in that range. It is at the lower end of the range at this point. We feel that it's more likely to be in the lower end of the range.  
I would say there's 2 probably big puts and takes, though. On the one end, there's one wildcard, which is additional input cost volatility. And so we're calling it based on what the input cost that Nelson just kind of talked about, right? So that's one big thing. And so that could shift up or down, right? And then the other wildcard probably is the volume side. And again, I think we have said that the volumes have come in slightly better than our original expectation, given all the pricing that we've taken.  
We could do a touch better in the second half but that remains to be seen. There's been a lot going on in our volumes with cycling a winter storm in North America, COVID in and out, lockdown and all that. And so it's a little bit tough to call. But again, I'd say we feel like we're calling it down the middle here and we feel confident we're in the range.

Yes. I'll just tag on there, Chris. KCP is a great business for us, and I believe it remains a great growth opportunity for us overall. We are cycling demand volatility in the near term. But that professional market globally is big, it's fragmented and it's got a lot of underserved segments. 
There's been a lot of noise in our demand because we've got a couple of things going on. Washroom is recovering. But because of COVID spikes and everything else, we're lapping big increases in PPE and gloves in the year-ago period and also our other parts of our safety business and wipers, right? So there's a lot of things going on. But overall, we still think there's a great growth opportunity. 
I do think, if you look at offices, where we are a little -- have a bit more exposure, that business is probably not going to come all the way back to where it is. I don't think everybody is going back to work full-time 100% in office. And so that's going to change. But our attitude is, well, that's the base and we got to grow from there. And there's still a lot of opportunities for us to innovate and to serve our end users in a better way.

Chris, maybe I'll start on the personal care and then maybe Nelson can cover a little bit on the energy and the supply side. But overall, D&E, again, very strong price execution in the quarter, 8% organic. I think we are paying a little bit closer attention to the volumes because they are a little softer in our market shares across D&E. The majority or the bulk of the volume impact in D&E was Eastern Europe. And really, Chris, it's as straightforward as it's the effects of the war and the impact on Russia and the impact on Ukraine. 
And so we are still operating well under those circumstances. But as you can imagine, the circumstances are pretty challenging. We remain operational across the region, including in Ukraine and building our business back in Ukraine. Organic is down low double digits as we curtailed operations in Russia. And we're actively building the business back in Ukraine, but we are actively and proactively compliant with all the sanction activity. And that obviously takes -- it has a bit of a volume impact on the business. So I don't know if that, Chris, addresses kind of what you're asking on the volume side.

Yes. The thing I'll tack on there though, Chris, in Western Europe, again, the operating conditions remain very challenging and volatile. I would say that our pricing and the volume and the organic was up low double digits, with price up double digits and volume up high single digits. So again, that's a developed market. I think the consumer is proving to be resilient. Our teams are doing a terrific job executing in what you're -- I'm sure you're familiar with being a very challenging environment. So again, we're paying close attention and the team is doing a very good job running in a tough environment.

Yes, I might say locked-in is an interesting term because some of our biggest commodities, there's not a traded market for. Yes. That's the issue.

Right. Great push, Steve. I mean, that's exactly the issue. And I think if you -- and when you listen to the earnings call from some of our big customers, I mean, I think they'll say the same thing, which is there is a segment of consumers, let's say, in a developed market like the U.S. that is trading down, but it's not all consumers. There may be a few more consumers that are more price-sensitive in the developing market where there is not the government subsidy in a tough time like COVID in, let's say, in Brazil as much as there was in the U.S.
So consumer is a little more affected there. But I think that's right. We do see it across personal care and tissue. Typically in the U.S., in a market like the U.S., what you'll see is maybe the trade-down means maybe not trading the brand out but moving to a smaller count pack, right, to make it more affordable in the short term. And so -- and Lauren mentioned it earlier. 
So there's a host of moves that we make in partnership with our customers to kind of shift in merchandise what's appropriate for the consumer. But again, I think we also want to be very cognizant that we don't want to move the whole market that way. And there are plenty of consumers that, I'd say, despite some of the impact of the economy, the affordability in our categories remains strong. And again, they're still looking to trade up. 
And we're seeing the growth. It's kind of the old barbell description. We're seeing great growth on the high end as well. And we're continuing to innovate and promote our brands and advertise our brands on the high end. And that's what's rough in driving China. I'd say, again, super strong performance on mix, double-digit organic growth in the quarter against a category that's down multiple share point growth on diapers. And that's all driven by value-added consumer benefits. We've really upgraded our line over the last couple of years and feel great about the technology that we have in all of our key markets. 
And I think that's reflected in the momentum that we're seeing, let's say, in diapers when you look at all developed markets. I mean, we have multi-point share gains in our biggest markets. U.S. was up -- Huggies was up 3 points in the U.S. in the quarter. China was up almost 2 points. South Korea, for us, which is our second largest market, was up 4 share points in the quarter. 
So again, I think we're skating -- as you say, skating to where the puck is. We want to be able to meet the consumer where they need us to be. And some are still looking for better quality and premiumization, and others are looking for us to extend them a better value and we're doing both.

Jason, I did want to note though, it's a little more slug -- I mean, we're under our goal because our goal is to be growing share in more than half of our markets. And the last couple of years, we're up in 2/3 of our markets. And so we're a little bit under half, right, just a couple of points under 50%. And so we're watching it closely. Well, we're up in developed. As I mentioned, we're seeing some pricing lagging across D&E, and so our price gaps have widened a little bit. And so we're keeping a close attention to that.

Yes. A couple of things going on. One, I would say professional demand overall is improving. And so for the quarter, and I don't know if you saw the facts, but the organic was up high single digits overall. North America was up 8% and our D&E was up 6%. The washroom is recovering. I would say, though, there's a big component of pricing in that. So washroom sales were up 30% in the quarter. 
And if you add on a dollar basis at 98% of pre-pandemic level, but I would say volumetric, it's still lagging, right? And because we have significant pricing in the last couple of years in Professional, so it reflects significant pricing but the volume is still soft. And again, I think -- as I would say, I don't think all that office demand is coming back in a minute. But that said, that's where our mix has been and we've got to grow from there. 
And so we have a great team. We have great innovation. We have strong momentum and our share is up across the washroom business. We have an ICON dispenser which is a home run with end users. We have an improved towel offering. And so we're seeing strong momentum on the business. But I think you're right. I think we've got to build our business back. 
The other thing that's amplifying maybe the numbers that you're looking at, Jason, is we are cycling strong pandemic-related volume that was in wipers and PPE. I mean -- and gloves was a very significant seller for us in 2020 and 2021, and that's gone the other way this year. And so we have other effects going on as well.

I wouldn't say that yet. I mean, again, overall, the way I'll say it, Jason, is I'm prioritizing and Nelson is prioritizing margin recovery in the near term. And what I will tell the teams internally, the conversation is like, I'm not after renting hollow share, right? And so I don't really want to jerk our teams back and forth. We're trying to deliver balanced and sustainable growth for the long term. We have to get pricing to improve the margins and restore our margins. That's part one. We want to grow our shares over the long term sustainably over a long term. And so we're going to monitor that. But again, I'm not ready to shift back and forth quite yet.

Okay. I'll start on the pricing, Andrea. Yes. If you track or go with the fact that we expect pricing to offset inflation over time, obviously, we'd like to get as much of that as soon as possible. And so if you looked over the course of the year, some of the pricing or inflation impacts hit outside of the U.S. earlier this year. And then more recently, there have been more impacts in the U.S. 
And so I'd say our pricing around the world has kind of followed where the inflation is around the world more directly. We did announce pricing in the U.S. last week. It was typical for what we've done in prior rounds, which is about a mid-single-digit increase. And again, we're still in the early stages of execution on that. And then we've announced similar actions at different times throughout the year in the rest of our markets.

Yes. I would say Latin America, generally, overall, we're up double digits on price and so significantly higher. That reflects what's going on in the local market there.

I'm not sure if I'm understanding the question correctly, but I'm saying -- I would say China was not a drag, it was a star in the quarter. It was up overall double digits in the quarter, and that was based on great diaper technology, great digital execution. Our share was up a couple of points. Organic was up in the mid-teens. And that's against the backdrop of a category that's been down high single digits over the last couple of years. 
And that -- what's really driving it is robust balance of volume, mix and price. And so we feel really great about our China business. The team is doing an excellent job executing in a tough market. We were not impacted as much by the COVID lockdowns. I mean, everybody was impacted, but we have a very locally agile team that developed backup options for supply. Incidentally, our manufacturing operations were not in locations that were locked down, and so that may have been a little bit different for us than others. But again, we feel great about our China performance in the quarter.

Maybe I'll start, Peter. One, I would say, right now, we're prioritizing restoring our margins. I still remain confident that we'll be able to restore our margins and eventually expand our margins over time. I think I said that in January as well, but that was before we had additional -- I don't even know, $800 million of additional inflation in our forecast. And so again -- and I think that my confidence is still high that we'll be able to expand margins over time. But I guess I think the timetable shifts a little bit because there's a bigger nut to crack on that front.

Yes. And I feel like, Peter, that our team has made great progress on pricing and margin recovery, even if it may not show up on the operating number. But for the quarter, our pricing didn't offset inflation overall, and I think that was strong progress. Now the additional work for us is, yes, the inflation forecast got bigger for the balance of the year and so we've got to solve that as well. 
But overall, we feel good about our progress. We know there's more work to do. We're still confident we'll be able to expand our margins over time. And then in addition, we all know commodities are going to revert and they always do. And when we do that, we're not going to rely on reversion for our margin expansion. But when it does do, it will accelerate our time line.

Well, I think, Peter, the big thing is pricing promotion, there's a lot of things going on. But one, you're using it to support the brands. And for me, typically, that would be to support great innovation that you're launching that I find tends to grow the category a little bit more effectively. And what we're really after is overall category growth, and that's what the retailers are after as well. And so for me, pricing and promotion is a component, not an end-all. It's a component of an overall strategy or growth strategy for the business. 
That said, there are fixed costs in this industry, and so volume does matter and so there's a tactical application of that. But if you look at the market, I think the input cost levels are so high. While promotion is, I would call it, at typical level, the depths are probably a little shallower than historically they've been. And I think that's reflective of the cost environment that the industry is working in. I don't know if that really addresses what you're asking.