Okay. Thank you, Paul. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to start the call today with a few brief remarks. Our first quarter results and outlook have been impacted by supply chain disruption, faster-than-expected consumer tissue destocking and a sharp rise in input costs. While I'm not pleased with the results and our outlook, we're taking decisive actions to manage through the short-term challenges we face.
We're continuing to invest in our brands and commercial capability to ensure we're able to grow both in the near term and in the long term. We gained market share in 2020, and our shares were off to a good start this year with strong gains in many key markets. At the same time, we're moving rapidly, especially with selling price increases, to offset commodity headwinds. We've done this successfully in the -- in past commodity cycles, and we expect to do this again now.
I remain confident in the underlying health of our brands and in our growth strategies. We're operating in a very dynamic environment. We know how to manage through this. I'm confident our team will execute with excellence, and we'll continue to build a stronger company for long-term success and value creation.
Now with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.

Okay. Yes. Thank you, Dara. Yes. Our teams have moved very rapidly and made decisive actions to realize additional price this year, obviously. We announced many price moves back in -- towards the end of March. And those will take effect over the next couple of quarters.
In North America, pricing is typically going to be in the mid- to high single-digit range across both our consumer tissue business and our personal care businesses. It will cover about 60% of our overall portfolio. We are taking pricing in multiple other markets, including in Europe, Latin America and parts of Asia.
We expect pricing and additional productivity to offset most of the raw material inflation -- incremental raw material inflation this year. And again, we're off to execution. We have generally announced most of our moves, thus far.

Yes. I would say phase effects -- and obviously, Dara, you might recognize we did some actions in list and some in count, and so we had plans for count that we're rolling out, but will occur a little bit later.

Yes. Okay. Just on the outlook, again, I think one of the things around the -- maybe the quarterly phasing is just recognizing that we had unusually high demand in the first half of last year. And that started in the back -- toward the end of March in the first quarter and then all through the second quarter. So that will -- that's really driving a difference in our outlook.
One of the big reasons for our adjustment in the reduced outlook organically was what we are seeing as a faster destock in consumer tissue, particularly in bath tissue. And I think you can see that in the scanner results as well. I do think it is a faster destock, and that looks like it's related to maybe faster vaccination and faster pace of mobility that's changing.
Interestingly, we track mobility data. It looked like January, February, Dara, in the U.S., mobility was down about 30% in January and February. And it climbed to being down 15% by the time we got to March. So again, I think it does -- a lot of it is the demand that tracks with kind of what we're seeing happening in the tissue.

No. Go ahead.

Well, we're hoping to recover some of it, but there was a pretty big impact to the quarter that we think will stick for the year. Let me just touch on the winter storm a little bit just to give you a little more texture. And our estimate would be -- conservatively, on Q1, would've been worth about $0.15 a share and 2 points overall of organic, which was -- which would be about 5 points of growth -- organic growth for North America.
Important to note, this will also -- and this goes back to the phasing, Dara, it's also going to constrain our Q2 volume in North America, particularly in family -- in personal care. And it's also going to affect our shares in the second quarter.
So the back story is, and I think you may understand, but the February storm hit in the Southern U.S. and really significantly impacted our supply network. We -- it shut down large personal care and consumer tissue facilities that we have based in Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas for up to 10 days. And so sales were impacted due to -- it did flow through to sales for us, Dara.
Typically, I would say, hey, a week or 2 down should not affect the business that much. But because of COVID last year, we were already running in a tight supply situation. And so that's why it has rolled through and affected our sales. It's also going to continue to impact our raw material supply. Polymer producers have been affected more than us, I would say. And so we're having some spot outages of some materials.
And so again, overall, in North America, underlying brand performance has been very healthy, but we do expect, because of supply issues, our shares to soften a bit in the second quarter.

And I'll add, Lauren, it's important for us to protect that investment in our brands because we feel like it's working very well globally, and our brands are responding well to the investment and performing very well despite I would -- what I would say are some challenging conditions.
Definitely, we believe our better execution and our investments in our quality innovation, advertising are really working. Market shares are broadly up globally in almost all key markets around the world. I'll just rattle off some shares, just -- you may be able to see these, but North American diapers, we're up about 1.5 points in share.
In China, almost 3 share points. Korea, Australia, Peru are all over 4 share points. India, Argentina, CEE, we're up over 2 points. And so again, we feel like we have great products in the marketplace, great marketing, especially through digital, and great execution from our teams. And so we want to continue to support that.

Yes. Great questions, Kevin. I guess the short answer is, regarding pickup, not yet. And organic was down about 13%, with continued improvement in North America, but I would say that improvement was more on the wipers and safety business than on the core washroom business. The washroom business was down about 35%, so above where it's been.
I did say mobility is improving. So again, just to refresh your memory, I think January, February was down about 30%. And then in March, it had improved to being down 15%. It isn't flowing through to our washroom business yet, and our business tends to be concentrated in travel and lodging, offices and high-traffic locations like sporting events. So we may see some of that start to pick up as we go forward, but I do think that has been lagging. And these sectors that we tend to play harder in tend to lag the overall mobility a little bit.
I want to point out wipers and safety were up strong double digits in the quarter. We feel great about the momentum of that business. And regarding your pricing, Kevin, there has been some significant pricing on the glove side in our safety business that's driven a lot of the pricing. So I wouldn't say it's -- the elasticity is probably coming in as we planned. It's just that there's been some unusual pricing, unusually high pricing on the safety side.

Yes. Yes. Kevin, I think you're all over the issues as we discussed them. One point is we feel like we have strong brand momentum, as I just rattled off a bunch of share, and growth in what I would say are still fairly choppy waters in the categories. But we feel great about the share momentum of our business globally. And really, we can tie it back to the investments we're making in product quality, innovation and marketing and team execution, which is excellent. So we feel good about that.
There has been some discussion around that. I will say we will make some adjustments, but in a small manner. Overall, we want to maintain our investment levels. But for example, in North America, where we have supply constraints, it may not be the highest ROI decision in the short term to be driving, let's say, promotions in that business when you don't have supply. So we will make some tactical adjustments.
But overall, I think your point on ROI is also important, which is it is going to vary. We don't have the latest data for ROIs on the quarter. But generally, our marketing ROIs, especially digital, has been very strong. And so it may not be the lever that we traditionally think of when cost conditions get a little tough because it's hard to see how cutting advertising, if it's working that effectively for us, actually helps the P&L.

Yes. So -- Steve, so we did make assumptions in our pricing around the elasticity impact. We do have volume coming out of the plan as it relates to pricing. I would say we have good experience from it from just a couple of years ago. And in general, our calls regarding elasticity, generally, were in the ballpark of what our original plans were. And so we feel good about kind of our ability to call it. But the one difference I would say in this market would be what exactly happens due to the COVID environment and some of the volatility related to that, and then we did have some assumptions regarding competitive price points, which we still need to learn how that's going to be executed.

Yes. I'll check and see if I understand the question, but I think we view it as a temporary impact that should not affect our long-term strategy. That's why we are continuing to invest in our brands. I think -- as I said before, I think our investments are working. We feel great about where the brands are going.
And -- but I don't really want to take apart what we're doing in China because we had a plant that came down for a week in Texas. And so that's kind of how we're thinking about it. And so we recognize what our medium-term guidance has been. We plan to hit that over the long term.
We also recognize that we want to accelerate organic growth beyond what our medium-term guidance was, and what -- we are making progress on that. But recognize that we operate environments like COVID -- affected by COVID, and also now this, I think, once-in-a-lifetime -- at least, living here in Texas, a once-in-a-lifetime storm that we always prepare for. We always prepare for it, but you never really think it's going to happen. But the teams are doing a great job responding to the challenge and doing the best with what they can. And our suppliers are doing a great job partnering with us. So again, I think it's a -- I feel like it's a temporary effect. Maria?

Yes, yes. So overall, Jason, that's why knowing that we had some different items in that statement, I would say, overall, we still view the North American market across personal care and tissue to be constructive.
I think promotional volume in personal care returned to what I recall, I think, our team calls normalized levels a few quarters ago. And so it's proceeded along that path. And I would say it's -- that's kind of where personal care is.
In tissue, I would say, promotional levels for us, at least our perception is and our planning is a little -- still lower than where it had been, and primarily because we still have been in tight supply. Obviously, given kind of where demand is going, that supply situation is getting reversed a little bit now. But again, we don't have significant plans in the first half to promote aggressively.
And frankly, as you've heard me say before, we remain committed to our journey on the high road, and we really believe we want to grow our brands by investing in products and innovation and advertising. And so overpromoting categories for us in a fixed consumption category does not feel like a healthy way for the business. So again, I would say, overall, the market appears to us constructive.

Yes. And Jason, you've been in our chair, so I think you recognize kind of we have a lot of -- what we're paid to manage through these things. And so these things come up every year. And so as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we know how to manage through these situations, and we will.

Okay. All right. I'll try to -- I'll start with the, yes, competitive environment. Overall, again, I think we've been competing, as I mentioned, Andrea, kind of in this high-road approach, which would be, again, build the brands through quality, innovation, marketing and local execution that's very, very good. And so that feels like to us has been working very effectively, China especially.
We were up double digits in China across both fem care and diapers. So we feel great about their business. Organic was up over 20% in China in the quarter, and Huggies was up double digits, and that was driven by volume and what I would say is a premiumizing mix. And so our share is up, as I mentioned, almost 3 points. And we feel like we have the best product in the marketplace. And the teams are very good on both baby and in fem care around digital marketing agility.
And so they're very good at building that digital relationship with consumers. And so I think that's been a key component of driving our business. And so yes, I think the market may be getting a little bit more competitive, but we still feel like the Chinese consumer is looking for high-quality products. And right now, they view our products as being the best in the marketplace.

Yes. I would say, overall, we have announced pricing in Europe, and we have been announcing pricing fairly continuously in Latin America. So in general, I would say, we have seen competitive -- competitors move pricing in Europe. And then locally, in Latin America, it has been mixed. And so we have seen pricing moves from some of the large competitors, and then there have been 1 or 2 local ones that have not moved. And so that's just a dynamic that's been going on for a year or so now, and our teams have been able to operate within.

Okay. Yes, the KCP, I think, the guide is, yes, we do see -- we are planning for sequential improvement throughout the course of the year. And again, as Maria mentioned earlier, we're seeing mobility pick up faster. But in the KCP business, it hasn't flown through the washroom segments that we typically play stronger in. And so we will -- we do expect to see that occur as more people get back to work. I do think it's related to, at least in North America, what would be a faster vaccine rollout that we initially saw as we were ending last year.

Yes. Okay. I'll try to address, Chris. On overall promotion, I would say our approach is to kind of grow the brands through investing in the quality of the products and in advertising. And then with digital, that's quite an effective tool for us. I mean not only is -- digital tends to be higher ROI than any of our other spends, including retail promotions, it's also -- you get faster feedback on its performance, right? So again, I think we have plenty of levers.
We did shift to this approach a couple of years ago, and I think it's working very effectively for us. So if you ask kind of do we have the levers in our control? I would say yes. And what we feel good about is we have programs developed that are robust in that sense. And as I just rattled off a bunch of these shares, we feel like those are working very effectively.
That said, we want to be competitive on price or promotions. But I don't think promotions in a fixed consumption category are the right long-term way to grow the category. Because it's different than, let's say, an impulse category like cookies, where you can drive incremental consumption through promotion. Our categories, you generally don't drive incremental consumption. You can drive share, but I'd rather earn our share rather than rent our share for the short term. And it's a very expensive way to rent share, right?
So again, we do have the levers. And by the way, we're making significant investment in our revenue growth management capabilities. So we have the tools. And even if we were to invest more in promotion, I think we'd be very selective in terms of how we spent it, and we would want to make that efficient as well. I don't know if that addressed your question on that part.

Yes. Great question, Chris. And we are seeing a little slowing in the birth rate overall, both in developed and developing markets. For instance, in the U.S., where the data typically lags, we were down about 1 point. The birth rate was down about 1 point in 2019. The latest data, although it's not officially published, I think, Paul, but it would say roughly down 3% last year. And so that was a slowdown. And we're seeing some of that, too, where you may have read in China the birth rate has come down significantly as well.
I think the balancing factor, there's a couple of different components. One is our core strategy is to elevate our categories by creating more value-added products and premiumizing our mix over time. And that's really taking hold. And as I mentioned, we're up almost 3 share points in China. That's all through a premium mix of products. And for instance, this year, we have the best product we feel like in what we call our Tier 6, which is our premium tier. We are launching a Tier 7 product that brings a lot of the features that we have in our current premium products and escalate them further. And we're launching Tier 7 at a 50% premium to Tier 6. And so I do think, in some markets like China, where the consumer certainly is willing to pay for what they -- what are better products, in the near term, we'll continue to drive our business that way.
That said, we also have many other developing markets like Indonesia and India that are continuing to grow and where the birth rates are not as impacted yet or still maintaining their birth rates. And also, we still have category penetration growth. So again, I think we feel good about our overall strategy. We recognize that the environment, likely because of COVID, has affected birth rates to some extent. But we feel like our strategy is both in developed markets, which is to elevate our business and our categories and then continue to expand in D&E are the right ones for us.

Okay. I want to thank you all for joining us today. Our revised outlook really reflects some significant change in our environment. And I want to assure you that our teams are taking decisive action, and we remain very confident in our high-road approach to growing our brands. So thank you.