I'll let Michael elaborate. And I guess I'd say just kind of broadly, as you look at private label shares in North America, they really haven't moved around a lot. Our first quarter -- our estimate of the first quarter private label market share for diapers in North America is about the same as the full year average last year and actually down slightly from fourth quarter. So maybe we had a little bit different view of it than others might. But I don't know, Mike, do you want to add anything else to that and then comment on Brazil and what's going on with pricing there?

And Jason, just to build on that, I mean, everything we moved to digital coupons winds up being a reduction in net sales and kind of showing up as negative price, even though we might argue that that's a strategic targeting of an individual consumer.

Yes. There are usually a couple of headlines, Jason, that Mike can build on. I mean, pretty much all the big international branded players lost share in the last quarter. And so it's been the local Chinese brands that have actually probably picked it up through e-commerce, and so -- and that's really just in BCC. In fem care, we had a great quarter with strong growth. And so China is a tough competitive market. It's a huge market with huge potential. We're -- we've got lots of innovation coming, and we still believe in the opportunity there. But it's a tough competitive place in the short term. I don't know, Mike, if there's anything else you want to add to that.

Well, it's going to be a competitive market for a long, long time just given the opportunity there.

So maybe I'll give you some macro view, and then Mike can give you some details. I mean, number one, if you look sequentially, price for us was negative 2 in the fourth quarter. It was negative 1 in the first quarter. So it did ease a little bit, not a lot. And we have some initiatives in the marketplace that roughly track commodities. When you see commodities move at this level historically, you typically see some finished product price recovery, either a pullback in trade, a little bit less depth, and you're starting to see some of that play out in different markets around the world. And so I think that's not surprising, and we'll see how the rest of the year plays out. I don't know, Mike, if there's anything else you want to add to that.

I was going to say some of them -- as an example, we didn't lead it, to put -- to be clear.

In some large market examples that have happened recently, we did not lead it.

Yes. I mean, we use RISI because they've been the best forecaster out there. I don't know that we're in love with any of them. And I think every pulp forecast I've ever gotten in my career just about always had a positive upward slope, and they're only right half of the time. So at this point, every forecast we get lately, pulp prices look like they're going higher than the last one we got. And so you're certainly -- having seen pulp markets in the past, they can get a bit frothy. And if the producers are disciplined on taking downtime and you get some Chinese demand, you can definitely see some upward moves in pulp price. And that's certainly shown up in some of the RISI data we've seen lately, and that's kind of -- the high end of our forecast range is kind of the worse case than what we're seeing from RISI lately.

I think that's what the current outlook would look like.

A very philosophical question this morning, Ali. I'd say, first of all, every coupon is a company with some other kind of a brand message, and you want to click through -- get the consumer to click through and see your other brand equity-building messages. And it is one of the things that we do think about, is that are you building equity in the right places. And to Mike's earlier comment, I -- we believe product innovation and having winning products, talking about it in the right way and, in some cases, providing an incentive to try is the way you build brands long term. But we are -- I think we're all trying to figure out how do we build a one-to-one relationship versus a mass media blast way of building brands.

We don't want you to misread that we're saying it's an easy pricing environment. It's not. It's a challenging, competitive environment. As we would look at our gross margins, it's down significantly year-over-year. It's down about 100 basis points sequentially. So it's not that far off from where it was in the fourth quarter. Some of the pricing actions we talked about are just going into the market now or they've been announced and will roll in, in the second quarter. So we didn't get a lot of it in the first quarter results. And I think like everybody else, pricing has set an expectation. And as commodity cost expectations have increased during the quarter, that's caused some of our teams to go back and relook at their plans for the year and see where else we can generate more revenue. Mike, I don't if you want to build...

I believe that our key competitor has already taken that in 2017, and so -- and we're coupling it with a significant product improvement, because it's also -- it's much easier to get price or revenue recognition when you've got innovation to package it with. It's a whole different conversation with a retailer if you've got a better-performing product, and, oh, yes it costs a little bit more. It's even a different conversation with the consumer. If it's a straight list-price change, that's a little harder for them to swallow sometimes. So some of the pricing actions are tying into innovation activities that we have planned as the year rolls out.

Well, they're still going to be higher significantly year-over-year. I think -- and they're all launching it, and they're seeing it across other categories as well. So it's not enough [indiscernible].

Yes. I mean, Mike can give you a little bit more detail. I mean, I would say we weren't satisfied with our market shares in 2017, and we had a better start to the year in the first quarter. And so I think our -- and we track the major markets and major categories, and I think we were up in almost 60% of those in the first quarter. But we'd still say that's kind of bouncing back from a tougher year in 2017. So we're pleased, but we're not satisfied, I guess, is the way to describe it.

Good progress in fem care.

Yes, that's still true. I think online is a place where you probably have fewer barriers to entry, and so there's more players coming into that space. And if you get trial in a category, you can drain off some of the growth in that category.

We'll have a big push in Q2, but then there's more coming later in the year.

Yes, that's a great question. I'll have Maria build on that. And really, we're trying to keep our retailers in stock while minimizing system inventory, but there's a lot of stuff that we're working on. Maria, maybe you can give them some color on that.

Yes. I think those are all important questions, and I'd say if you -- we've got a pretty significant commodity exposure. And so you're going to see some swings in our gross margin. When commodities are relatively low, gross margins will spike up a little bit and vice versa, which is what we're going through right now. If you kind of look at the quarter, virtually all of the decrease in our gross profit, if you net it all out, was the negative price item. All the other stuff, commodity costs, net of cost savings, net of currency benefit, kind of washed out, and the price kind of fell through the bottom line. So as we roll forward, we hope we have more positive pricing comparisons as we get some price in the market. This is probably the toughest commodity cost year-on-year comparison in the quarter, so commodity costs will start to lap those increases. That started to happen in the second half of last year. We expect our cost savings to build, both from our FORCE cost savings program and our restructuring cost savings, some of which will hit gross profits, some of which will hit in between-the-lines. So we've got a lot of levers pulling that should improve our gross profit perspective as we work through the year, and that's kind of what our guidance is built around, if that's helpful.

I mean, I would say, as you look at our margins over a long, long period of time, they're going to oscillate around the commodity cycle, and there's usually a lag between when commodities go up and when you get price. And then when commodities hit bottom, there's a lag before your price adjusts downward, if it's going to. And so my goal is that there's still a positive upward slope to the line and that, hopefully, over time, we're getting more efficient. We're driving more innovation. We're improving our product mix. And if we can do that, we should see long-term positive trend on gross margin. You can have pretty big swings, as we've seen this quarter, from commodities in any one period of time.

And, Kevin, the only other build I'd add for you is that we've just kicked off this big restructuring program. I know over the next couple of years, we're going to be spending more than normal on capital spending and maintaining a healthy share repurchase program, so that is going to put a little bit of pressure on our debt in the near term. But we think investing in our core business, with the work that we're doing with the restructuring program, is a very high-return approach for us relative to other things that we could do with the money.

And the consumer value equation question, Nik, is another philosophical question. It's one that is probably more opaque because you don't have visibility of what everybody's doing in the digital space, but it's one that -- we're continuing to try to refine our measures and test different things to see how to assess that. I don't know, Mike, if you've got anything else that you can share that's not proprietary on that.

Yes. I mean, I think maybe to simplify it is we really want our supply chain to track closely consumer demand and consumer takeaway. So we want -- the consumer is the boss, so we want her and her purchase patterns to drive our supply chain, and we need to be able to react to that. And then our teams are planning the business in 6-month buckets as to when they have promotional activity planned. And we are trying to get better and better at our ability to forecast that and make sure we deliver outstanding customer service and can fulfill everything that we committed to our customers to go to. And so we plan to have a better start to the year in North America. And I'd say, Mike, it even started a little better than we would have expected, but our supply chain was able to adapt to that.

Yes, maybe just to put that in perspective, I mean, yes, it's going to be -- we're roughly 10 basis points down from the average of last year. First quarter was the high watermark last year. Some of this also has to do with timing of innovation and when new products will launch. I mean, we're still committed to supporting our brands at the right level, both with advertising and as well as promotion.

I mean, basically, in the first quarter, we announced the plan to our employees and got organized to implement it. And so, as Maria mentioned, we did a voluntary severance program in North America. That is now closed, and those job reductions will start to take place in the second quarter. So we'll start to get savings more in the back half of the year from that effort.

Okay. Yes. Yes, we can -- between Mike and I, we can probably cover those. I mean, I think in China competitive, you raised an interesting point, and there's lots of interesting products available over there. Some are good and some are not. Some are very high-priced, even well above the price that you pay for a premium or super-premium international product. And if they get trial, they might not get repeat, but they can still pick up some market share. And our hope is that, over time, we're building loyal consumers that want to stay in our franchise. But moms, especially moms in China who want the best for baby, are exploring new ideas and trying new things. And so there's just a lot more competitive offerings in that market. And so our belief is product performance matters. If we do a great job of delivering on that and talking to the consumer about it in the right way and having it in a place where she can find it, that we're going to win in any market, including China. And then I think -- private label production, I mean, is a tiny part of our business overall. It's less than 5%. I mean, I think I wouldn't really comment too much on that. And then e-commerce in China, Michael is probably...

Yes.

That's also -- I want just to be clear, the data is not as robust as other data we would give you because there's a ton of retailers that are doing Click & Collect. Virtually every retailer is doing some form of Click & Collect, and none of that is counted anywhere in an e-commerce measurement because no one collects the data that way. So that probably is bigger than any number we would quote you in North America, but we don't have any way to measure it, really.

Yes. It's an issue. And we ship high-cube, low-value items, so freight is a big cost for us. But we probably -- we are less of a spot freight buyer and more of a contract freight buyer because of that. And so we probably have been buffered from some of the spot gyrations than maybe some that are structured a little differently or freight is a smaller part of their cost that might manage it in a different way. So in our high-volume freight lanes, we have contractual relationships that we pay higher diesel, but we aren't paying some of the other costs. Now we may eventually have some pass-through when those contracts are renegotiated, but for the moment, we're not suffering quite as much as others. That's helpful.

Yes. I mean, I'd say, broadly, in total, our online share is pretty similar to our offline share. In fact, it might even be a little bit higher because there's no private label, typically, in your online share. But it can vary a little bit by category. But I would say we're competitive. Because there is less private label online, we would probably want it to be even higher than our offline share.

You couldn't resist that one, Ali, I guess. Just trying to chum the water and see if I take the bait, is that the strategy this morning?

I mean, I wouldn't say it's been something that we would feel like we needed to talk about or we would have talked about it. So it's one that -- we've got a very small number of customers that we do that for, and we're happy with the business. I think they're happy with the business. But we really are focused on driving innovation behind our brands and winning with that total bundle.

I don't think I would agree with that statement. It hasn't changed much as a percent of sales, let me put it that way, over time.

Well, again, we're off to a good start in the first quarter relative to our plan for the year. And so it's a challenging environment, but you can count on your Kimberly-Clark team to try to manage through that as best as we can. Once again, we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark.