Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to your questions, I'd like to offer some perspective on our third quarter and further actions we're taking in response to this dynamic and challenging macroenvironment. Organic sales were strong, up 4% in the quarter and included the impact of pricing actions implemented in the second and third quarters. In North America, personal care organic sales were up 11%, driven by mid-single-digit increases in both net selling price and volume. In D&E markets, personal care organic sales were up 7%, organic sales increased double digits in Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Eastern Europe and South Africa. 
Our top line performance was strong despite the resurgence of COVID, which impacted growth in ASEAN, Latin America and K-C Professional. Our market positions remain strong and are improving, reflecting strong innovation and excellent commercial execution in nearly all key markets. Our share positions in North America remains solid with good sequential gains in personal care. Our share performance in D&E markets remains robust, where we continue to strengthen our diaper leadership positions in key markets, including China and Brazil. 
We also continue to focus on cost, with our teams delivering solid savings of $150 million in the quarter. In addition, we reduced between-the-lines spending. Now clearly, our margins and earnings were disappointing as higher inflation and supply chain disruptions increased our costs well beyond the expectation we established just last quarter. 
I'd like to highlight the effect of 3 areas of volatility that are most impacting our business. First, as we noted in July and on the basis of external forecast, we had expected commodity prices to ease in the second half of 2021. Instead, prices for resin and pulp increased further in the third quarter and are now expected to stabilize at a meaningfully higher level than our prior estimate. 
Second, a tight U.S. labor market and disruption in domestic and international transportation markets are having an elevated impact on our supply chain as we work to get our products to the shelf and meet consumer demand. 
Third, energy costs are up dramatically in Europe, where natural gas prices have risen as high as 6x year ago levels. Energy prices in North America are also up sharply, although not to the same extent. As a result, our margins are down -- were down with declines only partially mitigated by the actions we've taken to date. 
We're not pleased with our results, and we're taking further action to mitigate the impact of higher input and labor costs. These steps include further pricing actions, additional initiatives to ensure we achieve our cost savings goals and tightening discretionary spending. At the same time, we remain committed to investing in our brands and commercial capabilities. While we expect to see some benefit from these actions in 2021, we have further reduced our outlook for the year. This reflects our third quarter performance and our expectations for the fourth quarter. 
And while we're not ready to call our outlook for 2022, I will offer perspective on key variables that will affect our plan next year. First, we continue to build top line momentum. In addition, our pricing actions brand investment and commercial program should provide further benefit in 2022. Second, some discrete headwinds we face this year will be behind us. This includes the U.S. winter storm and presumably consumer tissue destocking. Third, some headwinds we face this year may become more persistent. We're now expecting further inflation on several key commodities. We're also expecting continued tightness in the labor and transportation markets, which will continue to impact our global supply chain all the way to our customers. 
In addition, the going-forward impact of COVID on both demand and supply remains very unpredictable. We will continue to move decisively and navigate changing market conditions. We'll also continue to invest in our brands and capabilities to maintain brand momentum. Our strategy is working, and we remain confident in our future and are confident in our ability to create long-term shareholder value. 
Now we'd like to address your questions.

Yes. Okay. [indiscernible] Dara. Maybe I'll start a little bit philosophically. And I would say based on our strategy, improving margins is a core aspect of K-C 2022 for us. And so we've taken further actions to offset inflation. I mean, and I believe margin improvement is a fundamental pillar of what we need to do for the company.  
And so we expect to fully offset inflation with both pricing and cost reductions, so a combination, while we expect to fully offset that over time. So we announced some further actions in Q3. The year-to-date, our actions are fairly broad reaching every region, every business, generally. I wouldn't -- actually, not every single business, but generally across most markets. 
And so in Q3, we've announced broader actions in North America, professional and consumer Latin America and other markets selectively. So I would say, pretty far reaching.  
I will tell you Dara, our earlier pricing actions are generally on track, as you saw kind of in the release, we had 3 points of price factor in organic in the quarter. We have seen some other brands move, particularly in North America. I haven't seen significant movement in private label yet. Although I'll note that, that typically occurs a little bit later. And we've had a little share of softness. But in general, I think our volumes are holding up well.

Yes. I mean, you can probably see it in the release. I mean, we feel very good about our organic performance. I think our corporate brands are very fundamentally healthy. And I think our investment in both innovation and commercial programming, especially advertising, are working very hard for us. So we're going to obviously work hard to make sure our margins improve, but we want to maintain that investment in the brands, especially where it's working. 
That said, we have made some adjustments in some categories where it felt like it was perhaps a little less effective in the current environment. And so, to that extent, we've done that. We have trended between the line spend a little bit, but that -- I would tell you that's been more on the on the G&A front than on the A&CP front in the quarter. So I don't know, Maria, if you have something you want to add.

Yes, Dara. I mean that's why we've been saying we'll offset or get our margins back in line and improving over time with both pricing and cost reduction. I think the middle of next year is probably a good kind of perspective for us. Because obviously, what happened this year was we saw the change in the commodity line, obviously, coming out of the first quarter. 
And so we announced pricing that was effective -- or we announced it at the end of the first quarter, and it was effective in our second quarter of this year. Certainly, commodities have moved significantly since then. And so we've made additional actions, and that's going to take us time to implement fully. So that's one component. 
The other component I will tell you that looking forward is -- and I think we indicated this about 2022, is the global supply chain is under pressure, and we do expect cost to remain elevated for a period. Not all costs. Certainly, I think there are some fundamentals in the eucalyptus market that would say, hey, there's more capacity coming along, so that should come back a little bit. But the polymer-based products, seem like they're going to remain elevated for a little while. We mentioned U.S. labor costs and pressures on transportation globally. I think that's going to remain elevated for a while, because I don't see a fundamental catalyst to change that in the near term. And so that's why we're making some of our moves.

Yes. Okay. Well, maybe I'll start, and Maria has probably got much more detail, but I would just -- not to be [ flipping ], but it is affecting almost kind of all areas of our operation. I mean, certainly, I think you can clearly see on fiber and resin base, the commodity challenges. And so I think that's kind of well established and visible for you all. 
I think maybe -- would maybe is a little less clear as kind of how it's rolling through. And what I mentioned, labor markets and the transportation markets, it ripples through. And my take would be, it looks like COVID appears to have increased the demand for goods over the past year or so and as shifting expanded a little bit from services to goods.
And so with that, the other effect of COVID is -- and you've read all the articles about the great resignation, whether that's the case or whether it's more that there are a lot more options for hourly work, it has really tightened the hourly labor supply. And so because of that pressure on both sides, increased demands means much more demand for containers or trucking, less labor means fewer drivers to drive the trucks. And because of that, as you noted in our third -- even in our third quarter, while our service levels are improving significantly, we were not able to get all our orders out the door on the time line that we wanted. 
And because of that, that rolls through in multiple ways. One is we pay higher rates for employees, higher wages. We're paying higher rates for transportation. It's rolling through, in some cases, our employee tenure has shortened dramatically. And so it's changing how we staff, because we have to staff more people to get the product out the door. We've got production outages, missed deliveries and that ripples through with fines and everything else with customers. 
And so there's just the many ways that I think both this pressure on the labor side and the transportation markets kind of ripples through the cost. And that's kind of why you're seeing a little softness in our FORCE delivery. Most of that was because of the elevated costs. I don't know, Maria, do you have more to add?

Yes. And Lauren, one thing I'll add is I don't know that there's a -- I think we said in the note, it's not a short-term solution here because it does feel like it's based on fundamentals, which is there's more demand for goods, and I think we're seeing that in many categories beyond consumer. And then there's -- it does feel like there's more options for hourly employment. And because of that, that's putting pressure on the labor markets and hiring for the roles that we need, right?

Yes.

Yes. So overall, Chris, our brand fundamentals are strong and really improving. And I think it's really based on differentiated innovation and excellent local commercial program, really the driver. And I think our brands are about as healthy as I've seen as far as long as I've been here. Obviously, not all of them are working the way that we would like them work, but in general, our brands are performing quite well. 
The birth rate issue you mentioned in diapers is real. Although there's a couple of different dimensions of that, which is, one, certainly a big decline in birth rate in China. 5 years ago, there were about 17 million or 18 million births and this year, it looks like there'll be about 10-ish million, right, somewhere in that range. And that said, it's still going to be a big market, right, and still the largest diaper market in the world for a long time. So that's one thing. 
That's one on the downside. The U.S., on the contrast because there was a little bit of decline in births last year that accelerated with COVID, actually slightly up this year. And actually, we're seeing through the first couple of quarters and the projection is moving toward modest growth in the second half, is -- so that's a bit of positive news. 
But the overall, the reason why you're seeing strong performance on personal care is more what I talked about previously, which is strong innovation pipeline and strong, strong local programming on the commercial side. And what the teams will say, it's not any one thing. It's the combination of a plan, meaning great innovation backed with great marketing, with a great sales plan and local execution all working together.
And I think the numbers you may have seen, but personal care is accelerating globally. It was up 9% in the quarter with a strong recovery in North America that was up 11%. And then we're continuing to see that strong performance across D&E in most markets. Making good progress in K-C Professional as well. That was up 12%, with North America being up 16% and a healthy balance of both price and volume. And then consumer tissue, although still down in the quarter, it was down 6% and down 9% in North America, I'd say that was stabilizing.
Our consumption in North America was better than our organic, and that's because we are cycling a big year ago customer or consumer inventory build that happened in the third quarter, a little bit happened in the fourth quarter last year as well. So we're cycling that. But I'd say the good news on consumer tissue globally, it feels like it's stabilizing.
We have given up a little share in North America. We probably picked up a little share last year on bath tissue because we had a little more availability. Our teams were scrambling to put out as much output as it could as we felt like there was a lot of consumer need for our products last year. And so we did that, and we probably gave back a little share. But again, I think overall, we feel like consumer tissue certainly stabilizing versus what we saw in the first and second quarters.

Yes. Yes. Consumer tissue, particularly in North America, will build as the year goes and into next year. And so yes, so there was not that much in this year and then we did have a little additional trade investment versus a year ago. And so that offsets some of it. But we expect that to continue to build as the year goes.

Thank you for keeping us honest on the shares. But what I would say, we're improving from a tight supply situation. And so that's probably the big thing. And so we're recovering really well. I think we have, for the year, up or even in 4 of 8 categories in North America, that's a little less than kind of what I would like, but 7 of 8 sequentially. So we're making progress. 
And so if you remember, Kevin, we had really tight supply situation towards the end of the first quarter, and that flowed through the whole second quarter. We were down mid-single-digit share points, I think, in diapers at that point. And so the team has really done a nice job recovering. I think in diapers, we were up 340 basis points sequentially in the quarter. And just a look -- just about even, or maybe a little bit less than even on share overall in the quarter. So we feel good about the recovery. I think we're making good progress in adult care. 
Tissue, as I mentioned, on the bath tissue side, we're a little soft because we had maybe a little elevated share that I was hoping to hold on to but we haven't held on to it, but that was more due to availability. Kleenex is up pretty good, pretty substantially, and we feel good about that, although the category is down. 
And then on towels, we're down about a little over 1 point. The issue there is given supply conditions, we have shifted some of our supply of production from towels to bath, and that's caused part of that. So overall, I would say that the brands are moving in the right direction, not all, but we feel like we have the right plans in place, and we're going to continue to make progress.

Okay. Kevin, maybe I'll comment on the trade and Maria, maybe you can comment on the between-the-lines. But one, yes, in North America, in particular, I think the promotion levels have moved back to "typical levels," the percent -- as measured by percent promo sold on -- or percent sold on promotion was down 50% to 75% last year as we all curtail promotions because of demand. At this point, I'd say it's returned to historical levels, both in personal care, which happened about the third quarter of last year and then in consumer tissue this quarter or the third quarter of this year.
Philosophically, I do think retailers do believe brand switching occurs with brands. And so promotions continue to be important in our categories there is potentially some share shifting, frankly, my emphasis would be on what I call the high road approach to growing brand, which is growing brands through great innovation and marketing and using trade and promotion as a fundamental element of that to support what we're doing from a marketing perspective. But I don't really value share from promotion alone. And so in general, we're going to be focusing on being efficient with how we spend our promotions and being disciplined about it. Especially, Kevin, as you might imagine, in this environment, where certainly, pricing and price realization is important, given what's happening with the cost front.

Well, I don't -- I wouldn't put it all at retailers. I mean, I think the manufacturers also rely on it as well. And maybe, certainly, my kind of attitude or philosophy for it is I think I said it before, I don't like to rent share through promotion. If we can use promotions to drive the trial that we want on our innovation, I'm supportive of that. 
And so that's a little bit -- I may have a slightly different take than others. But I wouldn't lay it at the feet of our customers. They're great partners. Our categories matter to them, and obviously, they matter a lot to us. And so it's a symbiotic relationship.

Yes. Peter, we've actually increased our advertising investment significantly over the last few years, and we feel good about that. And clearly, I think that's shown up in the numbers in terms of the organic growth and the overall health of the brand that we -- as I talked about earlier on this call. So we feel good about that.
I would say at this point, we will look to continue to build that. We're probably operating kind of in the 5% plus or minus 5% range of sales. It's still a little lower than our primary competitors. I would like that to be higher over time. although we probably never will match some of our competitors at the same level, they will. But I still think we can productively invest more and make that a win-win for the brand while growing our margins at the same time.
The unique thing about advertising in this environment where kind of as digital has unfolded is that the returns are much better than they historically have been. And so we continue to improve our efficiencies. We're getting better at that. And so for us, we're going to continue to look for ways to grow the business, and that's going to include through advertising investment. At the same time, Maria and I will also work to deliver a balanced plan that will deliver, as we just mentioned, margin improvement over time, while delivering improved organic growth.

Yes. It's all of that. So great question, Steve, and great perspective. I think I would share yours, which is I think it's a balanced deployment. Obviously, this year, we went with list because it can be a little quicker and a little more efficient to implement for both us and our customers. That said, I think long term, in our categories, I would say, for us, it will be a combination of list pack, right? Pack count and pack architecture, right, and sizing and then also a promotion strategy, right? And I think all those are fertile ground for us.
I've been talking about revenue growth management for a couple of years now. We're still early in the journey in getting better at it, but we have a lot of great tools globally that we're using to support our planning. And I think we're getting more and more disciplined about it. And again, I think the balance across the levers will be important for us into next year, but I think going forward.

Yes. I mean, Nik, I was just talking about with Steve, again, I think we've invested in a lot of tools. And so at this point, I think our elasticity modeling is pretty good, fairly accurate. I would say given our categories, Nick, that the elasticity tends to be a little less when realized than what predicted, just because if you look at these bath tissue, the consumption doesn't change that much. Maybe the value tier you purchased at may shift a little bit.
And so there's that dynamic, but we are sensitive to that. And it's also what's core in our strategy is developing a great value proposition to our consumer. And so we're always cognizant of that. And I think one of the things that we've done in many markets around the world is offer a great proposition on both the value side and also the premium side. And while our strategy generally is to elevate our categories and expand our categories, I do think pricing in our categories, with the premiumization of our categories, a little less than some of the others that I've worked in, in the past. 
So I still think there's room to grow. However, we want to be able to shift, and that's what we've done in a market like Latin America. And one of the reasons why we've grown share this year is because we've been able to pivot between our premium tier and our value tier. For reference, 2 years ago, we were making a student body left to go premium. And we shifted a significant portion of our mix in Brazil from value to premium. And over the past 18 months, we've been shifting it back the other way because that's what the consumer needs.
And so we're really cognizant of that, we're aware of the elasticities. Thus far, I would say our volumes have held up, although I think what's really happening is we're seeing the intended elasticity, but we do have brand growth initiatives that are offsetting some elasticity impact.

Yes. Again, I think what you're seeing in Personal Care, we did move very early on when we had our commodity forecast update in the first quarter, and so we did move on that. At the time, I think the tissue side or the fiber side was less clear. And so I would say we probably moved a little slower on the tissue side. We have announced some broad pricing actions in multiple markets since then. And so that's why I said earlier, Jason, that I would expect our tissue price realization to continue to improve as the year progresses.

We announced some price changes in August with our retailers.

Yes. Andrea, yes, again, online continues to perform very well for us and then untracked as well. And so I think that's probably why there's probably a discrepancy in our view of our market share performance, which we see as a little stronger than maybe what you might see. And so overall, we feel very good about that and the category growth, actually in both channels. And I think our brands are performing well. 
The issue that we've had on share, a couple of different areas. In North America, it's primarily been an issue around supply. And so even though we've made substantial improvement and our fulfillment throughout the course of the year, we're still not meeting all orders out there. And so our share is still a little light from that dimension. And then in a couple of other markets, again, I think it is, as you point out, maybe some relative price indices that have expanded a little bit in the short term.
We've moved on pricing in most markets. And while we've generally seen moves from branded competition. We haven't seen that in all markets. And so there's still a little softness we're experiencing in Western Europe and in some markets in Latin America.

Yes. Overall, globally, we're probably in the mid- to high teens at this point. I don't have the growth rate off hand, but yes, in the double -- strong double digits is what I would say.

Stronger over last year. Right. And with the great news being our fastest grower was our biggest market. So that was good last year. And so again, online continues to be important and increasingly important and we're operating very well there.

Okay. Well, thank you all for taking the time to be with us today. We're working hard to drive sustainable brand growth and taking further action to ensure that we improve our margins and earnings profile. So thank you all.