Okay. Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get into the Q&A, I'd like to offer some additional perspective on our performance. Clearly, our results did not turn out as we expected, and we knew it was a tough comp, given our strong growth and record profitability in the year-ago quarter. Now while we expected volatility this year, the external environment has proven to be even more volatile than our expectation at the beginning of the year and versus our April update.
Since we spoke in April, commodity inflation has spiked higher and our supply chain has been challenged. These dynamics are impacting us and, more broadly, the industry. We're also navigating historic levels of demand volatility in consumer tissue. Last year, we worked really hard to support our consumers and our customers as demand increased at a record pace. While we expected the category to retract this year, that decline has meaningfully outpaced our expectations. This has been driven by reduced at-home consumption due to increased mobility and destocking of both consumer pantries and retailer inventory.
Consumer tissue has historically been very stable and we expect demand to normalize over time. We remain confident in our brand fundamentals even as we acknowledge that the short-term tissue outlook has been difficult to call. We've taken decisive action to offset the impact of raw material inflation. We have announced pricing in key markets around the world. Our pricing actions are on track, and we expect to fully offset the effects of input cost inflation over time as we've done in previous cycles.
We've also taken prudent steps to control and reduce discretionary spend across the business. We expect this to be reflected in our results as we continue to implement these actions. We view this level of input cost inflation and the COVID-driven demand volatility to be discrete issues. We will continue to take appropriate action to reduce the impact of volatility over time.
At the same time, we remain confident and committed to our approach to building brands. Despite near-term challenges, we have plenty of bright spots in our business. Our strategy to invest in our brand is working. You can see this in our second quarter results broadly across personal care and especially in D&E markets. Excluding North American consumer tissue, our organic sales were up 4%. Personal care organic sales were up 6% globally, driven by a 4% volume increase. In D&E markets, personal care organic sales were up 8%, with very strong market share performance, including in China, Brazil, throughout Eastern Europe, India, Peru and South Africa. We've recently captured #1 diaper share positions in China and Brazil, which reflects the strength of our brand fundamentals with consumers.
Importantly, we're starting to see green shoots in K-C Professional. The business grew year-over-year and sequentially as we saw strength in international markets and positive trends in washroom products. As more companies transition back to in-person environments, we expect KCP momentum to improve in the back half.
We're encouraged by our underlying brand performance and have made significant progress in addressing the supply challenges we faced earlier this year in our North American personal care business. Looking forward to the second half, we are expecting better results across the business. We believe the major factors impacting this quarter do not reflect the fundamental health of our business. We remain committed to our strategy to deliver balanced and sustainable growth for the long term. We'll continue to execute K-C Strategy 2022, and we'll invest in our business for the future. This includes investments in innovation, commercial capabilities and technology.
Importantly, I also want to emphasize that we are acutely aware of the impact that this pandemic continues to have on our employees, our consumers and our partners and the world. We will continue to prioritize the health and safety of our people and all that interact with Kimberly-Clark.
Now with that, we'd like to address your questions.

Got it. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, a couple of things. I'll start with the outlook and I'll ask Maria to provide a little more color. But first of all, I'll just say, overall, my view on the outlook is it reflects certainly, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, significant changes in that external environment that we, here, view as being discrete issues and that really -- that we're managing and fully managing, I would say.
The 2 issues that we're talking about are, one, raw material inflation and then the consumer tissue demand changes, particularly in North America. And if you add it up, Lauren, year-on-year, if you add those 2, it's well over $3 of EPS on a year-over-year basis. So it's a pretty significant increase. Obviously, given that amount and given our outlook, we are covering a significant portion of that, but we can't practically cover all of that this year, all right?
And so what I would say is Part 1, our pricing implementation is largely on track and we expect to fully offset inflation over time, not all this year but over time. And then the North American consumer tissue volatility is COVID-driven, and I view that as more episodic in nature or temporary in nature, and I think the team is doing a very good job navigating it. But certainly, Lauren, it's a little tougher managing shortfalls in the category versus some of the gains that we went up against last year. And so those are, I think, 2 that I would say are discrete issues.
The big delta on the commodities, perhaps that's less visible to all of you, is the polymer resin side of the business, right? So you could see the -- you could track the eucalyptus prices which have kind of remained in the space that we've called. But what's really escalated is resin, which I think for the full year, our estimate, it will be up almost 100% at -- certainly at historic highs for us. And that should abate at some point, but I think it's -- initially, we thought that was going to come down some in the back half, but it looks like the highs are staying high longer. And so that does reflect some of the pricing that we've taken.
So overall, I think those are really the 2 big issues. I do really want to point out, Lauren, that our brands are fundamentally very healthy, and we continue to see really robust growth around the world in both organic and in share. And even we're really, really pleased with our North American personal care recovery, although we are a little light on share, I would say almost all of that is related to supply issues.
We still undershipped orders significantly in the quarter despite being positive on organic growth in the quarter. And so we feel good about where the business is and where our brand fundamentals are, and we're expecting a stronger Q3 in our personal care business. But maybe, Maria, do you want to add some color?

Yes, Dara, it's a great question. I would say yes and yes. I'm not trying to be flip. But I would say, one, generally, we've taken really broad-based pricing action globally, almost -- I wouldn't say all markets, but in nearly all key markets and pretty extensive. The price -- and the pricing ranges from mid-single digit to high single digit, in some cases, double digits, right? And so pretty extensive pricing.
Obviously, we couldn't recover all of that, given timing because we announced in March, generally implemented in June or in beginning of the third quarter, so we'll get a half year run on the pricing and then a full year as we get into next year. That said, commodities have continued to move. But even as we announced our pricing to our -- Part 2 of pricing is we remain committed to leveraging our revenue growth management capability. And there's a lot of other levers that we can pull beyond list to continue to manage pricing in our environment and we're committed to doing that. So that's Part 1.
I do think kind of given where we are, and I think it's normal and reasonable to expect that, we're also going to leverage our cost savings program. I mean we have a very strong program, as you're well aware, on force and we've kind of beefed that up over the course of the past year or so and we feel good about that. And so we'll continue to leverage that.
So overall, again, I think the answer is yes on both. The bigger thing, Dara, is we do recognize the impact of raw material inflation over time. In our categories, they tend to be a little more volatile. And we're -- a fundamental underpinning of our strategy is margin improvement. And so because of that, we believe we really have to, on an ongoing basis, offset the effect of inflation over time.

Yes. Look, we never take pricing actions lightly, and we know they can be stressful for both the retailer and our consumers and their shoppers. So we think hard about that. I will say, we believe our pricing actions globally are generally on track. And I think broadly, the retailer conversations, though never easy, I would say, have been largely constructive. And certainly, they understand what's happening in the cost environment and so we're working through that.
And then I think from an execution perspective, our teams have done a phenomenal job executing rapidly around the world. I would say in terms of other brands, I would say, generally, we've seen a lot of the other brands move in a similar direction. I wouldn't say identical, but directionally in that same place. But the execution of other brands and private label tends to vary market by market. And so some will lag a bit more, but I would say, generally, we feel like our pricing actions are on track.

Yes. So overall, the thing about it, and when I say our challenges are kind of discrete, the challenges, as I'll remind you, I'm sure you remember, Kevin, is like the inflation in North American tissue. In the balance of our markets, our businesses are performing very well and generally above plan. And so I would say maybe the thing I'll land with you is despite our near-term challenges, we're really focused on improving our long-term growth profile. We're really confident that our balanced sustainable approach to building brands is working and that the brand fundamentals globally are very healthy and that we're improving our market positions.
We were up in share in about -- by our tracking, about 2/3 of our market category combinations in the quarter and so we feel good about that. And the brands continue to respond well to strong investment. I mean we had multi-share point gains in infant child care across China, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand, in India, Indonesia, Eastern Europe, Argentina, Peru, pretty much double-digit growth in Brazil. So we feel good about the overall performance of the business. So because of that, we're really maintaining investment where that's working and where the businesses are on plan.
We have dialed back in some markets. You can assume, for example, in North American bath tissue, given that the fluctuation in the category, we have chosen to pull back a little bit on the spending. And we're going to continue to do that. We're going to operate with discipline. I think we talked about it in the prior quarters, but there is as much a mass component to our advertising program as there is a creative component, and we're pretty disciplined. It's kind of how we manage all of our consumer investments, whether that's trade or marketing. And so we're pretty disciplined on the ROI. And so our teams are reacting as you would probably hope that they would.
Maria, do you have anything to add there?

Yes. We're always looking at acquisition or M&A opportunities, right? And whether that means additions to the portfolio or subtractions to the portfolio. Certainly, you saw that last year with Softex, which continues to be a really exciting opportunity for us and that business is performing very, very well, by the way, up in the teens, up multiple share points in the quarter. So we're super excited about that.
Given where you are, I think we'll continue to look for opportunity to enhance the portfolio. And certainly, on both the plus, whether it's attractive markets or attractive categories. But also, we're going to continue to look hard at our performance of our existing categories and businesses that don't add to our overall growth profile or aren't going to be ongoingly accretive to our business, we're going to take a hard look at it. And so again, we manage capital with incredible rigor and discipline. And hopefully, that's what our investors will appreciate about our approach.

Okay. Yes, great question, Chris. And I'll try to unpack it and we can go back and forth on this a little bit. First, let me just say, I remain very confident in our North American tissue business. And we've got great brands performed very well last year. I do think we have given back some share this year. What happened last year when the category spiked, and at this point last year, I think the category was up about 30% or so. Consumers were looking for tissue and our customers were looking for tissue. And so our organization really moved aggressively to try to serve our customers and consumers at a point where we felt like they needed us the most. And so we really pulled out all the stops.
We probably did gain a little bit of share, particularly on a brand like Continental, where we had a little more availability than maybe some of the other brands in the marketplace. And so it looks like to us, while our share is down a bit this year, I do think it's kind of reverted maybe to the prior year levels to some degree. And we'll continue to go forward and earn our share growth over time on that business. But we feel like our brands are healthy, but we are navigating what I would say is like the most volatile part of the demand curve that we experienced last year. So the front half is where all the spikes in demand.
And so there were really 2 effects: there was the spike in consumer demand and then there was a corollary effect on retailer supply. And so maybe the 1 disconnect that you might not have visibility to the data are the category in the quarter in North America, and I'm talking back tissue specifically, was down 12% in consumption, okay? And then our shipments were down about 27%. And so the difference between the 12% and the 27% is really, for us, we estimate as retailer inventory changes.
And what happened last year on the inventory side was, I think exiting Q1 where there was the big spike, retailer inventories as a percent, if I index it to historical levels or 2019 levels, had dropped down to below 40% of what, I would say, the traditional turn inventory. And so retailers worked really hard to get back in the supply. And so by the end of the year or toward the back half of the year, they were well north of 100% of overall levels. And so as we entered into this year, our estimate would be retailer inventories were probably in the 130%, 140% range. And so that's dialed back in the first and second quarter this year. And so it explains kind of a big chunk of the delta here on demand.
Looking forward, again, I'll stand by it. I mean, I looked at this category for a long time and it's one of the biggest categories. Obviously, if you think about back tissue in particular, it's a very stable category. And so the logic for me is in a post-COVID world, I think there will be more people at home on an ongoing basis than there were pre-COVID. I don't think the office environment or the work environment is ever going back to 100% every day. And so logic would say consumption should be a little higher than the base level of '19.
Now year-to-date, we're below '19 levels for the category, but we think -- I would say logic would say that, that should kind of normalize over time. And I won't estimate whether that's at what point. But over the long term, this category has proven to be very stable. And our brands have proven very, very stable and very healthy.

All right, Christopher, we threw a lot at you and I threw a lot at you on tissue. I don't know if that answered all your questions or I'm happy to take a follow-up.

Yes, all right. And just -- I'm going to -- a disclaimer on my inventory, those are our estimates and so that's kind of how we look at it and think about it. I would say, close to historical levels. The caveat I'll say on, Chris, was we're not exactly sure and I'm not sure the retailer is exactly sure how they want to handle it at this point, right? And so I think kind of given the category volatility and on a retailer-by-retailer basis included, I think it's going to continue to bounce around a little bit, right?
And so because -- and the example I'll give you is we were building up the inventories, but there was another spike kind of in the fall period and then the winter period as well. And so I do think consumers largely understand that there is plenty of tissue availability. But that said, I've seen a lot of new things over the last 18 months. And so we won't be surprised if behaviors continue to shift around a little bit. So that's on the tissue side.
And the other part of it is, certainly, there was a consumer -- we think consumer pantry destocking as well. I will tell you, the team in North America has done a phenomenal job conducting research to try to estimate that. I will say it's probably as accurate as trying to estimate share from panel data, right? And so you're asking consumers how much they're carrying. And so -- but we do believe consumers are taking a lot of their stock out as they have more confidence that tissue is available, but that remains to be proven out. So that's on the tissue.
And then on the birth rate. Yes, our estimate for this year, first of all, it's probably down about mid-single -- low to mid-single digit. And that's probably a little worse than the last -- the prior 2 years. I think the prior couple of years were down about 1% to 2% depending on the year. And then given COVID, I think it feels like some families have decided to defer family formation and so kind of in that range.
I will say we feel really good about the recovery of our infant child care business and the fact that we're really recovering from a supply perspective. Our brand propositions, we feel very strongly about. And so we feel like in the third quarter, we should be back to being on track in our infant child care business. So...

Yes, there's a couple of different ways for me to answer that question. I'll say let me anchor it versus our original plan, our plan expectations for tissue at the beginning of the year. We walked in the year and just think back to December, Steve, where the vaccines were really not rolled out. And so our going-in was that the category would be lower than 2020 overall, but in some ways, probably a mid-single-digit decline, right? Because we thought at that point in time, consumers -- people would still be at home generally, right?
Now coming out of that, and as we entered our April update, it's clear that the vaccines rolled out much faster than anybody anticipated and mobility, the data that we track, show that we're returning to maybe 80% or 85% of historical levels. And so that was faster than we had anticipated. And so our expectations for the category, I'd say, were down a little bit further.
I think coming out of the second quarter, I would say our category expectations, which were up about 22% in bath last year, probably, we would say, are going to be down at least in the mid-teens or so -- mid- to high teens. And so overall, I think our expectations for the category are going to be worse than they were at the beginning of the year. That said, at that level, I would say that's still -- I still believe it should be above a base year of 2019, right, if you take the 2 years together.
That remains to be seen. It feels like a kind of sticking my neck out there call on that just because of what we experienced in the front half. But again, I'm working from logic that says there are likely to be more people at home than there were in 2019. And if people are home more often, then the consumption of at-home bath issue should be higher but that remains to be proven out.

Yes. On KCP, I wouldn't convey happy. I would say it's certainly proud of our team and how they respond to all these challenges. I'm cautiously optimistic about where that category is, and I do see some green shoots. I mean a couple of things kind of going on. Organic was up 2%, right, which is a sequential improvement versus where we were -- we've been for these past several quarters. That was predicated on really strong growth internationally, which had a really soft comp from a year ago.
But importantly, improvement in -- sequential improvement in the North American washroom business, which is a big business for us and really, really important. I wouldn't say it's taken off yet, but we are seeing the impact of more people returning to work, whether it's in the office environment or a factory environment. And so I think that's -- those are all positives there.
There are some offsets because we did grow significantly in our wipers and PPE or safety business last year due to additional COVID demand. That's probably cycling down a little bit this year and that's a bit of an offset. So we feel good about the KCP business. I think the team, even throughout last year, was working hard. I think somebody mentioned on the call last year around Jenn Air Dryer conversions, and we've got better offerings in our washroom business, great tal product's, great dispenser products. And so we are winning conversions. But I think I said on prior calls, we haven't seen the -- we won't see the share until the products flow through the dispensers. So what we feel good about what the team is doing and looking forward to -- I'm cautiously optimistic.

Well, that's really hard for me to generalize because I think it varies. I think certainly, there's a lot of markets that were less impacted by COVID, and I would say a lot of that is in Asia. Although I caution when I say that because it's starting to pop up again now more significantly, particularly in market -- big markets for us like Indonesia. So I think there is some aspect of resiliency.
But the other aspect is and maybe underlying is the strategy that we're on, which is to elevate the category and expand our markets. And I think the teams have really concentrated, particularly in infant and child care with the Huggies brand. Really great product offerings. I mean, I think the big thing that's happened over the last, I would say, 2 years is, globally, our teams on diapers have really aligned around kind of a set of consumer benefits that we're going to win on and really aligned on kind of the product technology platforms that are global platforms that they're launching.
For reference, we're up 4 share points in Australia, New Zealand in diapers. We're already, obviously, the market leaders there. But that diaper has specific lineage that's linked to our China diaper. I wouldn't say they're identical, but they're highly related, right? And so that's kind of the work that we've been on. We've taken share leadership positions in Argentina and Brazil. And again, the diaper there is related to the diaper that we're making in North America. They're not twins, but they're related, right?
And so I think, again, the teams are really focused on, I would say -- made a shift from product features to consumer benefits that we're focused on delivering. And I think that's really shown in the shares. And again, I'd say in China, we were up about 3 share points in the quarter as we were last quarter. I've mentioned 4 share points in Australia and New Zealand, 4 in Korea, 4 share points in Peru. So we're seeing pretty broad-based share gains.
But we feel like they're earned. We're certainly not promoting our way to those share gains because we don't really believe in renting share. I think it's basically great products, great digital execution and then really hard sales execution and great partnership with customers.

Yes. I will start, Jason. So Part 1 is we have announced pricing in consumer tissue in many markets, in most of our tissue markets around the world, including in North America. I wouldn't say we've taken it across every product line. And so Scott 1000 is kind of a key product that we have. And so that's one area.
Certainly, we did benefit, as you mentioned, from accrual differences at the end of last year. And the other thing that we benefited throughout last year was given the amount of demand in the marketplace, we reduced our promotional spending overall, right? And so we kind of earned maybe the same or higher volume levels without having to spend the trade. So that was a benefit last year that we are cycling this year, and so we are putting some investment back in trade.
For reference, I would say, the category promotional intensity in a market like North America, still below historical levels but moving its way back to what I would say are more normalized levels, and so we recognize the need to do that. The thing that I will tell you is I think your point is on, which is we've got to get better price realization. I will say we don't necessarily view the additional spending of trade to be a negative profit driver in the sense of, we've invested in a lot of tools and revenue management, and we expect our teams to be able to use those tools to drive volume and growth profitably. And so we're going to hold ourselves accountable to that. 
But with that, again, we recognize the need to get additional price realization, and there's many ways for us to do that in addition to the list pricing that we've taken. And there's also ways for us to do that through revenue management, through trade efficiency, price pack and other things that we'll continue to look at. I don't know, Maria, if you have anything...

Well, again, I think we've actioned generally our pricing in the marketplace. And so I would think that, hopefully, the duration of that gap would be shorter. Certainly, we didn't like the gap through the first half of this year. And so that's one part. Second, again, we're going to continue to review kind of all the levers that we have on revenue management and make sure that we make the appropriate adjustments to our plans on a market-by-market basis.

Yes. Great question, Andrea. Maybe the short answer for me is I don't know yet. I think for reference, we took about a high single-digit price increase across our personal care businesses and then some selective price increases, for example, on Scott tissue in North America. And I would say those went into effect at the end of June. And so it's a little early for us to gauge that.
If I go off the history though, I will say the last list price increase we took on these businesses actually in personal care was not listed, it was more count, okay? But that said, I would say the consumer elasticity at that point back in 2018 was probably, in my mind, a little lower than what we modeled in terms of elasticity. So what that implies, I think there's a couple of different factors. If I would say, more price sensitive factors would be that I think consumers are facing broader inflation in this environment across all categories, right, beyond consumer packaged goods. So that may be one factor, right, that makes it a little more challenging.
The other factor that I know talking to people in other industries is there have been reductions in other spending, consumer spending, which create a little more wallet for some of the more consumables, and so that's an offset. So for me, the answer is at this point, a little theoretical ambiguous. And so it remains to be seen, but we'll know as we work through this quarter.

Again, I don't see significant change, but again, it's still early for us to tell. Yes, I think you're right, Andrea, the dynamics in personal care were very different than tissue last year. And so there was a bit of a, I would say, consumer buy-in in the first quarter last year, but it was, I would say, a mid-single-digit kind of number, maybe mid- to high single digit, whereas the first quarter last year, consumer tissue was like up 30%. And so very, very different behavior.
And then we unwound that, almost all of that in Q2 of last year. And so I think the consumer -- the personal care North America behavior has perhaps been a little bit normalized. And again, I think the same thing holds from what I was talking about tissue, which is our pricing has been kind of in the market for about 3 weeks now. It's a little bit earlier for us to get a read. But again, I think we feel cautiously optimistic about it.

Yes. And maybe I'll go around the horn because it varies so much because of a couple of things, one -- probably the biggest one being COVID. I would say we were really positively encouraged by our performance across Latin America. I thought it was terrific performance in a really, really challenging COVID environment. I'm sure you're kind of reading all about it. But I mean, in a market like Brazil, our personal care organic was up over 20% behind volume and price, and we did take pretty significant pricing actions there.
Overall, we maintain our share there. We're already in the leadership position. And I think what's happening in Latin America broadly and why we're winning is the team is doing an excellent job adding value by premiumizing the category but also pivoting, in some ways, back and forth, even within the same year between value and premium. So the big thing is we have very strong leadership positions throughout Latin America. For example, in Argentina, we're the leaders in value tier and we're the leaders in premium tier, and we're the #1 brand overall.
And so the team, depending on kind of what's happening in the local environment, kind of makes the pivot as to what products they're going to maybe drive and emphasize a little harder. And certainly, I think in Latin America, maybe this year more than maybe even 2 years ago, value is very important. Consumers are stretching out their consumption. But we flow through a lot of our great product innovation to our value tier as well. And I think that's working. So that's kind of one set of things.
I would say China is different. Lauren, we're up 3 share points in the quarter. We're proud, at least for now, we're in the #1 share position, which we feel great about and we feel really great about our products. And so I think the consumer continues to really respond to product superiority and innovation. I will say the category conditions are pressurized because I don't know how much you're seeing, but the birth rates are coming down fairly significantly. And so we recognize that's going to be an issue for us to work through. But in the near term, our team feels great about their ability to grow the business, to grow share and work with the big e-commerce partners.
And then in some of the other markets, Eastern Europe, I mean, I think we are multiple share points up in almost every market across Eastern Europe, somewhere in the 1 to 7 points of share in the quarter. And again, I think great offering. They're all related. The China diaper, the U.S. diaper, the Brazil, they're kind of all related to each other and very good. And I think the teams are recognizing how to drive those. So I think it varies.
The one watch-out area that we're very kind of paying close attention to because of COVID is ASEAN, Indonesia, Vietnam, India as well. Again, those environments right now are really pressured with the pandemic. And so we're really keeping a close eye on that. So I don't know if I answered what you were looking for, if there's something else.

Yes. Sorry, my bad. I was a little unclear. China overall, personal care was up mid-single digit. Our diaper business was up double digits. But that said, I think your question still holds. Yes, there are expected to be some birth rate challenges in China, so it will slow down as a market. I still believe, and I think our team believes, there's still significant opportunity to premiumize our categories and we're still a low double-digit share. And so there's still plenty of share opportunity. That said, I do think there will be a slowdown on the diaper side of the business.
Our femcare business has been growing strong double digits. In the quarter, it was down a bit because we were cycling a promotion, a big promotion that we've decided to get out of this year. And so -- but we feel great about our femcare business. That's grown strong double digits for, I think, 3 or 4 years in a row now. And so we expect continued growth in China, although I think on the diaper side, the category will be challenged somewhat.
It also kind of points out our emphasis on diversifying our growth across developing and emerging markets. So one of the things I'm excited about, Jason, is I think we grew significantly in India. I don't know if I could -- I think 50% -- well, strong double digits in the quarter.
And I would say, Indonesia, I'm really glad we made the acquisition of Softex. It's a great business. I think the business is up in the teens. Even though they are cycling or working through some pretty good COVID challenges -- pretty significant COVID challenges, but it's a great business and a great team. And again, with Indonesia and India, I think the growth in those markets is going to be very significant for us over the next several years.

Okay. All right. Thank you all very much. We're certainly navigating some high volatility in external environment, but we're taking decisive action and we're continuing to improve our brand fundamentals to sustain long-term sustainable growth. All right. So for that, thank you.