Okay. Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everyone. 
I'm going to focus my comments on organic sales and our full year outlook. And let me start by saying I'm encouraged by our first quarter results. We're making strong progress realizing higher selling prices. We're launching innovations, investing in our brands and pursuing our growth priorities. And we're leveraging our strong financial discipline. As Maria just mentioned, we grew organic sales 3% in the first quarter, which is a good start to the year. Overall, our pricing initiatives are on track, and to date, the impact on our volumes has been reasonable.
Let me share some of the top line highlights for the quarter. Starting in developed markets, organic sales increased 1% in North America consumer products. In North American Personal Care, organic sales grew 3%. Volumes increased high single digits in adult care with benefits from innovations, increased brand investment and category growth. Volumes were up low single digits across our baby and child care portfolio. In the first quarter, we increased selling prices on Pull-Ups training pants and premium Huggies Diapers. Looking ahead, we have innovation on Poise pads coming this quarter and premium innovation on Huggies Diapers that are going to hit the market this summer.
In North American Consumer Tissue, organic sales were down 2% compared to a 5% increase last year that was driven by strong promotion activity. Net selling prices rose 7%. Our pricing plans are overall on track. We'll continue to monitor the impact on our volumes and competitive activity, but we remain focused and confident on realizing the benefits of the price increases. 
In North American K-C Professional, organic sales increased 1% driven by solid price realization. Turning to developed markets outside North America. Organic sales were up 1%. In South Korea, while our diaper business continues to be impacted by a lower birth rate, our other businesses are growing and offsetting that diaper category's softness. We also had solid performance in Western and Central Europe in K-C Professional.
In developing and emerging markets, organic sales rose 7% overall, and that included nearly 3 points of growth from Argentina, which is consistent with our 2019 plan. In terms of our key Personal Care businesses, in Brazil, organic sales rose about 15% compared to a mid-single-digit increase in the base period. Growth was driven by higher selling prices, while category volume remains sluggish.
In China, organic sales were down high single digits. Huggies Diapers continues to be impacted by competitor price reductions that started last year. Nonetheless, volumes on our premium care Huggies were up driven by strong product innovation. In feminine care, we continue to grow at double-digit rates driven by our innovation, trade-up strategies and supported by strong digital marketing.
In ASEAN, organic sales rose about 10% with the strength on Huggies Diapers in Vietnam. We're rolling out improved Huggies in most ASEAN markets this year.
In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased about 20%, with volumes and selling prices both up nicely. Our momentum in this region reflects the combination of excellent sales execution, winning product innovation backed by great marketing. We're launching further innovations on Huggies and Kotex this year. While diapers remain our biggest business in D&E, I'm pleased that, in the first quarter, we grew organic sales double digits in fem care, adult care and baby wipes. These businesses have strong growth opportunity, and we're making progress.
Now in terms of digital marketing, we're using digital on many of our brands to help us build one-to-one consumer relationships. Digital is improving our marketing ROI and helping us grow in markets like fem care in China and South Korea, diapers in Vietnam, and adult care in North America. To summarize our top line, I'm optimistic about our start to the year. We have more work to do, and we continue to operate in a competitive environment. However, that said, I'm encouraged with our progress thus far.
Now moving beyond sales, I'll just build briefly on Maria's comments about margins. While we need to make more progress, I'm encouraged that first quarter performance was above our full year 2018 levels. Turning to the outlook. As we mentioned in this morning's news release, we're confirming our previous outlook for 2019, which calls for 2% organic sales growth and adjusted earnings per share of $6.50 to $6.70. We're also maintaining the key planning assumptions we outlined in January.
Our first quarter results have improved our earnings profile somewhat compared to our initial view of the year. That said, we still believe it's more likely that earnings are going to be somewhat higher in the second half of the year compared to the first half. Our teams have a lot to execute over the next 9 months, and we're going to continue to closely watch the overall environment. While we work to achieve our 2019 targets, we'll continue to pursue the longer-term balanced and sustainable growth opportunities that are all part of our K-C Strategy 2022. So in summary, we're off to a solid start for the year. We're confirming our full year outlook. And we're confident in our ability to create shareholder value.
That concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'd be happy to take your questions.

Okay. Thanks, Lauren. Maybe I'll start with the last one. I'll probably -- not ready to share details on the launch this year. I will tell you, it's a premium Huggies Diaper, and that's kind of the general space, and it's consistent with our overall strategy in Personal Care overall but especially in diapers, which is we think there are opportunities for us to deliver improved benefits, especially on the dimensions of comfort, fit, protection and all the things that you would expect. I think in terms of -- the overall strategy really does highlight the need for more impactful innovation, and we are ramping up our efforts. And I know -- we just kicked off our K-C Strategy 2022 approach with our team earlier this -- or last quarter, rolled that out with our top executives. And then we're now deploying regional teams and cross-functional teams around the world to kind of get after it. I would tell you, though, that while we're just launching it now, we've been kind of working it for probably the past year or so. And so some of the things that you're seeing in market like some of the product launches or the launch we're talking about in North America this summer are a product of some of the teams working over the past year to accelerate some of this opportunity. So overall, big opportunity on innovation. 
I think with your question on natural organic, it is -- I'd say in North America right now, it's still probably a niche opportunity or smaller, 1- to 2-, 3-share-type opportunity and something that we're going to continue to look at. I think the question around small brands in big markets like North America is a really relevant question because we still keep tabs -- or Maria and I still keep tabs on the food side, and we know what some of the smaller brands have done there. And so I think, for us, there's a question about whether there's an opportunity for us there and there may be, but we're not ready to share details on that yet. We are doing a pretty good job on pursuing natural organic in our Korean business, which -- that's a market where I think is one of the most sensitive about chemicals and contaminants of any market in the world. And we've gotten a number of brands, and they're doing very, very well and more than just a couple share points.

Yes. Great question. Definitely. And I think that's the focus going forward, which is maybe -- I like your term, faster lift and shift. We say apply -- adopt and apply, but that's part of it. And I think you will see some of that natural product flow into the U.S., perhaps in fem care later this -- at some point. And then also, I think this diaper that we -- that I talked about that's coming out this summer in North America, it really is a joint Asia Pac-North America development and a feature kind of a little -- new way we're work -- trying to work, which is more collaboratively around the world.

Yes. So on your first point, we haven't started selling this product in yet with customers and -- which is why I'm not sharing that many details on it right now. I will tell you, though, we do have the collaborative discussions with most of our major retailers or all of our major retailers. And they're still very receptive to big brands and big innovation. They are pursuing some other opportunities. But I think we're working them -- with them as partners kind of leading these categories.

Well, I guess, maybe my near-term focus is on delivering the midterm objectives we outlined in January, right? And so -- and I do think maybe -- and this is maybe the company culture, which is we want to deliver consistent, predictable and positive earnings growth and sales growth, and so I think this quarter was a solid quarter for us, and we're encouraged by it, especially encouraged by the price realization and the margin improvement, but it's a step along the way. I will point out, Nik, though, I think a couple of bright spots for us in the quarter were we saw a broad improvement across a broad range of markets, all improving, U.S., Brazil, Central, Eastern Europe, ASEAN, U.K., Western Europe, India. So I think we got a lot of markets heading in the right direction, and so that's a good thing. And then obviously with the pricing being on track, that's obviously helping the shape of our P&L.

Yes. Probably, Ali, the biggest thing is maybe a bit of a lag on Personal Care North America. That's probably the biggest mover and driver that we have, which is we are doing most of our pricing on diapers through a PAC count change, and that started rolling through at the end of the first quarter, and it's still rolling through now. And so we had a big rollover. It took a little time for us to get that lined up, and so that's probably why you're not seeing as much price now. But that, we expect, will continue to improve as the year goes on.

Yes. I think the -- I think maybe the first point is with regard to Q1, we are cycling a pretty big set of events that we had in the plans last year. For reference, I think our volume was up almost 10% in tissue North America first quarter last year. And overall, organic was up over -- I think over 5%. And so we are cycling that. We took those promotions out of the plan this year, so it's not that there -- it's a timing difference. It's just out of the plan. And so I think the Q1 this year, therefore, in that effect, I would say right now, the elasticity effect is probably as we predicted. We have a separate promo change that is as predicted. And so overall, we're on. I think the one thing for us to watch out is, overall, I think the pricing is on track and the volume's in line with our expectations to-date. The one thing we are keeping our eye on is I think some of the other private labels or some of the smaller brands have not -- we haven't seen the price move up yet. And so it's a little sticky on the upswing, so we're keeping our eye on that. We'll be ready to adjust our plans as necessary to make sure that we protect our share long term.

Yes. Bonnie, maybe I'll start, and maybe Maria can chime in. But we're making solid progress, but we still have plenty of work to do to make sure that we have a strong 2019. So while we're encouraged with the start, there's a lot we have ahead of us. Well, I just said to Nik, we have broad improvement across a lot of markets. We're still on the early days of price. And as I mentioned to Ali just now, we are watching elasticity, and alignment effects are kind of in line with our expectations, maybe even actually slightly better in D&E, especially. The thing that we are watching, though, is price -- competitive pricing. It does seem to be a little sticky on the way up, and so we're keeping our eye on that. So I think I don't -- I wouldn't know that we're -- I think we're calling it down the middle, which is what we believe. And 2% for us is a reasonable number. We got 9 months to go. There's a lot of work ahead for all of our teams.

Yes. I think maybe a touch tilted to the back half, but I would say, overall, fairly balanced. Although I think the impact we're getting now is still from some of the benefits of innovation we launched last year. So we have an uptick, for example, in North American adult care where -- I think we're up high single digits in the quarter organically. That was on the backs of innovation that we launched last year with this discrete sizing, which has taken a little while to get traction in the marketplace, but it's getting that traction now. So I think we have a pretty robust innovation plan that's balanced across quarters. In terms of accretiveness, I don't have the exact number, but I think the strategy is to elevate our categories where that means premiumizing our categories by making it worth it. So a premium innovation. In general, we're aiming to move to higher price points, hopefully accretive.

Yes. Olivia, I think -- maybe a couple things, which is, one, overall, I'd say with a couple key brands, most notably in North America in adult care and in diapers, I think, increased levels of brand investment overall and brand support. And then more specifically, it is weighted to digital. And so some of the stuff that we're seeing and the reason why we're growing faster, perhaps, in nonmeasured channels is the strong digital investments that we're making in search. And that's paying strong returns from us -- for us and doing very, very well. We also have pretty good content now that we feel good about in terms of the messaging we're putting out there. And we're rolling out some new advertising on Cottonelle, which I think is being right now very, very effective. So overall, think we feel good about kind of where we are. We know we can do better still but looking forward to the progress.

Yes. I think's it's an overall mix. I think in Q1, maybe -- and I'll have an exact number, but I would say the vast majority of it is some form of pricing, straight pricing, whether it's list or pack count changes. But I think those are probably the big buckets for us right now. We're making progress, especially in North America, on trade efficiency, and we have some programs there. I don't know how much would show up in the P&L right now, but it's -- I know it's a big priority for the organization, and they're doing a good job with it.

Okay, Andrea. Maybe I'll start with Brazil. And first of all, the team is doing a great job down there, and we're experiencing strong growth in what I would characterize as a very challenging consumer environment. Our Personal Care organic volume was up, as we said, about 15%. Net selling prices were up double digits, and volume was up low single digits, Andrea. So I think we're not the final laws of gravity there or elasticity there. I think the market pricing overall is generally moving in the right direction. But I would say there's a handful of local competitors that are lagging a little bit. The better-than-expected volume performance, however, is really a result of maybe great commercial execution, which is strong sales execution, a great brand value proposition and good advertising, I would say, overall working together. And that's what the team is doing. And it's why building out commercial capability in our K-C Strategy 2022 is so important. There's a number of markets that look like they're defying the laws of elasticity, but really, it comes down to strong commercial execution, and Brazil is one of them.

Just to clarify, Andrea -- hey, Andrea, just to -- the volume was down low single digit. So our pricing was...

Pricing was up double digits, pretty strong double digits, and volume was down low single digit. But I would say way better than what the elasticity model would have said.

Yes. Steve, thanks for that question. Definitely, I think strength in nonmeasured channels. The -- overall, the mega category was up about 2 points in the quarter. Our share, overall, as Paul mentioned, was about flat. Huggies was up low single digits, and I think that's really been driven by a strong product performance. And as we were just talking about increased brand investment and brand support. Growth was especially strong in nonmeasured channels. And that for us is club and primarily e-comm and club. And as I was mentioning, we got a very strong digital program in e-commerce across all of our customers, and I think that's really working to good effect right now. So yes, we're encouraged by the progress in Personal Care. Pull-Ups is up high single digits as well. Our adult care business is up high single digits, and so it's moving in the right direction.

Yes. Well, I think, Steve, as I mentioned when we were together, I'm really excited about the growth opportunities the company has ahead of it. And that really for me, the 3 big strategies of what I call elevate the core, which is premiumizing our categories with value-added innovation or capturing the growth or leading the development of developing and emerging markets and then building this consumer-digital relationship, I think, are really kind of robust growth opportunities that are really, really good for us. I think to accelerate our progress, we've outlined a handful of capability areas that happen -- that have to do with innovation or doing better job on innovation, sales execution, our digital execution and also revenue growth management or pricing management. So those are 4 big plans. 
I would say, the -- one of the reasons why we're encouraged with our progress in Q1 is we're starting to build and improving in these 4 areas that we've -- that I just outlined on the commercial capability, and that's starting to play through. I mentioned Brazil where our 15% organic is driven by pricing, but it's also driven by strong execution. We're seeing the same across ASEAN where we've got good double-digit growth, price increasing but volume also going up. Central and Eastern Europe is doing the same thing. So I think, overall, it's putting all these pieces together for us, which is the core of the strategy. We're going to stay focused on delivering consistent growth.

Thanks, Steve.

Well, yes -- Steve, yes, I think maybe the second part first. I would say broadly across most markets demand improved versus where it was maybe last quarter. And so if you go through the markets, CE was up about strong double digits for us; ASEAN was up double digits; obviously, Brazil, we already mentioned; Argentina, obviously, a big number; India, up double digits as well; China fem care, up another strong robust double-digit quarter; China diapers, obviously, still down but I think improving sequentially behind our new product improvements. So I think across the broad array of markets improving. 
And I think in North America, again, improved commercial execution, there probably are some distribution changes here and there, and I think we've made some progress in some areas. But the other part of it is better product performance, and we have made improvements broadly across diapers, across adult care, both on Depend and Poise. Poise is just shipping this quarter. Our Cottonelle bath tissues, Scott Comfort Plus is all gaining increased consumer traction. So we're feeling good about kind of the innovation piece of the puzzle.

Yes. Yes. So overall, I think we feel good about where the markets are heading. We feel good about our commercial execution broadly across D&E. And I think most of the volume declines were related to price changes.

Yes. I think it's market by market, but I would say, it -- as a general rule of thumb, I would say the major branded competitors moved in line with us or some ahead of us. And then you have some stickiness in local competitors or some of the smaller players, and so we're keeping a sharp eye on that.

Yes. Thanks, Ali. Yes, I would say, in diapers, pricing is kind of down where it was last quarter. So overall for us, our premium Huggies is gaining traction behind the innovation that we talked about last quarter, and our fem care continues the really strong momentum. We're really not satisfied with our performance yet, but we're making progress. Our Personal Care organic sales were down high single digit, which is an improvement versus the prior quarter. The competitive activity on price remains elevated. It remains kind of where pricing has been. But I think, specifically, in my -- our team's view and my view is the consumers in that market are still looking for better solutions, and our improved Tier 5 and 6 diapers are gaining traction. They're up significantly in volume and up in value as well. And we'll be rolling out that technology that we've put into that across other tiers and other channels this year. So we're building for the long term, and I'm really feeling good about what the team is doing there.

Well, we're still seeing pricing suppressed. And then, we are getting wind of some additional product introductions. We don't have visibility on everything yet. But obviously, I think, products and technology still matters a lot in China. And that's what the consumer's looking for, and that's why you're seeing the responsiveness in the premium tiers.

Yes. The other note I'll make, Caroline, is that last quarter or at the end of fourth quarter of '18, we did have some additional expenses because of some distribution challenges. I think our team is making progress there, and we are improving.

Yes. Well, maybe the last one first, Caroline. We do, do a bit of private label right now. It's not a strategic part of our business, but it is -- in certain instances, we will produce some private label. We generally don't have the capacity of taking on as a big strategic bet, especially given the amount of capital we got to put into it. Generally, I think it's not necessarily a great return on our capital to invest in on that type of capacity. However, I will say we're monitoring it closely because in the -- especially in North America right now in bath tissue, I'll note that private label is up a bit, and pricing has not moved upwards yet on a lot of private label. And so we're keeping a sharp eye on that. We'll be able to adjust our plans, if necessary.

Yes. The most 2 premium tiers for us, Caroline, are a little bit more than half our total Huggies Diaper business.

All right. Well, we appreciate everyone's questions today. And we will speak with you next quarter. Thank you very much, and have a great day. Bye.