Okay. Thanks, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying we made excellent progress in the second quarter. We're executing our 2019 plan well with a strong focus on price realization to improve our margins. We're launching innovations, investing more in our brands and pursuing growth priorities for longer-term success. We're also continuing to return significant cash to shareholders.
As Maria just mentioned, we delivered 5% organic sales growth in the second quarter. And while that compares to a soft year ago, this was our best performance in over 3 years. Our pricing initiatives are on track. Our volumes are ahead of expectations, both in terms of the impact from price increases and from our growth initiatives. We also continue to improve mix, which was up 1 point for the second consecutive quarter. 
Let me share some of the top line highlights, starting in North America. Organic sales in consumer products increased 5% compared to a 2-point decline last year. Year-to-date, organic sales were up 3%, which is likely a better reflection of our ongoing performance. Growth in the quarter was driven by 4% higher selling prices. Our pricing plans are on track. Volumes in North America were up slightly overall. Adult care volumes were up high single digits, and we've recently launched innovations on both Poise and Depend to keep that momentum going. Earlier this month, we launched Huggies Special Delivery, our new super-premium diaper. Special Delivery uses the best of our technology from around the world. This is our softest diaper. It's made with plant-based materials and provides ultimate skin comfort. It's also premium priced and a great example of our elevate the core strategy in action. In North American consumer, K-C Professional organic sales increased 2% driven by disciplined execution of our pricing initiatives. 
Turning to developing and emerging markets. Organic sales rose 9%, and that included 3.5 points of growth from Argentina, which is consistent with our plan. In terms of our key personal care businesses, in Brazil, organic sales were up double digits driven by higher selling prices. While category volumes remain sluggish, we're driving strong growth through disciplined market execution and focused expansion efforts in baby wipes and adult care. In China, organic sales were up double digits compared to a soft performance last year. In diapers, our net price realization was helped by reduced and more targeted promotional spending. While Huggies total volumes were down, the product innovations we've launched are delivering growth in the premium end of our lineup and improving mix significantly. In femcare, we had another strong quarter, and we're on track to achieve 20%-plus organic growth for the third consecutive year. In ASEAN, organic sales rose about 10% with continued volume strength on Huggies Diapers in Vietnam. In Eastern Europe, organic sales increased about 20% driven by double-digit volume growth and positive pricing. Our momentum on both Huggies and Kotex reflects excellent sales execution, winning product innovation and great marketing. Finally, in developed markets outside North America, organic sales were up 1% with solid performance in South Korea and Australia. Beyond sales, I'm very encouraged with the margin improvement we've delivered while investing more in our business.
Now turning to the full year. We're raising our outlook on both the top and bottom line. On the top line, we're increasing our organic sales outlook to 3%, and that's 1 point higher than our original plan and driven by stronger volumes. On the bottom line, we're now targeting adjusted earnings per share of $6.65 to $6.80, and that compares favorably to our prior outlook of $6.50 to $6.70. Our updated outlook reflects strong execution, the improving commodity environment and higher reinvestment levels. We're encouraged that the commodity outlook has gotten better, and that's especially true for pulp, which has retreated from all-time high levels, although costs remain elevated from a longer-term perspective. We aren't expecting a significant increase in market promotion activity despite the improved commodity environment, but we'll continue to closely monitor competitive activity.
We're increasing growth investments in our brands and commercial capabilities to position us better for the long-term success. Brand investments include more digital advertising. Digital continues to improve marketing ROI and help us grow in many parts of our businesses. We're also going to invest to improve our commercial capabilities, including revenue management, which is a focus of K-C Strategy 2022. Overall, we expect to bring some of the commodity benefits to the bottom line while also reinvesting more for top line growth. That's consistent with our balanced value-creation model we outlined in K-C Strategy 2022.
So in summary, we've made excellent progress in the first half. We're raising our full year outlook and investing more for the long term, and we're confident in our ability to create shareholder value. 
That concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'll be glad to take your questions.

Yes, yes. Ali, good point. I think I'd say overall in D&E, we're very encouraged, and we're making strong progress. That 9%, it's robust, and I'd say it's the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerating performance. If you go back to the third quarter of last year, I think we were up 3%, then 4%, 7% in the first quarter and then 9% this quarter. While Argentina is a chunk of that, about 3 -- a little over 3 points, we are seeing improved performance across many of the markets. And obviously, price/mix is a big piece of it, but we are seeing certainly less volume impact from pricing from some of the significant pricing we've taken, for example, in Brazil and Argentina, less volume impact than we originally expected. And then on the positive front, in other markets, I would say CE continues to grow at a strong double-digit rate. We're seeing ASEAN growth at double digits, and then China, obviously returning to growth, certainly aided by pricing, or maybe said a different way, some reductions in promotion spending in China. But we're seeing good volume growth in our premium tiers, and we're very encouraged by that progress.

Yes. Ali, great question. It's certainly -- I think one of the big things is the operating environment has improved, right? And I think that's significantly better than when we met maybe toward the end of the January. And I think the consumer demand is healthier than it was then, and I'd say our performance is better than it was then. One of the reasons why we're seeing less volume impact is not because elasticities are lower. In fact, as we do the analysis, the elasticities, these are pretty close to what we modeled. It is really more the market execution, and what we got is I think very strong innovation and new products coming out across, let's say, North America, particularly in personal care. We've got strong marketing in those markets as well, driving improvement consumption. I think the China business, I think is -- we're in China for the long haul, and I think the team really believes in innovation there, and I think the consumer is following. And so we are seeing strong growth in our premium tiers behind -- we think it's the best diaper in the marketplace right now. And so there's a lot going on there. And then if you look at Latin America, double-digit pricing with almost minimal volume impact. It's not because there's low losses. It's because there's really strong innovation, marketing and actually terrific sales execution.

Lauren, I think it's a combination of the factors I've just mentioned, which is I think the operating environment has improved in which I think the consumer can see the innovation of the product and the marketing and respond to it. And if you rewind a couple years ago, it's tough to see innovation and advertising when you're going against a buy 1, get 2 free, right? And so pouring advertising to a marketplace like that just is not effective, but I think where the team's -- and we always believe in elevating our categories or driving better product benefit by making the premium products worth it. And so I think we've got plenty of innovation across markets that I've just mentioned that's taken hold and getting the consumer's attention, and we're encouraged by that response. 
And then obviously, I think for all of us in CPG, we all know when you have good innovation, it allows your sales force to execute much more effectively and get the shelf space you need, drive the promotions you need, and all that kind of behavior flows with it. So I think -- I don't think there's a magic bullet there, but I would say I think we are more focused on -- in a disciplined way, building our capabilities, both in innovation and digital, which is the big space for us for marketing, sales execution and revenue management. Those are the big capability areas we've been focusing on, and we're making a lot of progress.

Yes. I mean I would -- Lauren, we're very bullish in our categories, both in the near term and long term, and I think that comes back to kind of the 2 of the core strategies that we have, which is -- in big developed markets, elevating the core or making -- premiumizing our categories by making the categories worth more to our consumers. And then, of course, we're still -- we're in the very early stages of development. So I think with the -- maybe the commodities have been a little lower than we expected at the beginning of the year. That does give us the flexibility. I think the -- when you add up the operating environment, which I think is more conducive to growth and consumer demand is healthier than we have seen maybe in the past year or so, I think that gives us the confidence to invest. The other part of it is and we've talked about this back in January, which is I think our -- with the innovation and the marketing initiatives and the sales initiatives working, it gives us more confidence to put more money behind that, and we're very excited about that.

You might be on mute. We can't hear you, Dara.

Yes. Dara, I think we only got the last part of it, so I'll try to answer, but maybe you can push me if I'm not kind of going the direction you were asking for. But I think it was related to pricing and what the environment looks like. Right now, I'd say, overall, our pricing initiatives overall across globally are on track. Maybe a little more focus on North America, they are also on track. Probably the big area for us was in North America consumer tissue. I think the pricing was up as we expected. The big difference was private label, in general, still has not moved, but we are still seeing good volume growth from our brands and probably a little bit in excess of what we had planned. I think the -- at this point, we had not seen an uptick in maybe competitive promotional pricing. Don't expect it, mostly because this is a multiyear issue for us, and we've had commodity inflation at record highs. It's still at a very high level. And so for us, we are not -- our plans don't have high promotion intensity. We're really focused on marketing the innovation that we have and driving the advertising. I'll pause there and maybe -- is that what you're looking for or something else?

Yes, yes. A little different there. I think what I said in our commentary that maybe the plus 3% was probably a better -- if you look at year-to-date, we're plus 3%. That's probably the best indication of where we think our business is right now. We did have a few differences. Certainly, non-measured for us is generally stronger than measured so that's an ongoing refrain and a good thing in some ways. Also, we had some spending changes that affected net revenue realization. Recognize we're still dialing back -- to your prior question, we're still dialing back our promotion intensity and so that affected it. And then we did have some minor retail inventory changes, but we have those in a lot of quarters. So...

Yes, yes. We're making progress on adult care, Wendy, up high-single digit. I think the category is up somewhere -- probably about mid-single digit in that range. And I think, really, it's about innovation and category messaging -- category-building messaging that's gaining traction for us. Definitely, our product enhancements that we launched last year are gaining traction, discreet sizing. We've got Fit-Flex on Depend that's going up now and then Poise Active, and those were all working pretty well for us. And then we've got strong brand investment and more messaging that's more category building. So I think those are the 2 things that are working in adult care. 
In femcare, it's a great category. We've got a great global franchise. We know we need to strengthen the performance of the brand in the U.S., and the team is focused on product enhancements and improving our messaging.

Yes. I think -- well, if you sit on this side of the phone, you have a memory like an elephant. And so like last year, I think our commodity inflation was $600 million -- $500 million or $600 million more than our plan. And so this year, it's a little more favorable but not even close to that. And so again, as I said, the commodity impact is a multiyear impact, and I think that's driving our behavior as we work to recover margins. And I think -- and right now, I think we're seeing in the retail environment, consumer demand is healthy. I think in this environment, consumers can be more responsive to innovation and marketing. And I think it's a bit more value added for us and our competitors to grow the category versus driving a doom cycle of promotion.

Yes. We're watching the private label pricing pretty closely. It hasn't moved, notably in consumer tissue or specifically in the back category or in diapers yet. I do think our brands are performing very well despite that, and I think that speaks to kind of the iconic nature of Scott 1000, our new advertising, and our product enhancements with Cottonelle. So we feel good about that direction, but it's something that we've got to keep a sharp eye on. Obviously, we're a volume-sensitive business. And so while we may fine-tune our promotional plans to make sure we get the volumes that we need, we're going to manage this category -- our role in the category very responsibly.

Yes. Okay. China, our biggest short-term opportunity, our biggest long-term opportunity. And I think we're -- I think the team is working in the right direction, which is making the investment in innovation. And we feel like we have the best diaper in the market right now. Organic was up double digits with big contributions from both diapers and femcare. In diapers, we launched a breakthrough, what we call our 5D diaper toward the end of last -- middle of last year. And we think that's the best in the market and that's really fueling the gains. We're up significantly in the premium tiers, still down a bit in the value tiers, but we're managing through that. Some of that is conscious because we've chosen to dial back the promotional price points -- or raise our promotional price points and so that drove some of the net price realization that we had in the category. But I would say we're growing in the tiers that are very important to us, which is premium, and still declining a little bit in the value tiers.

Yes. Good point, Cody. I think we are very pleased with the balanced nature of the growth in North America personal care. I think organic was up 6%, and that was balanced between being up 3% in price and 3% in volume for us, and that really reflects, in our minds, strong product innovation and really strong end market execution. In diapers, we just launched -- we got a great innovation coming out, and we just launched Huggies Special Delivery, which is going to deliver ultimate skin comfort, and it's got a lot of features. And if you'll indulge me, our softest diaper delivers really trusted protection. It's got plant-based materials, free of parabens and other harsh chemicals and hypoallergenic for baby skin. So it's got great product, great designs and packaging, and it's priced at a significant premium. And Cody, that's been a -- it's really a good indicator or a good example of our elevate the core strategy in action, so we're excited about that. 
In adult care, likewise, we've got, as I just mentioned earlier, a number of product enhancements in Depend and Poise, and those are both working -- those were all working well in the market.

Yes. Cody, it's a couple of things. One, certainly, outlook had a piece of it, but it's also -- given the robustness of consumer demand and I think the improving conditions in the operating environment gives us the confidence to invest. And then that said, some of the early returns from our innovation and our marketing thus far to date, I think, gives us more confidence to invest further. So the big areas, I think Maria mentioned digital is one big area for us. That's working effectively for us in a lot of areas. It has strong ROIs. It's driving lots of parts of our business, what we would call direct digital marketing in North America personal care and tissue, China fem, diapers in Russia. I think we've got multiple markets. And then from a capability perspective, we're also investing in people, process and tools to accelerate some of the capabilities I outlined, including our end market execution and our revenue growth management initiatives.

Yes. Okay. And Andrea, and then on China, I will tell you is we're really encouraged by the progress the team is taking, their strategies to elevate the category by driving sustainable long-term growth. And I think -- do we believe it's sustainable? I think that's our intent, and the way we're doing that is through product innovation that seems to be working very effectively in the marketplace. We've got a diaper that we launched toward the end of last year -- middle of last year, the 5D diaper that's soft and flexible, breathable, as much as any product out there, except that the differences in the marketplace and while it's winning is it protects better than the other products in the category. At least that's our perspective. And so that's gaining traction in the premium tiers. But just to be clear, our volume in diapers was down in the quarter. It's just that it was growing significantly in the premium side of the business. That said, organic was up because of the volume differences and also because some of that pricing changes. So I think the business is headed in the right direction. We think the work that we are doing is to drive long-term sustainable growth.

Yes. On the brand investment, I think maybe the overall sale of -- I think it has been working, and that's a piece of the reason why it gives us the confidence to increase the investment in the back half. The example I'll give you maybe is if you talk about Brazil, pricing is up in the teens. Volume is essentially a little bit less than flat. And so while our assessment is the elasticity has taken hold, but we've got a lot of other things going on that make that volume better than what the elasticity would have modeled, which is innovation. We've got growth initiatives on adult care and baby wipes that's getting very, very strong growth and marketing behind those initiatives and then increased advertising spend or improved advertising on the diaper products. So I think just kind of one example, but I think we have seen that, and it's part of the reason why we have more confidence to spend more.

Yes. Special Delivery, we're very excited about that. Yes, you could definitely see some different hands on the business, very -- maybe a contemporary look and feel. We've got a great, young team on it that's kind of attuned -- in tune with the, I think, millennial mom and very well tested. The technology is terrific. It's a showcase of, I'd say, maybe an enhanced approach from us, which is a partnership globally from a technology perspective. I mean it takes the best of what we've been doing in North America, China, Korea and Latin America. And the team worked together to launch this product, and we're very excited about all the features it has, which is softness, skin protection, plant-based liner, a lot of free-froms that make it more attractive to the consumer and then obviously the standout designs. Olivia?

Yes. There's probably a little bit of pipeline. It's still a relatively -- we're still relatively early, so I wouldn't say the pipeline was huge in the quarter. But retailer response has been very, very positive. I think they're very excited about, obviously, the look and the product quality, and so we've got big expectations for Special Delivery. We're excited about it.

Yes. I mean great question, Steve. And obviously, I think, as I mentioned earlier, I think what's changed over the past 6 months or so is the category conditions make investment, I think, more worthwhile or more productive, and we're seeing some of that across multiple markets. Most of the current investment that we're talking about for the second half is going into digital and capability building around revenue growth management and sales execution, so those are the near-term focus areas. But we do believe we have great opportunity to enhance our investment in categories, let's say, adult care globally, baby wipes and then in markets like India and so working through those as a team and think we've got a lot of good opportunities to invest in to accelerate growth.

Thanks, Steve.

Yes. I mean I think, by our math, we're somewhere between -- flowing through between 1/3 to 1/2. But again, I think part of it is the market opportunity. And we think if the conditions are good for us, then best of brands are responding, and it's going to be productive for the long-term health of the business and so that's why we're doing that. Some of the comp stuff is more formulaic. Last year, we were cutting comp. And this year, it's just the math formula that it goes back up. So -- but really, the focus for us is about brand reinvestment, both, as Maria said, in products in the digital or in the marketing spending and then in some of the capability build.

Yes. Very solid growth. I think in Brazil, double-digit growth overall. Net selling price and mix were up in the teens. Volume was about -- down slightly, I would say, almost even. Overall, in Brazil, I think the market price has generally moved, although some local competitors have been lagging. The better expected -- than expected volume performance really is related to great execution. And when I say execution, it is the whole ball of wax, meaning it's the innovation, it's the marketing and then it's selling. And all those things are working well for us. In addition, I think in a market like Brazil or Latin America more broadly, we've got very developed plans to expand kind of the categories in adult care and wipes, and that's paying off this year. Argentina, I guess I would say high double-digit organic growth. The volume decline was in the, I think, mid-single-digit level, so you could -- again, you could chalk it up to the same thing, which is I think the consumer has kind of reset their expectations for price but also very strong in-market execution of the teams that kind of reduced the volume impact than you would have expected from that level of pricing. So Latin America, very strong performance from a revenue perspective. 
Central and Eastern Europe, up almost 20% or a little bit over 20%. Very strong performance in Ukraine and CIS. Russia continues to grow at a very good pace for us, although I will tell you our share is a little bit more under pressure there than we've experienced over the prior couple of years. But the formula there is also the same thing as it will be a refrain: innovation, marketing and great in-market execution. ASEAN, up double digits. So we're feeling good about most of our D&E markets.

Yes. Carol, interesting, yes. I was saying we've got some new hands on the business. I think the team is attuned with kind of what millennial mom is looking for. The black packaging kind of is striking off the shelf. I will tell you we've gotten strong retail response to it. It is the first black packaging in the category and for us in the diaper category. Obviously, we've been black for a while in the femcare category. So I think it's -- so far, early returns would say, even though it's too early to really say, but it's doing its job, which is it's striking its shelf, and it's got a great shelf impression. And I would say, overall, a more contemporary look and feel, and I think we're trying to address millennial mom. And so far, it seems like it's heading in the right direction.

Yes. Still a decline, maybe a little less shocking than the numbers that you may recall. South Korea, I think a couple of years ago, it was a low double-digit decline. I think this year, it looks like maybe about a high single digit, so that's an improvement, but it's still down. And the driver in South Korea is slower family formation. I mean, in fact, marriages are still down. So I think that's South Korea. 
In North America, similar. Birth rate has improved, but it's still down about -- in 2018, our estimate is about -- down about 2%. And so I think in big developed markets, I think that's a trend that we have to deal with, and that's why you're seeing Huggies Special Delivery or some of the things we're trying to address. The big thing about Special Delivery is it sells at a significant premium to all the other products in the category. And the reason we feel good about that, and it's pretty well tested, it's got a lot of benefit that consumers are looking for. And that falls in line with the strategy we're really driving, which is elevate the core, which is you got to -- in big developed markets, the way to grow them is to drive premiumization, but the only way to make premiumization work is if you make products worth more and worth paying that premium for. And that's what we're trying to do.

I don't know that we're seeing anything different. I think that's an ongoing issue, Caroline, in the industry, but it's also one that those of us who've been around for a long time have been dealing with for a long time, and so we're used to this dynamic and managing through it. I will say, like most retailers that we deal with, they're mostly interested in driving growth. And so while they may not like pricing in some categories or some retailers, they do like growth. And so that's where we're focused on working with them and partnering on to find the right way to grow the category.

Yes. The biggest driver on KCP and I'd say another solid quarter for K-C Professional, organic overall was up 1%, and North America and developing and emerging markets were up 2%. The -- I think the biggest thing is we're leading price with our leadership position in KCP generally. Not all markets have followed, but we feel like this is the right move for us. And we recognize there's a little stickiness competitively, and there's going to be some volume impacts.

Yes. Well, we'll see if it's temporary, but it's something that we're prepared to kind of deal with as we work through the year.

Yes. Kevin, I'm really glad you raised that. That is one area we've got to really focus on. And if there's one part of the quarter that we need to improve on is our share results, and we're a little bit behind what our expectations are. Part of that is related toward meeting price or being first mover on price in a lot of our markets and categories, and so we were, in some ways, expecting some share impact due to that. However, it's also a big reason why we wanted to drive this reinvestment here to shore up our share positions and make sure we're healthy for the long term. I think we laid out on our K-C Strategy 2022 that we were going to deliver a balanced [ diagration ] plan, and we think that this is an example of that.

Yes. I don't think we would expect a significant change versus what we've told you earlier this year. I mean we like our categories. We still think there's a lot of growth potential in our categories, especially when you look at both our opportunity to elevate the categories and also to grow in D&E. However, we're going to continue to look at opportunities, and we do that consistently. We've got a -- it may not appear to be, but we've got a very active M&A and development team that is always looking at opportunities for us.

Maybe I'll pass for now, Kevin.