Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying I'm encouraged by our results and the progress we made in the first year of executing K-C Strategy 2022.
On the top line, organic sales were up 4% in '19, ahead of our original plan for 2% growth. Our teams maintained strong focus on price realization and executed their plans well throughout the year. As a result, pricing was up 4%, and that's the highest realization we've achieved in a decade, and it was necessary because of the multiyear inflation that we faced.
Our strategies to elevate our categories and drive trade up also helped us improve product mix by 1 point. While volumes were down 1%, that was better than our original expectation because of strong in-market execution, higher brand investment and less impact from price increases.
Beyond sales, we delivered broad-based margin improvements and above-plan earnings. We continue to leverage our financial and capital discipline as we achieve significant cost savings, improve ROIC and return significant cash to shareholders.
We also invested more in our brands and businesses in 2019. As Maria noted, we increased advertising spending by 60 basis points. Digital advertising is now about 2/3 of our working media mix, and it's helping us target consumers more effectively and deploy our campaigns more quickly. We're leveraging our digital expertise in more businesses around the world, and our marketing ROI is improving. Importantly, our digital strategy is helping us grow volumes in businesses like in femcare internationally, diapers in Eastern Europe and adult care in North America.
Now beyond advertising, we've also started to invest behind and focus more on improving our other commercial capabilities, including revenue management. We're taking a disciplined program management approach to this effort. This includes making sure we have the right tools, processes and resources so we can better leverage these growth capabilities. While it's still early days, we're making good progress, and I expect more going forward. All in all, our teams have made excellent progress in 2019, and I'm proud of their accomplishments.
Now I'll turn to our outlook for 2020. Our plan is consistent with our balanced approach to value creation, includes higher growth investments, and it aligns with our K-C Strategy 2022 financial objectives. On the top line, we're targeting organic sales growth of 2%, and that's consistent with our medium-term objective and similar to our expectation for category growth. We expect selling prices, product mix and volumes to all improve in 2020. Pricing should be weighted to the front half of the year, while volume growth will likely be more weighted to the back half. We expect the promotion environment to be competitive but remain broadly constructive. We will continue to increase our growth investment in 2020, and that includes investment in digital marketing, in our commercial capabilities and in our products as part of our innovation agenda.
In the first half, we will launch innovations in North America on Huggies Diapers and adult care, along Cottonelle bathroom tissue. In D&E, we have several upgrades coming in personal care in key markets such as China, Eastern Europe and Latin America. We're confident our growth investments and innovations will help us grow volume and improve product mix this year and improve share performance over time.
Our investments will start right away in the first quarter, while the benefits should build as the year progresses. We're targeting to grow adjusted operating profit 3% to 5%, and on average, that implies 50 basis points of operating margin expansion. Gross margin should increase more than that.
On the bottom line, we're targeting adjusted earnings per share of $7.10 to $7.35. At the midpoint, that represents growth of 5%, in line with our K-C Strategy 2022 objective. Finally, as Maria said, we expect to improve cash flow and return significant amounts of cash to shareholders.
So in summary, I'm encouraged by our progress in 2019 and our outlook for 2020. We're investing more in the business to drive long-term success, and we're confident in our ability to deliver balanced and sustainable growth and create shareholder value.
Now that concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'd be happy to take your questions.

Yes. Okay. Thanks, Lauren. Yes, I think there's a part -- maybe there's a small part of it I would say, hey, we had a tough couple of years, and so we had trimmed back a little bit of our A&CP. So part of that is restoring a bit of that. But the other part I would tell you is we feel really good about our stance on investment. And I think it really reflects, in our view, the quality that we have in our commercial programming for this year.
And also, I think the fact that the category conditions, we think, are very conducive to growth. And I think that's a big change versus when we talked this time last year where the -- we were uncertain about the marketplace, and we still were launching new innovations and new commercial programs. So we feel really good about that. I think consumer demand has been pretty darn resilient, and the competitive environment has been, we would say, broadly constructive. And so that makes the conditions pretty -- very good for growth.
And then the commercial programming, we've got great innovation that launched in 2019: in North America, in adult care; in China, in diapers. We've got great innovation coming this year across personal care in multiple markets that we're very excited to support. And so we feel good about that. So a big chunk of it is increased investment in the product and ongoing, and we have some good news coming.
And then importantly, I mentioned digital, which is about 2/3 of our overall advertising spend, is being very productive for us. And we feel really good about our campaigns and the content we have out there and our team's ability to manage it effectively at a higher ROI level. So that's the second area. And then commercial capability. And for us, I'll translate commercial capability that includes kind of the innovation process, it includes revenue growth management, it includes sales execution and then the digital aspect. And so all those areas, we're investing and building our capability there.

Yes. Thanks, Olivia. Yes. I think broadly, I'd say the pricing environment in 2019 was broadly constructive, and our expectation is for it to remain so in 2020. We do have some pricing in our plan. I would say a big chunk of that -- the majority of that is carryover from actions we took in 2019, right? And so you'll see most of that come through in the first half. And then we do have probably some pricing plan to address specific issues in specific markets where we've got some volatility in currencies or the economy. So that's that aspect.
I think in the overall, I'd say net pricing in 2019, I think, was ahead of plan, and the volume impact was less than plan. There were probably a few isolated hotspots, and there are probably a few isolated hotspots now. Our teams are staying close to those situations, and we're going to fine-tune our promotion plans as appropriate. But maybe the headline I would say is we're more focused on driving category growth and driving it the way that you would want us to do that by launching improved products and driving advertising. We'd rather, I think, earn our share and own our share through innovation and advertising instead of renting it through promotion. And so I think right now, our expectation is the environment should remain constructive.

Okay. Olivia, just to be clear, that was about China?

Yes. Okay. Yes. China, we're feeling very encouraged by our progress. We're up double digits behind really strong momentum on femcare and really, an improving trends in the diaper business. I'd say on the diaper side, really, what's driving our improvement is really good innovation that's gaining a lot of traction with consumers in the marketplace. It has been, to date, mostly launched in our premium tiers, so our Tier 5, 6, 7, and -- which is growing at a pretty good clip. I'd say we still have some issues on our lower tiers where we have -- still a little more softness there. We are expanding that innovation. We have more exciting innovation that we're launching this year, and we're rolling that out across this business in diapers. And so we feel really good about our position. The birth rate has been down a little bit '19 versus '18. We expect it to probably be flat to down a little bit in this year as well. But we still think there's plenty of develop -- market development opportunity in China. And we're still very early, I think, in the life cycle of our categories in China.

Yes. I mean the scenario that you paint or that possibility always exists. And I think the overall is we're going to remain competitive in the marketplace, and we'll be competitive on price. However, I think maybe the emphasis, Ali, for us is we feel really good about our innovation, and we feel really good about our commercial or our marketing programs. And so that's where we want to invest. And you may have covered categories that have commoditized. I've worked in categories that people have seen commoditized over time, and that's a dead end. And so for me, I think we want to take the high road and build our categories we have. If you -- our thesis is there's a lot of growth left in our categories in D&E and in elevating our categories in developed markets. But to do that, you need to bring innovation and you need to get the consumer a good reason to buy, which is by creating more value through our products. So that's where our focus is. We will be however competitive.
But the other factor on pricing, I'd say, is also if you look at it, we're still above our 2017 cost levels. And so we're still -- we still want our margins back to kind of where they are. We're not all the way back yet and to the extent that we would like them. And then the other side of it is that we are anticipating some pulp inflation in the back half of the year. So there's a lot of other factors going on. But our teams, I would say, have gotten sharper and more tuned with our revenue growth management capability to the market conditions. And so we'll stay close to it, but we're going to run the play, which is the high road play right now.

Yes. Ali, yes, I think we feel very good about our D&E performance. I know it slowed down sequentially a little bit in the fourth quarter. But if you look at the key markets, Brazil continues to do very well. We would say excellent performance in a tough market. China, I think the trends are improving. CEE is, as Maria pointed out, 20% growth on the year. So we feel good in our key markets. I think the big driver of the slowdown, if you look at the fourth quarter, was, one, we're starting to cycle pricing in some key markets in Latin America. For example, in Brazil, I think our pricing on the front half was up double digits. And so we're starting to cycle that. And the other part of it is, as we mentioned, we've got some softness due to some macro issues and competitive issues in what we would call South Latin America, which is Peru, Bolivia and Chile. And you're probably aware of what's going on there, but there's a lot of social unrest, which is actually affecting some of our categories. And so we're managing through that. We got a great team. They're very experienced in kind of working through this, and we've got very solid plans to address at least some of the competitive issues in those markets.

Yes. So again, I think it's as you postured, which is good growth out of those markets, and I think a continued growth and a little softness in what I would term our other Latin America was probably the big chunk of that. And it's actually probably a little more substantial when you add it all up than you might think.

Yes. I mean, well, I would say, we are planning for margin improvement over time. And I think there's a couple of different things. One, related to the restructuring, which gets us to better and more common assets across the world, especially in personal care, so that's going to be 1 factor. But the other piece is our strategy to elevate our categories. And so we are going to see -- we are expecting and planning for mix premiumization and innovation that's going to drive more positive mix and margin over time. A good example of that would be China. We feel great that we've delivered substantial product improvement. Our gross margins are at record levels with that product improvement. So that's kind of a win-win innovation in our minds.

Yes. I guess maybe the key thing for me is, in general, we're seeing a little increase in private label throughout '19. Pricing, particularly in tissue, has not moved up, right? And so maybe in some select pockets, but in general, has not moved up at the same levels that the brands have. So that's one factor. I really don't expect and wouldn't think it would make sense to overly promote private label, mostly because of the reason that you probably surmised, which is I don't believe consumers drive retail choice or their choice of retail outlet by -- because of private label. I think there's study after study that concludes that they make choices based on national brands, and they -- and that's what drives that behavior. And so I don't know that necessarily promoting on the private label side is a productive behavior. In fact, obviously, I have skin in the game here, but I would suggest that if they drive the right national brand strategy, I think that will help grow the retail business more effectively.

Yes. Well, I think, Kevin, again, I'd still point out that we still had inflation in 2019. Our costs are still higher than they were in 2017. And so this -- when we say this inflationary impact has been multiyear, our pricing hasn't even -- hasn't fully recovered that. It's actually far from fully recovering that. So that's kind of my view from my chair on the pricing. On the other side of that, I think you'll need to talk to the retailers to get their views. But my personal side would be our discussions with retailers tend to be around how are we going to grow the category, and that's what they're most interested in. As long as we've got the right plans with innovation and category support to drive category growth, that's really kind of where their focus is, and that's what our -- what most of our conversations are about these days.

Yes. The organic outlook is 2%, and that really reflects our expectation for both the category and then, obviously, our performance as we cycle the pricing. The volume in our plan is absolute growth. Again, we're expecting balanced growth from volume mix and still a little bit of pricing, Steve. The -- it's innovation. I probably would say that the flip on volume is not going to be as daunting as you might perceive because I would say our underlying volume performance in 2019 was very good. And what I mean by that is, obviously, if you're going to take pricing, you're going to have a negative volume effect in accordance to whatever you think your elasticity is. And so we saw that. But I do think we had really good underlying initiatives, whether they were driving distribution in new categories or new markets in different countries or launching innovation and increasing advertising. We saw the volumes come underlying that offset most of or some of the price elasticity effect and actually more than we had anticipated. So we think we've got very -- we had very good execution in 2019. And I don't think the effect in '19 was related to elasticity impacts were less than we expected. It was more related to execution of volume initiatives were better than we had expected. Did that help?

Bye.