Yes, I'll start and maybe Mike can build on. I mean, I would say broadly if you look at our advertising and promotion spend in the quarter, it's pretty similar to the full year average for 2017. So it's down a bit from the prior year second quarter. And the thing that you're maybe not able to see is we are cutting nonworking pretty substantially and reinvesting those savings. And so if we look at our plan for the year, embedded in our guidance is relatively flat marketing spend. So we're not cutting marketing spend broadly to make the number. Mike, maybe you want to build on that.

Yes. No, I'd say, we know we've got to show you. So it's been a while since we've had commodities costs at this kind of level. We were kind of going back through history. If you look at 2008, 2009, 2010, 2008 and 2010 both had commodity cost hits that were about in the range that we're in. I think in 2008, we took 2 price increases. 2009 was the recession, so we gave some of it back. 2010, we took another round of price increases. We came out of it with higher margins than we started. So we -- it takes us a while to get price and so we do suffer during the period of time while we're getting that embedded in the market, but we feel confident that with the commodity cost hit at this level that the cost structure for most of our competitors is similar and that there will be more broad scale price. But I don't know, Mike, if there's anything else you want to add to that one.

And so we're not leading it everywhere.

Yes, I'll let Mike elaborate on that. I would say it's probably fair to say that it may take a bit longer to get price, particularly if we're going to take price through either package count or sheet count. There is some supply chain implications to that, doing it in the middle of a big restructuring, we probably had some other people focused on other things. But it's probably takes us a bit longer to get price in the market. And typically, with your retailers you're 3 to 6 months out on promotion plans as well. And so I'd say, that's probably a fair push, but Mike maybe there's some other color you might want to add to that.

Well, I think it depends on the market. I'd say the thesis isn't wrong, although it hasn't changed all that much. I mean, baby care has always been an important category for our retailers for a long, long time. And so -- and they want to be competitive. And I think our customers, they understand industry price changes when the commodity costs shift. They just want to be advantaged somehow. And so that's what we have to work with as we implement it. The good news is as you look at private-label shares in Personal Care broadly, they haven't moved very much. And so the -- in fact, if anything, they're down a tick in diapers, which is positive as we've driven innovation and that's helped us on the mix front a bit.

Yes. And so Olivia, the quality of the line wasn't very good, so I think I heard most of the question. It was really kind of questioning how do we get back to our long-term growth algorithm and when are you going to see signs of progress and what changes do we have to make to get there. Is that a good summary of the question?

Okay. So I'll start, but I'll let Mike pile on. And we've talked about some of the factors: the lower birth rate in some markets; some of the things that are going on in Latin America where we've seen kind of double-digit unit volume declines in places like Argentina have made the headwinds a little stiffer; places like Korea where the birth rate is down 9% and our second largest diaper market, obviously aren't helping. On the other hand, we do see the best for baby as a powerful instinct all over the world, which is driving more premium products in places like the U.S. and in places like China. And we've got a robust innovation pipeline that we're investing behind, and we'll use that across our portfolio to drive that. But Mike, maybe you can comment a little bit more on that.

So Bonnie, I'll start and I'll hand it over to Mike. I'd say, we typically don't load and customers really don't want to load tissue anyway. It's a very high cube. And so the strong promotional calendar in the first quarter that sold through. And then the second thing and Mike will give you a little more color, on the second quarter, whenever you do a desheet, you see negative volume and positive price. And so if your customers were ordering 100 cases before, it's got fewer sheets in it so you're going to show less volume and yes, there's some inventory decline in both the customer and consumer. We typically don't try to measure that or call that out, but it's not unusual to see some softer volume in a desheet or a down count environment. And so that's something just to watch for and know that it exists. It's not an elasticity issue. It's just a facts of life that there's fewer standard units in each case that we ship. And so as we look at Consumer Tissue for the first half, we're more or less on track with the plan. Our shares are stable, and we've had positive organic growth. But Mike, I don't know if there's anything else you'd add to that.

Yes, I'll start and then let Mike build. I mean, I guess if we gave you the impression it was business as usual, that was probably the wrong impression. And so -- and we typically run the business assuming we're not going to get much price in a relatively stable commodity environment and that we can compete on innovation and execution. In this kind of commodity cost environment, we're looking to get price in lots of places, and some places it takes longer than others. But looking at it through lots of different vehicles, whether that the price count, promotion, trying to pull all those levers. And so I'd say the team is heavily focused on that, while not trying to take their eye of the ball and executing the innovation plan and getting the right winning products in the marketplace.

Oops, we lost you, Lauren.
[Technical Difficulty]

Yes, we got you now.

Yes. I think maybe Mike or Paul can give you a little bit more detail. I think probably the only other big piece that you're missing is the rest of Latin America was relatively soft, and that was a trend from the first quarter. And there's some positive signs, and we could go through the litany of what's going on in the Caribbean with recovery from hurricane or in Central America with issues going on in Nicaragua or there's some political upheaval in some of those spots that are part of it. And other parts of it, there is a little bit more competitive activity, but that's probably the biggest one. And then the relative size of China is the other factor, is that that's a pretty, pretty big number. And the other ones aren't as big to offset it.

Yes, it's a good question, Lauren. You and I've been around long enough that you and I remember high single-digits.

And so when you go through a pulp price spike like this where it's $1,200 plus a ton, that business is going to take it and it takes a little while to get price, especially if we're going to do it through sheet count. And so the good news is that the low point is a lot higher than the prior cycle low points. And so what we're hopefully doing is shifting that range up over time by improving the mix, by improving the innovation, by improving the cost structure. And if we can continue to do that, I think we'll be in that hopefully mid-teens to upper teens across the cycle. And we were up in the 18 plus range not long ago. I think the good news was in this kind of commodity costs cycle, you look at the KCP margins at 19 plus, and that shows you what's possible in a tissue-heavy business. And you still see Personal Care hanging in at north of 20% in a fairly stiff commodity headwind. So we're -- we know we've got some work to do in tissue. We've got to get some revenue realization. There's obviously some cost savings that will come from the restructuring, and that's a focus for us as we go through the balance of the year and into next year.

Yes. That's a -- private-label shares have generally increased. And if you go back, I think we looked at some data from 2012 or something like that, and I think there it's up 5 or 6 points in towels in the U.S. Our share is flat, which, we don't have a huge towel share, so it's not like we've been the big donor. And bath shares I think are up 3 -- or up 5 in that period and I think we're down a point or 2. So if you looked at Europe, you generally see private-label shares up. So I think the thing that's probably changed for us is we maybe have a healthier portfolio. We went through the tissue restructuring since the last time that we talked. That helped exit some less-profitable business. And so we've continued to kind of work that part of the portfolio. We've mix-shifted more of our capacity in emerging markets especially, into the more premium tiers. And been choiceful about where we expand that business. And so I think we're trying to manage it to get growth where we can get profitable growth and to get margin where we should get margin. And overall, I'm not satisfied with where we are, but I'm pleased with the progress that we've made.

Yes. I'll start again and I'll let Mike build it. First of all, I don't think any of it's related to the tariff discussion. So all the products that we make and that we sell in China are, for the most part, made in China. There is a bit that we import from Korea, but there is -- we don't import or export anything out of the U.S. We also make all the products for the U.S. market in the U.S. market. So it's not a big issue, really, for either of those. On the competitive front, I think everybody thinks the other guy started the fight usually. But I would also say is when you have 1 competitor like us launching some big innovation, if you don't have any innovation, sometimes you compete on price. And so -- and China is a big growth opportunity for everybody and no one wants to get left behind. And so it's also a big e-commerce market, probably half of our business is in e-commerce. There is a little bit more price transparency there. And you also have the e-tailers competing with each other to try to win in this category. So that also can make the pricing a bit more competitive. And so as Mike said, I mean it's the biggest diaper category in the world. It's not our biggest diaper market yet, but it will be one day. And everybody else sees that as well. And we're up for the challenge, but it's going to be a volatile, exciting place to operate for a while.

And while we've had some price cutting, the prices in China are quite attractive relative to other markets as well.

Yes, that's a complex set of questions. I guess I would say we tend to look at our all-outlet share data, which includes e-commerce and club and the other things that aren't in Nielsen, and don't spend a lot of time slicing and dicing the Nielsen data. So I don't know that I'd necessarily be the correct person to answer that. I would say, broadly, I haven't seen any indication of slowdown in e-commerce trends. And so that continues to be a popular place for mom to want to shop. And as it relates to private label, broadly, we haven't seen much movement in private-label shares in our all-outlet data on diapers. And so while there has been some activity by some retailers in that space, it hasn't moved the needle overall at the consumer end, and you are seeing still some uptick in the super premium end of the segment, which has been a positive mix for us and others in the category. But Mike, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add to that?

Yes, and maybe I'll just pile onto that. Each member of our leadership team had responsibility for one of the functional areas as part of the restructuring program. So Mike did the customer and sales organization. Maria had finance and IP. I had R&E. So my goal was to come out of the restructuring with better R&E capability than we had going into it and the right people in the right place with the right capabilities to drive our business even faster with better innovation. And so we will spend a little bit less, but we will have better innovation capability when we have this fully bedded down.

Yes. We track innovation as part of our compensation goals. We look at 3-year rolling, and we look at year 1. And if you look at how we're tracking for our innovation goals this year, yes, we're on track with our year 1. So a lot of the innovation that we're going into the market we're supporting that the right level. We expect to deliver that. Some of the 3-year rolling looks a little behind in places like Argentina where the categories have declined dramatically. Or innovation that you launched obviously, the consumer doesn't have the money to buy it, you're going to underperform. But it's not far off track. And so I'd say broadly on the innovation front, we're hitting. We got to make sure we're getting the base volume at the right level.

Well, I mean number one, we're in the middle of a big restructuring. So we've got structural change going on at the company. And as you guys know, we've been good stewards of the portfolio over time, and I would expect that to continue. It's not something you look at every year, but we look at it from time to time. And in the meantime, we're focusing on executing the restructuring plan flawlessly and getting price in the market. And we've got plenty on our plate to handle for the near term anyway.

I wouldn't say unusually so, not particularly. I mean, we're kind of beating around the bush as to whether I'll comment on the Reuters story, and you know our answer will be no comment just because we don't comment on rumors, so.

It isn't as rigid as that. It's a periodic look at the portfolio. And I'd say broadly, we're pretty happy with the major segments that we're in, and I think we've got the right portfolio. That doesn't mean that we don't look to fine tune things from time to time.

Yes. I'd say e-commerce broadly is an important strategy, and I'll let Mike add some detail. I know some markets where we're ahead and some markets where we were behind and caught up. And there's other markets that we were a little behind and we're catching up. And you've got that across the business. There's other markets that haven't emerged yet, where we're monitoring and working with early adopter partners just to see how it's going to shake out. And so in the U.S. in particular, we were behind. We're catching up. I'd say we'd say still that's the case. Overall, I think our total share on e-commerce in the U.S. is about fair share. But it should be higher than fair share because there's less private label in e-commerce. But Mike, I don't know if there's anything else you want to add about what else you guys are doing specifically to drive it.

I think, broadly, we're trying to just be present where mom wants to shop, and it's not any more complicated than that.

Yes. So maybe I'll start with the private label question first and then we'll come back to the first question. And Mike, I guess, I'd say this, we typically are doing private label with very few people and doing it in areas where we think it advantages our overall relationship. And so to that extent, I think that would continue to be the lens that we'd look at it through to decide what the -- what we wanted to do from that standpoint. And I'd say that's probably the -- where you'd say you're going to go with it. Mike, I don't know if you want to come back to...?

And the other mix in China total is our femcare business was up strong double digits in the quarter. So that blunted some of the price and volume hit in diapers.

Well, once again, challenging environment, and you can count on us to do the best job we can of delivering results in a challenging environment. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks for dialing in today.