Thank you, Maria. Good morning, everyone. I really want to wish you and your family's good health and safety. 
I'll begin by commenting on how we're operating in the current environment, and then I'll turn to our results and the outlook. Now since the outbreak of COVID-19, Kimberly-Clark has taken decisive action to manage our business effectively through this crisis. Our key operating priorities remain as follows: first and foremost, we are focused on protecting the health and safety of our employees and our consumers; second, we're proactively managing our global supply chain to ensure supply of our essential products; and third, we're prudently managing the business through near-term volatility while continuing to strengthen the long-term health of Kimberly-Clark. 
I'm really proud of how our 40,000 employees are managing through the challenges we're facing every day. Our global supply chain organization, led by our frontline manufacturing employees, is doing an outstanding job keeping our supply chain rolling. We have not experienced material impact, even as we've had disruptions in several markets with elevated infection rates. Despite the tough environment, our teams continue to deliver strong cost savings and productivity improvements. 
While much of our attention has been on the near term, we are continuing to execute our longer-term strategies. Our teams pivoted rapidly to pursue new growth opportunities that have been created in the pandemic environment, and this includes opportunities to better meet consumer and end-user needs around health, wellness and protection, both in home and in the workplace. It also includes opportunities to accelerate e-commerce and digital as consumers change how they engage with our brands. 
Now I'd like to make a few comments about our results. As Maria mentioned, organic sales increased 4% in the quarter. In North American consumer products, organic sales were up 12%. Now within that, personal care rose 5%, and that was driven by ongoing momentum on premium-tier Huggies, child care and baby wipes. In North American consumer tissue, organic sales increased 22%. Category demand was strong, reflecting increased at-home consumption and some continued consumer stock-up in bath tissue. Category growth moderated in the latter part of the quarter. Shipments exceeded category demand, especially in bath tissue, as we work 24/7 to restore customer inventory levels. 
Turning to K-C Professional in North America. Organic sales declined 3%, and volumes fell 9%. This decline reflects the challenging environment. And I'll note that we experienced strong shipments early in the quarter, which included benefits from higher-than-normal customer orders in late March that were ultimately fulfilled in April. Now by product category, second quarter volumes were down about 20% in washroom, down double digits in safety. Now volume was up double digits in wipers and other products.
Moving to D&E markets. Sales were down 3% driven primarily by K-C Professional. Personal care organic sales in D&E were up 2%. Now in key personal care markets, organic sales were up mid-teens in China and up double digits in India. In Eastern Europe, organic sales were up slightly, although results were impacted by some destocking and the impact of economic lockdowns. In Latin America, organic sales fell low single digits despite favorable pricing in Argentina. Category demand in many D&E countries has been impacted by a drop in consumer purchasing power and government restrictions on social mobility and store operations. In developed markets, organic sales were up 3% driven by strong growth in consumer tissue. 
Now as you know, we're also very focused on improving our market positions, and we're making good progress. Overall, we're growing or maintaining market share in approximately 60% of our 80 category/country combinations that we track. In North American consumer products, market shares are up or even in 5 of 8 product categories. In D&E markets, shares were up in Eastern Europe, up or even in China and somewhat mixed in Latin America. In developed markets, shares were up in South Korea and the U.K. 
So to summarize our first half, I'm very encouraged by our progress. We're delivering strong financial results. We're strengthening our market positions, and we're managing through this crisis safely and effectively. 
Now I'll address the outlook. The duration and impact of COVID-19 on our business remains unclear, and there continues to be uncertainty in the environment. However, our visibility is improving, and we're restoring forward-looking guidance for 2020. Compared to our original plan, we're raising our outlook for both organic sales and earnings. We're also increasing growth investment, primarily in digital advertising. On the top line, we're targeting organic sales growth of 4% to 5%, which is above our original plan of 2%. And this increase reflects a combination of improved underlying brand performance and higher demand driven by COVID. 
A few additional thoughts about our second half organic outlook. We have good underlying momentum, and we'll continue to support our brands with strong advertising and innovation. New innovation includes launches on Pull-Ups in North America and feminine care in Eastern Europe, Brazil and ASEAN. In addition, we expect bath tissue sales in North America will benefit from more people being at home and from our actions to improve customer inventory levels. We expect to continue facing challenging conditions in K-C Professional and in consumer categories in some D&E markets. We also expect to see additional consumer destocking in the second half. On the bottom line, our revised outlook is adjusted earnings per share of $7.40 to $7.60. That's up 7% to 10% year-on-year compared to our original plan of $7.10 to $7.35. While we're increasing our outlook, we'll also invest more in our brands and capabilities. We temporarily paused some investment in the second quarter and now plan to restore and further increase investment this year. We're doing this to fuel market share momentum and to better position us for sustainable long-term success. 
In conclusion, we remain very optimistic about our opportunities to generate long-term growth and create shareholder value. We'll continue to prioritize the health and safety of our people and our consumers. We're executing our strategies well, and we continue to operate our business with a balanced and sustainable approach.
Now that concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'd be happy to take your questions.

Dara, you may be on mute.

We got you.

Okay. Thanks, Dara. Yes, yes. A handful of questions. Let me lead off, and I'll ask Maria to jump in because I think she'll give you a little bit better context. But I will say, resuming the guidance, that definitely reflects our growing confidence in our ability to safely operate in this COVID environment. There are some big puts and takes certainly in demand. We see net favorable impact on demand overall, though. And that reflects the strong demand growth in North America, obviously in tissue, which happens to be one of our largest businesses. We are seeing some offsetting effects, both in KCP, and as I mentioned, some D&E markets outside of China. And I think that still remains to be seen. And at this point of year, I think we -- our range is still fairly wide, and that probably reflects, to some degree, some of the uncertainty that still exists out there. But on the overall it's -- we feel like demand should be, for us, overall, a net positive. 
On the investment side, definitely in the second half, our plan was tilted to increase investment in the second half or a little bit more investment in the second half. We feel very good about where our product quality is and where our marketing and communications programs are for consumers, and we feel very good about the underlying brand performance across -- globally in most markets. And so we really feel good about increasing our investment. The plan is for us -- we had a pretty significant uptick last year. I think it was about 60 bps in advertising increase, and our plan this year would be north of that. And that was our original plan, and we plan to meet that. But Maria, do you want to jump in there?

Yes. U.S., in particular, I think, Dara, I would say the same thing I said last quarter is that I think the market has broadly been constructive. And that's because, right now, especially, the focus is on supply, and we still are rebuilding inventories. I would say we've made progress on the personal care side. We are still catching up, and we're gaining on tissue. But we're -- our service levels still aren't where we want them to be, and our in-stock still isn't where we want it to be. And so we're still working through that, and so we're not promoting as much as we had in the past in this environment. I think, actually, the categories or other players in the market are not promoting as much either. 
I think just a couple of factoids. Volumes sold on promotion in the quarter for the category was down, depending on the category, somewhere between 25% and 50%. And so I think that does reflect the situation, and I think that makes sense and as -- makes sense for the business at this point.

Yes. I don't see it changing significantly in the balance of the year because of the supply situation. I mean I think I just said that we're making a little progress in improving our supply situation on tissue, but we still have a lot of work to do to catch up. And because of that, supply is still tight. And so I don't see, certainly from our end, a heavy promotional environment from our perspective.

Yes. Great question. Yes. Mix, overall, I think across both consumer, personal care and consumer tissue and in KCP, mix, generally, has been favorable for us across all markets. And it's -- part of the core strategy, which is elevate our categories being one. We have recently been more focused on premiumizing our categories with higher-margin products that serve the consumers better with better product features, and so we've driven that. And for reference, we've shifted our mix in Brazil diapers significantly. We were primarily -- a couple of years ago, primarily a value-tier brand. And we're at the precipice of being primarily a premium-tier brand at this point 2 years later.
And so now the caveat to that is with the shift in economic conditions, we've got to be able to pivot and meet the needs of our consumer. And so even the -- all of the team has focused on premiumizing or driving the premium tiers in Brazil for the last couple of years and made a lot of progress. They've shifted rapidly. And if you look at the quarter, I think Brazil, the category was down high single digits, mostly driven through macros, right? There's, as we mentioned in the remarks, less consumer purchasing power, literally less money for consumers to spend, and so they're really tightening up their household budgets. And so for us, we like having kind of a broad portfolio that we play in the value tier and the premium tier. And while our long-term strategy is drive premiumization, we want to be able to play both sides. And so we're pivoting accordingly and driving the value-tier business at this point. And so that's occurred in consumer tissue as well.  
Notably, our Cottonelle share was up almost a couple of points, I think, this quarter, and that has a positive effect on mix for us in some ways. If you look at diapers, obviously, our premium-tier diapers are little movers. Little Snugglers have been growing faster in our business. And then interestingly, in KCP, also a strong positive mix shift this quarter behind wipers, which tend to be a little bit higher margin for us.

Yes. So we were up slightly, right? And so -- and -- and so overall -- and I think this would apply to many of our D&E markets. I think our end market or underlying brand performance has been strong across D&E. But as we maybe highlighted in the last quarter, the unknown around COVID was the implications or what the impact was going to be on some of the market conditions. And what's happened in some of these D&E markets like Brazil and Russia is the government doesn't have programs like PPP in the U.S., and so the consumers don't have a backup plan or a subsidy when they're out of work or not going to work. And so it really batten down the hatches on their household spending pretty tightly, pretty quickly. And because of that, I would say we're pivoting our programming around which products we emphasize, but the underlying performance continued to be strong. For example, in Russia, which had a similar slowdown in the category, the category was down slightly. We were up, but we gained 3 share points, but there was a pretty big macro effect.

Yes. Great question. The -- we would like to get back to our longer-term targets over time. And I think one of the reasons we moved to kind of the medium-term targets originally was the categories had slowed down significantly. And obviously, in this environment, the category has ticked up again. And I think we're building the fundamentals and building our capability. And as we get more confident, both in our plans and the quality of our investments and our ability to invest, we would hope to get to a faster growth algorithm at some point in time. But right now, I think we're still -- we still believe the medium-term targets that we put out there are the right ones for us, and then we'll update those when we feel like it's appropriate.

Yes. I think it would be a combination of both. I think we would -- definitely when I see a little more from the category, more consistency over a longer period of time and also get more confidence in our own executions and our own plans. Paul and Maria, any other commentary there?

Yes, yes. I'll let maybe Maria comment further on kind of the details of the step-up. But we are planning a significant increase this year, just as we did last year. The -- Kevin, I don't -- we have not set internally a long-range target, but I -- in terms of what our overall A&P spending should be. But I would recognize, while historically, our advertising has been about average for the industry, it's been less than some of our direct competitors. And so we feel like there are 2 factors that we want to do, which is to accelerate growth, we feel like we need to fuel that with better products and better programming, both advertising and sales programs, to drive our business and market development programs. And at the same time, it's going to require more investment, and so we're doing that. Now we don't have a long-range target that's public, but I would say we would like to be north of where we are today and what we finish this year.

Yes, yes. I think -- let's see, Steve. I guess I would probably characterize them all as longer term in nature, but that includes advertising and brand building and capability investment. And both I classify as more long term -- more longer term in nature versus what I would say short term, hey, we're going to do a big buy one, get one free promotion, right? So it's less tactical in that sense and more long term in the sense of building equity over the long term. But now the caveat of that is a lot of the -- most of the advertising investment is in digital, and that does generate returns sooner. And now we can evaluate those real time, and that's one of the reasons why we do it. But that has both an equity-building component, and in some ways, a volume -- or short-term volume-driving component. And so I'd say a big chunk is, as Maria mentioned in her remarks, digital advertising.
We are investing a significant sum that will flow through to more of the overhead lines in capability building. And really, a couple of areas that we're investing aggressively in is what we've called a revenue growth management, which was going to help us with trade promotion efficiency and our price pack architectures and how we do pricing globally. And really, the notion here is as we're building the global capability, we have a global framework and approach to it. We need to have the right analytics around the world. We need to have the right talent, and we need to have the right tools. And so they're significant investments we're making to improve that capability there. Similarly on digital and our digital capability, not only in the spend, but what we're driving is what Alison would call performance marketing capability. And that requires the same things that I just highlighted in revenue growth management, which is analytics, talent and tools. And so those were some longer-term investments we're making.

Well, maybe I'll let -- I'll defer to Maria's judgment here, but I would say there's always some flexibility. Nothing's ever set in stone, unless we bought upfront everything, which, in our case, we haven't. And by definition, I think there's a lot more flexibility in digital in terms of how we go to market there. So Maria, any additional insights?

Yes. And Nik, I assume you're really asking as infection rates change around markets or locations?

Yes. Well, I'll talk maybe operations and then the economy. One, I will start with our operations, which I think the team has been doing a phenomenal job executing very well and with a really disciplined approach to COVID-19. Nik, we really have been prioritizing the safety of our employees in our plants. And we've had some sporadic outages. I will tell you, we're on the mode now is we're tracking the infection rates very closely to the lowest level possible. And in the U.S., that means by county is where we -- we make our decisions. We proactively closed plants for cleaning or make other decisions based on what those infection rates are. And so overall, as I mentioned earlier, I think we've become more confident in our ability to operate in an infection rate environment that fluctuates, and we've done that throughout this year, thus far. And so on that component, I think we've really escalated our safety procedures, and we feel good about that. 
I think from an economy perspective, again, we're still kind of working through kind of the changes. And I think we highlighted in Q1 that there were some question marks in developing and emerging markets how that would be affected. I think that has come to be realized, particularly in Latin America, where we're seeing a fairly high impact of COVID, plus in a lot of the markets down there, a lot of countries down there very strict government lockdowns on social mobility, and as I mentioned earlier, less money for consumers to spend. And so we're seeing a bigger impact.
I think we've made the call in our forecast, and we feel like we have it called right. But it is one of the reasons why we left the range a little bit wider because there still is some uncertainty there. But net-net, I would say, if you look at the U.S., we would expect and we mentioned in bath tissue probably would be modestly higher because of people being at home more often. And with the U.S. being our -- by far, our largest market, that's a net positive financially. And then we'll work through some of the challenges in some of the D&E markets, even though our underlying brand performance continues to be strong.

No, no. Overall, we feel very good. I mean I think we -- over time -- and I think we've made progress in our digital and e-commerce capability, e-commerce, in particular. We've got very highly developed businesses in Asia, particularly South Korea and China. The U.S., I think we've really strengthened over the last 5 years or so. 
I think when we started off, we're probably in the U.S. a little lighter or a little later to the party in baby and child care, but I think we've caught up, and I think we're at our fair share online now. And in tissue, we've been a little bit -- I think a little bit ahead. And so we feel very good about our overall positioning. The interesting areas are some of the D&E markets where, even 18 months ago, nobody was talking e-commerce in Brazil, and it was an infinitesimal part of our business. It's becoming fairly significant, and we're making a lot of progress at best. And the interesting thing is in the capability development we're talking about with this digital and e-commerce global capabilities, we really are applying lessons from our top markets like China or South Korea globally, and that's really having a big impact. For instance, one of the key strategies that Brazil is running is really adopted from our South Korea business.

Yes. Maybe I'll start with -- I think the KCP -- just to give you a little more texture. I think definitely, the business is impacted by the global slowdown, but the team is really pivoting aggressively to create healthier workplaces. And so the organic, overall, for the business globally was down 10%. North America was down 3%. And per your question, and I think I mentioned in my remarks that we had significant orders in March that we shipped in April. So that offsets. So I think the run rate is a little worse than 3%. And -- but there's a couple of factors. I mean, definitely, declines in the core washroom business, I mentioned globally, but I think the washroom business was down about 20%. Offices, industrial, travel and lodging, all significantly down and remains significantly down. We do see some pickup in health care, grocery and e-commerce that's offsetting that to some degree. And then also in K-C Professional, we are capturing growth. As I mentioned, wipers is up double digits, and so that's a positive one for us with a positive mix effect. And then we are expanding our mask offering. We had sold some co-pack masks, so we're -- we have a very small mask business, but we have begun self-manufacturing masks. We actually think we have great technology from a materials perspective. We're a large nonwovens producer, and we feel like our nonwovens fabrics are excellent materials for masks. And so we are producing some masks. Primarily, we started for internal production for our mills using our plants, but we are selling them externally now, and that will be a good part of our business going forward. So that's the KCP part. 
And again, I think your question on the consumer side. Again, in personal care, there was a pronounced stock-up in the first quarter, as you might recall, and we have double-digit growth across the categories. If you think about personal care like a diaper, there's no reason for a surge like that. And so subsequently, in Q2, we're seeing -- if you look at the Nielsen, some of that reverse out. And -- but I do think in personal care, overall, it'll level out to more normalized numbers, still probably positive, but more normalized.
In tissue, people at home are equals more use at home. And so we will see, I think, a fairly significant growth this year overall for the tissue categories. And we're up in all 3 tissue categories in North America, up double digits. And we think despite -- there's been a little softness in the last quarter, some reversals, but we still should see a higher overall consumption in tissue, both in North America and other developed markets, for the balance of the year. 
So I'll pause there. I think there were a couple of other questions there. If you could just remind me, Andrea, what else you want me to hit on.

Yes. Okay. Yes. So largely, I think we feel very good about our share performance, and we're making progress there. By the categories we track, and we track 80 country/category combinations, what we call in the cohorts, we're up or even in 60% of those. And in North America, we had 5 of 8. Within consumer tissue, we -- the way we tracked across all outlets, we're up in all brands with the lone exception of Scott -- or Scott bath tissue. And that was mostly driven by -- we're probably the most supply-constrained on Scott 1000. And so Cottonelle was up about 2 share points or almost 2 share points. Kleenex was up over a point. Kleenex, up, in many markets, up significantly. And so we feel good about the share performance overall. Importantly, in North America, Huggies was up 2 share points and so behind strong momentum on the premium side of the business. 
If I click around the world, strong share momentum in Central and Eastern Europe. As I mentioned earlier, category has slowed down because of consumer purchasing power. But across CEE, our shares were up significantly. In diapers, in Russia, we're up 3 share points; femcare, up a point. We were up about 2 points in the Ukraine and up about 2 points in Kazakhstan and growing -- still growing well across CIS. And so I think that we'll continue to make progress there. 
Importantly, in China, I think we are about even in share in diapers and up pretty significantly in feminine care. And the mix on diapers is really a tale of -- we're probably up almost 2 share points on the premium side of the business but offset by declines in value, which we're deemphasizing a little bit in China right now. So we feel good about the strategy in China and the progress we're making on the China business. And overall, in China, I think we were up strong double digits or mid-teens in the quarter on performance.  
The -- and then the other areas, as we mentioned, I think Brazil, I think we were up in one category -- even in one category and down in one category. And -- but overall, I think the story in Brazil is more about the category and the economy, and the team is holding up well and pivoting accordingly.
The other areas that we mentioned in the past, we are making pretty good progress in Peru. We've mentioned that's been an issue for us towards the second half of last year. We're making very strong progress with pretty significant share improvement -- sequential share improvement in our diaper business. But similar story to Brazil, the story is more the category there. The category was down about 10% in the quarter, which is the biggest drop, I think, perhaps in Peru in 30 years. And so -- which has been a strong growth category for us for a long time. And that's all related to COVID. And I see really strongly improving brand performance. 
So I know I just threw a lot at you. I'll pause there and ask if you have any other follow-ups here.

Yes. Well, I think from the capability perspective, we've got -- we've resourced teams. We've built out kind of an overall global approach, and we've got leaders kind of in each of the 4 kind of core commercial capabilities that we've talked about. They report through Alison Lewis, our Chief Growth Officer. And so we stood that up, and now we're in the process of making the right investments, as I mentioned, in the tools in adding talent, adding staff or people who know how to do this stuff cold and then in driving the analytics to help us to better decision-making.

I don't think we're ready to share that yet, but I'll pause and maybe I'll defer to Paul here.

Yes. I think we're -- on the personal care side, generally, I think we're -- at this point, we haven't caught all the way up, but we're getting closer, certainly closer than we are in tissue. I do think, though, the terms of competition in personal care are healthy at this point. In most markets, they have turned, I would say, to product quality and to advertising, notably in China, which I think had been very price-sensitive for maybe the prior 3 years or so. I think there was a return to maybe a healthier competitive dynamic in the category in the sense of bringing more innovation and meeting consumers' needs in that dimension. And I think -- and that's something that -- certainly our strategy, which is to take the high road, make better products and to bring more consumers into the category is kind of our focus versus trying to rent share. And so we're seeing that generally in most markets. Maybe there is a little bit of a competitive entry in Argentina and Brazil with some local competitors. But overall, I would say, generally, in North America, China, Central and Eastern Europe, I think it's been -- we've been competing on innovation and marketing, and I feel like that's healthy for the category.

Yes. I mean I think it is -- we do have significant investment plan. We feel like we have good opportunities to spend it on, as I mentioned, primarily digital advertising and then the capabilities that we talked about, revenue growth management and digital marketing. But I think for me, the other 2 things I'd mention is there's still a lot of uncertainty in our back half. Part of it related, as I mentioned in my remarks, related to KCP. And I would say because of the April -- or March, April North America impact, I would probably say there's probably still a little more slowdown that we would expect in KCP planning for. And then there's a lot -- still a lot of COVID-related uncertainty in developing and emerging markets where we just saw kind of the beginning of that in the second quarter. And so there's 2 -- really 2 impact aspects, which is there's definitely investment, but there's also -- we're -- in our plans, we're leaving ourselves some room to manage through some of the COVID-related issues that still exists that are still widely unknown.

Yes. Maybe I'll have the trend. And maybe Paul or Maria, if you could, the gross margin. I don't have that off the top of my head. But I think the trend, I would say, and given kind of the remarks we made, Wendy, would be probably slightly worse than what we had in the second quarter because of that -- the high orders that came at the end of March that were shipped in April. And so the run rate was probably a little -- a touch lower in North America than the 3% that we ended up in the quarter. That said -- so we'll have the core washroom business down double digits. We are making progress on our wipers, and as I mentioned, our new mask business. And so those will be offsets to the good.

Wendy, my apologies. I'll just -- I'll apologize. The 3 of us are in separate rooms because of COVID. So normally, if I started answering that, Paul would slap me with a ruler, but he's not able to do that right now.

I think that, one, the team is doing an outstanding job managing the costs. But also, they're doing an outstanding job pivoting to maybe what I think our -- Russ, our president of that division, would call kind of the essential to create healthier workplaces, right? It's now mission-critical to create a healthier workplace. And so the notion that wipers and masks will become a bigger piece of the business, it has a positive mix effect from a margin perspective.

Okay. Yes. I just want to thank everybody for dialing in and joining us today. We remain very optimistic about our opportunities to generate long-term growth and create shareholder value. Our K-C 2022 strategies are working, and we see more opportunity for us to elevate and expand our categories. So thank you.