Thanks, Stuart. Let me start quickly by summarizing our results in the third quarter, and then Jon and I will update you on some of our strategic focuses. 
Net earnings for the quarter totaled $453 million, up 82% from 2017. Our core homebuilding operation really produced. New orders for the quarter totaled 12,319 homes, up 62% from the prior year, with the dollar value of approximately $5.1 billion, representing a 73% increase from last year.
On a pro forma basis, new homeowners increased 11% from the prior year. We delivered 12,613 homes, which was up 66% from 2017. Revenues in the quarter totaled $5.7 billion, representing a 74% increase. We ended the third quarter with a sales backlog of 19,220 homes, with the dollar value of $8.4 billion up 88% and 105% respectively from 2017.
Our gross margin, excluding the backlog and construction in progress write-up, totaled 21.9%, which exceeded the topside of our guidance last quarter. 
Finally, our SG&A in the quarter was 8.6%. This marks an all-time third quarter low and a 60 basis point improvement from 2017. It also highlights the success of our CalAtlantic integration and the power of our increased local market scale and our operating leverage. With the CalAtlantic integration behind us, we are laser focused on 3 strategic areas: first, construction cost and operating efficiencies; second, land acquisition and development; and third, technology that improves our business.
On the construction front, we are leveraging our local market and national scale to be the low-cost producer. Jon will review our activities in this area, which also focus on adjustments to how we build and procure materials to lower our overall installed cost.
On the land front, we've continued to execute our soft pivot strategy with an emphasis on controlling more land versus a more cash-intensive land acquisition and development program. Today, approximately, 25% of our homesites are controlled via option contracts and similar arrangements. And our expectation is to increase this over the next several years to about 40%. This shift in land strategy will increase our returns and generate additional cash flow.
During the third quarter, we entered into strategic agreements with 3 of our long-standing, large regional developers to provide us access to their current land portfolios and exclusive access to the future residential land acquired and developed by these developers. Given our new leading local market scale and our ability to build through all of the land that these developers own and control, we were able to structure win-win programs with each of these 3 companies. While each deal is slightly different, they all allow us to, one, limit our land-related overhead cost as these companies have full operations that entitle, develop and acquire land; second, control the residential land entitled, acquired and developed by these regional developers; and third, and most importantly, receive the homesites developed by these companies on a just-in-time basis.
Our focus going forward is to align ourselves with proven regional developers that have the infrastructure and expertise to feed Lennar with a continuous stream of finished homesites. While we're at the early stages of reshaping our land program, these initial 3 developers provide great opportunity as they own and control approximately 55,000 homesites with more finished homesites to come as a result of the exclusive relationship -- relationships and agreements we have with these companies. In addition, we believe we can expand and execute this strategy with these developers in other markets and that this program can serve as a template with other proven regional developers across the country.
On the technology side and systems side, we are keenly focused on investing in or developing new technology that improves the operational efficiency of our business. On prior calls, Stuart has highlighted our investment in Opendoor and our intense focus on digital marketing, which allows us to reduce our customer acquisition costs. These initiatives have produced both incremental new sales and allowed us to increase our operating margins.
In the third quarter, our realtor spend decreased another 10 basis points to 2.3% of revenue from 2.4% in the second quarter of 2017. On a year-over-year basis, our realtor basis -- our realtor spend was down 30 basis points.
In addition, we are also focused on increasing the real-time flow of information to our operating teams. Jon has highlighted our dynamic pricing model in the past, and we are now rolling out real-time dashboards that allow our teams to seamlessly track key operating metrics which should increase our absorption pace and lower our overall SG&A expenses. We plan to continue these initiatives as we're just scratching the surface to unlock the many process improvements that will increase our bottom line profitability going forward. Now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

So Steve, it's Rick. At this point, we're not going to get into a lot of details associated with those agreements because they're confidential at this point. And -- but I can tell you there are no guarantees. These are very strategic, well-crafted structures that really guarantee us pipeline that these guys develop. And I can't go into a lot of the details at this point. As we move forward, we'll give you a little bit more color as to what the structure of the deals are. But it's confidential at this point. And for competitive reasons, I don't want to get into it.

Yes, and I guess, in addition to that, the soft pivot strategy has been going on for several quarters now. We have -- we mentioned on prior calls that as we utilize more third-party retail option-type structures that the gross margin associated with that is a much lower margin, but a higher IRR. So you're starting to see some of that kick in, in 2019. In addition, the deals that I outlined included with them a immediate position in the portfolio that these guys are developing. So it's not stuff that's just the future deals, it's their current pipeline. So that's why we put in about 25 bps of margin differential from where we were prior.

So let's just talk about the quarter. I think we saw sequential improvement month-to-month throughout the quarter. And when you're talking about whether it was organic or not organic, we're comparing to pro forma numbers. So organic -- it was all organic. With regard to the Q4 lowering of a couple hundred homes -- new order on the home side, that's a contribution of some homes having slipped because of the storm, the hurricane, into Q4 that we lost in Q3, but also some delay associated with the storm going forward. So it's -- I think we feel relatively positive about the market. As Stuart and Jon said, the market has paused a little bit, but we're seeing good, consistent and normalized demand.

Yes. Embedded in your question, you asked about the tax effect. And I think that as we look at the market right now and take it's temperature, I think that we would say that you're seeing more impact from just price and interest rate migration and adjustment to where the market has gone, than any discernible connection between a lack of demand or change in demand pattern relative to where tax rates have moved and any impact in California. We just haven't seen that yet, not in our price ranges.

So if you look at our other major markets, which are really Texas and Florida, I would tell you that we had strong performance in those markets. Texas was up significantly year-over-year. That was almost 20% in new orders as a whole state. If we look at Florida, the Florida markets continue to be robust. That said, there are -- in the Dallas market, at the higher end of the price points, that market has gotten a little bit softer. But really across the board, if you're sub-$300,000 in price point, it's a very strong market. And we saw continued strength in Florida. So pretty much across the board, other than on the West Coast, where there was a little bit of softness and since prices have increased dramatically, we feel that we're in a relatively normalized market right now.

Well, as you saw during the quarter, we really didn't increase incentives for Q3. We're very focused on converting our backlog into revenue as we do -- we're focused every quarter. And as we run the business, as we've talked about in the past, we are constantly balancing sales pace and margins through our dynamic pricing model that Jon has really led for the company.

Well, sort of on a general basis and there are some exceptions at the higher price points, it's gotten a little bit softer than the lower price points have been. And that's not unusual in a market that there's a lot of publicity as to what's going on in mortgage rates and price depreciation. Because the more affluent buyers time their purchase based on where they think the world is going. And so we think, as we said consistently, that this is just a market adjustment to a more normalized market from what was, really, a red-hot market in some of these markets. With regard to land and our land strategy, we have constantly said for the last year that we've been shifting a lot of our land and investment to the entry level on that first time move-up buyer, because it's the fad of the market. And our teams have been focused on making investments in that area.