Thanks, Stuart. As you can tell from Stuart's opening comments, the housing market is very strong. Our team is extremely well coordinated, and our financial results continue to benefit from a solid execution of our core operating strategies. Topping that list continues to be improving our returns on capital and generating increased cash flow. With that in mind, we have been laser-focused on increasing our percentage of option homesites and reducing our years supply of owned homesites.  
During fiscal 2019, we set a goal to have 40% of our homesites controlled via options and similar arrangements by the end of fiscal 2021. At that time, our controlled position was about 25%. We entered fiscal 2020 with 33% of our homesites controlled and ended this year at 39%, a 600 basis point improvement. 
On a nominal basis, this reflected an increase of over 15,000 option homesites during the year. This increase reflects the strength of our relationships with local developers and other strategic partners and their desire to work with us to increase our option position given our size and scale in our markets.  
In fiscal 2021, we expect to continue to expand on our existing relationships and enter into new regional and national land platforms to further enhance our land-light strategy. Based on this progress, we are in excellent position to achieve our revised goal of 50% controlled homesites by the end of fiscal 2021. During 2020, we also made significant progress on reducing our years owned supply of homesites by 4.1 years to 3.5 years. This represented a reduction of over 22,000 home sites.  
Based on this progress, we are on target to achieve our previously announced goal of a 3-year supply by the end of fiscal 2021. As expected, the combined impact of increasing our controlled position, reducing our own position and our strong profitability drove significant homebuilding cash flow. During 2020, we generated $3.8 billion of homebuilding cash flow, which enabled us to pay off $2.1 billion in debt, including prepaying all of our senior debt due in fiscal 2021. This drove a meaningful improvement in our balance sheet as we ended the year with $2.7 billion in cash, no borrowings under our $2.4 billion revolving credit facility and a homebuilding debt-to-capital and net debt-to-capital of 24.9% and 15.3%, respectively, both all-time lows.  
As we continue to execute on our land-light strategy and if we achieve our 2021 improved year-end goals, we are positioned to continue to generate significant cash flow.  
Now I'd like to spend a few moments talking about growth and community count. In fiscal 2020, our community count declined by 8%. This was driven by an accelerated pace of sales and deliveries in our active communities. A decision to get out of the lower absorption, higher price point and lesser performing communities we acquired from CalAtlantic and a delay in opening new communities as we pause development activities during the initial stage of the COVID-19 pandemic. Notwithstanding the 8% decline in community count, we achieved a 16% increase in new orders in the fourth quarter of 2020 driven by a 27% increase in sales per community. While part of that increase in absorption pace was driven by improved market conditions, part of it was due to the fact that we targeted acquiring larger, higher volume entry-level communities that can deliver more homes per month than smaller communities. As we continue into fiscal 2021, our growth will continue to come from a higher overall absorption pace as well as an increase in community count. In 2021, our community count should increase by about 10%, most of which will happen in the middle part of the year, which should put us in great shape for the back half of 2021 and provide continued growth for fiscal 2022. While we continue to be focused on increasing our community count, we are intensely focused on replacing our existing communities with larger, higher volume communities as this allows us to better leverage our overhead, improve our bottom line and increase our returns and our cash flow. 
Before I turn it over to Jon, I want to echo Stuart's comments and thank all of our associates and our trade partners for an excellent year. Through your hard work and collaboration, we accomplished many great things in 2020, and we are in excellent shape to execute on our core operating strategies in 2021. I'd like to turn it over to Jon now.

Yes. I'm not sure we're going to give a percent, Steve, but we did see like-for-like pricing throughout the quarter.

It was a gradual increase through the quarter, Steve.

So I'm not going to answer that, Stuart. That's a mouse trap. I guess, all I would say is as we continue to morph and execute on reducing the years owned and that gets into option, there's no doubt that, that is a significant generator of cash. And the unknowns, as Stuart has identified and as you have appropriately pointed out is as we build the level of inventory to ramp up to that 62,000 to 64,000 home delivery pace, that's a reinvestment of cash. And so there's a lot of moving pieces in here. And I'm sure Diane will give you more color on this in the follow-up call.

I think that if you look at where we started at over 4 and the transformation that we've had in a very short period of time, we're really enthusiastic about getting to 3. And we're just going to have to see how low we can get it. There's definitely a possibility to get it below 3. Definitely a possibility. But there's a balance because we have some markets, particularly the Western markets that in order to be a big, large player in those markets, you have to self-develop. So Jon has done a great job -- Jon and the team have done a great job in working through and creating some very unique structures to help us get there. And so I would just say stay tuned.

And I think our product strategy, our everything's included program makes it much easier for our customers to make a buy decision because they don't have to make any choices. And that's a big differentiator.

So I guess I'd say with regard to the overall gross margin guidance for the year and the trajectory through the year, I'd really like to start off by pointing out that there's a huge -- over 100 basis point year-over-year increase in the gross margin guidance. And there certainly are some  things that are impacting the margin as we work through it. One is lumber did increase pretty dramatically, and we're now in the throes of dealing with that, although we've done a great job in offsetting -- raising prices. 
The other driver is the overall increase in our option deliveries. By increasing the share of option versus controlled, we have the tendency to have a little bit lower margin -- gross margin on that because someone else is taking the risk of owning that land. And so I don't think you'll see quite as much drive throughout the year as we've seen in the past because of those 2 things.