Thanks, Stuart. In our last conference call, Jon and I detailed our integration plans and highlighted several integration priorities. I would like to update you on each of these areas. However, before I start, I want to thank all of our Lennar associates and trade partners for their hard work, collaboration and attention to detail during this process. 
From an integration standpoint, we are operating today as one company. To put it simply, we are Lennar and we are well ahead of schedule. From a technology and systems standpoint, we are extremely focused on having the entire company operating on one unified operating platform and are committed to completing this prior to the end of our fiscal year. We have completed the system migrations of 2 divisions and expect to complete 6 more divisions by the end of April. 
Full systems conversions is a top priority, as it will speed up all aspects of our business and accelerate our ability to reduce G&A to maximize our synergies. From a land acquisition standpoint, our regional presidents, division presidents and land acquisition teams have been extremely active in leveraging both preexisting and new relationships to enhance our go-forward land pipeline. 
In the first quarter, our land acquisition spend was approximately $500 million. As expected, given our increased local market scale, we have quickly become the go-to builder for almost every deal. We are testing the boundaries of this new relationship to explore some very interesting land acquisition programs and transaction structures. Lennar has always been recognized as a sophisticated land buyer with strong teams and deep relationships, and we are invigorated with our current market position and we'll update you on our progress in this vein. 
From a marketing and branding standpoint, our website integration was completed and live on Day 1. We ended the quarter with 1,344 active communities, which included 573 CalAtlantic communities. With the exception of a few closeout communities, we have changed signage to reflect the Lennar brand everywhere. From a product standpoint, as we did in the WCI integration, we have been culling through the home plans from both companies to identify the most efficient and bestselling plans. As you can imagine, some plans are more value-engineered, resulting in lower construction cost and faster cycle times. In addition, eliminating plans reduces G&A costs and saves our trades a lot of bidding time, which results in lower construction cost as well. Based on our review of the combined universe of plans, we will be reducing our plan count by approximately 1,250 plans. 
Transitioning from the CalAtlantic Design Center program to a more efficient production builder with an Everything's Included operating program has been our top priority. We have taken a very logical approach to this transition. In general, for those communities that will close out starts in 2018, we are continuing with the CalAtlantic legacy product. For those communities with starts extending into 2019 and all future communities, we are either converting to existing Lennar Everything's Included product or converting the CalAtlantic product to an Everything's Included program. 
So let me give you some color on the breakdown. We have 573 CalAtlantic communities. Approximately 200 of these communities will close out this year. Of the remaining, approximately 150 communities, 150 will be converted to Lennar product. In fact, we've already converted 100 communities and an additional 50 communities will be converted in the next few quarters. Of the remaining 223 communities, we will be converting those to CalAtlantic product to EI. 
At the end of the first quarter, we had converted and rebid approximately 15% of the CalAtlantic plans, and our goal is to have them all rebid and converted by the end of the fiscal year. So what does this really mean? It means we will build homes faster and cheaper. From a cycle time perspective depending on the product, this effort should reduce build times between 15 and 35 days. In addition, we will see G&A savings through the elimination of the CalAtlantic Design Centers. Jon will discuss the cost savings associated with this conversion. 
Finally, I want to touch briefly on our operations reviews. At the end of each quarter, we do a deep dive into every division. We reviewed the historical performance, detailed budgets, projections and 5-year land plans, among other things. These meetings are focused on setting a clear sense of direction and establishing firm goals. Jon and I have almost completed these meetings with 38 of our divisions, and we couldn't be more optimistic as to where we stand as a company. 
With all that said, I'd like to give a shout out to our Indianapolis division. This is a new market for us, run by a CalAtlantic division president, overseen by a CalAtlantic regional president. Stuart and I have spent the day with them last week and the review was impressive. More importantly, while this was a new player to our company, you couldn't tell that the division and the associates had been with us for years. They fully embrace the Lennar culture and all of our operating programs. 
Now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

So this is Rick. On the -- from a margin perspective, our guidance really includes the synergies. So as we move through this year, we'll be gravitating that to about 22% margin on the CalAtlantic product or the homesites coming from the transaction. And that should continue at that level through 2019 and the buildout of that entire portfolio.

Yes, that's correct. But as we underwrote the portfolio and went through the accounting as fair value, those are the assumptions that we took into place.

It's Rick. I'll take a stab, and I'll let the other guys jump in. I think you're just seeing a transitioning program. As I said in my remarks, there's a certain number of communities that were not transitioning to an EI product because their inventory that's just going to normally build out over the year. And with regard to those communities, it's very little that we can do to accelerate the sales pace or construction pace in those communities. For the ones that are getting converted from CalAtlantic legacy product to CalAtlantic -- or to Lennar-CalAtlantic EI product, you'll see a slight pickup this year in absorptions and construction pace. And then clearly, those that are getting converted to Lennar EI will see a faster absorption pace and faster cycle times. As we move into 2019, you'll start to see a more smooth level of the absorptions that are more consistent with the Lennar absorptions. Although some of the CalAtlantic is higher priced and it won't have that full blend across the entire portfolio. Jon, you want to weigh in?

So it's pretty simple. The first Multifamily venture was $2.2 billion of committed capital. That has been fully committed to assets in the first venture, so there's no more money to spend in that venture. The performance that we achieved in the first venture based on underwriting relative to the original projections is off the chart. So we had investors that wanted to continue into the second venture. We did our initial close of that venture in March. We anticipate that, that's just the initial close and that the funds will grow higher than that. And it's all about stacking these 2 different build-to-core opportunities. Now at the end of the day, what we'd really like to have is $5 billion to $10 billion of completed product that produces an enormous amount of cash flow and gives us the ability to monetize these assets in a much more productive way than selling them off one by one.

So let me talk about the land piece first. And Stephen, as always, you listen very carefully. I think as we look at where we stand right now in the land market, as we discussed when we announced the deal and in meetings subsequent to that, our local market presence really puts us in a different position. Given our size and scope, the land sellers in the market really have to deal with us. They don't have a choice. And as we've been discussing various structures and opportunities to put various programs together, we're really testing the boundaries of how far we can go with that. Whether it's just in time takedowns that allows us to keep land off balance sheet until the point in time that we close the home to a third-party or whether it's just having fully dedicated land programs with third-party developers, we're really exploring all of these options. And I just say, Steve, right now, just stay tuned. We're very focused on all the opportunities.

On the Multifamily side, we're seeing consistent strong demand in the Multifamily communities that we have. We're very focused on the fact that in some markets, you're seeing pipeline come to the market now that is sort of depressing rent growth, but not really hurting absorptions. With that in mind, given the program that we have, which is a build-to-core program, it's really set up in a way to maximize the value of those assets and capture that value since we're not ultimately going to immediately sell those assets. These are assets that we're going to hold for multiple periods of time. They're in 8-year vehicles and gives us the luxury of really timing the disposition of those assets to the market. So we are so seeing solid demand in most of the communities across the country.

On the single-family side, we're seeing solid demand at all price points across the country. Entry-level market is very strong. First-time move up is solid. And even at the higher price points, we're seeing good demand. Jon, you got any additional color?