Thanks, Rick. This morning, I'll discuss our land position and give an update on the status of the supply chain. I will be brief, as I know that sales and interest rates dominate the interest of our investors. We are pleased with the excellent progress we continue to make on our land-light strategy as evidenced by our controlled homesite percentage increasing to 62% at the end of the second quarter from 50% last year. We also continue to make progress by reducing the years of supply of owned homesites to 3.1 years at the end of the second quarter, down from 3.3 years last year. 
To date, we have worked with our land strategies group, which will become a vertical of Quarterra to continue to reduce our years of land owned even lower. Using this strategy, we have cycled some $10 billion of land and land development from owned to controlled as we refine the supply of just-in-time homesites to our homebuilding machine. 
Our extreme focus on the land-lighter model saved us a significant amount of cash spend on land acquisitions during the quarter. We ended the quarter as noted with $1.3 billion in cash, no borrowings on a $2.6 billion revolver and homebuilding debt to capital of 17.7%. As Stuart noted, we are very well positioned to manage through the changing interest rate environment with our excellent asset-light position and very strong balance sheet as the foundation for that position. 
Turning to the supply chain and it's well-documented challenges for the industry. Our second quarter started presenting some favorable news. There were still intermittent disruptions and an increase in construction costs. But for the first time since the disruptions began, we saw a flattening in cycle time. Over the past 4 months, cycle time has expanded by only 5 days, which we believe signals a peak. Additionally, about 25% of our markets experienced cycle time reductions in the second quarter compared to the first quarter. There are still challenges that occur, but we are managing them effectively as evidenced not only by this flattening of cycle time, but also by being above the high end of our guidance for second quarter closings. 
Our direct introduction costs in the second quarter were up 1.6% sequentially and 20% year-over-year, both lower than the comparable increases for the same period in the first quarter and fourth quarter of 2021. Rise in labor costs accounted for all of the increase in the second quarter. Material costs were lower due to the lower priced lumber from starts in the second half of last year. We expect costs will rise again in the back half of 2022, as increases in lumber that spiked in Q1 will flow through those closings. 
The current drop in lumber prices that we're experiencing, which started near the end of our second quarter will lower the cost of our starts in the second half of this year and related to deliveries in the first half of 2023. 
Thank you. And I'll now turn it over to Diane.

Stephen, it's Jon. So relative to incentives, they're still relatively low. As Rick mentioned, we're calling about 1.6%. We're -- that's what we're seeing in today's market in some of those markets as they continue to adjust. It might get a little bit more. In lumber, what's flowing through our numbers and is already in our backlog, which gives us comfort of our guide on gross margins, is about a $6 a square foot increase from our start over in the year. So we have good visibility to exactly what that is.

We've said over the past year is that we will match our sales to our start pace versus the other way around to maintain that orderly discipline as Stuart described. We feel that gives us much better control of our cost inputs and then keeps our machine very efficient.

Also very different from last cycle, as I mentioned in my comments, our land strategy's focus has been on really positioning land on a controlled position and structures that can adjust to a changing market environment, which really gives us further insulation from the potential impairments.

Of course, to I'd say that the analysis that Rick spoke about in that still we're going to focus on daily is a community-by-community analysis. So it's -- you have to first understand that it's very varied from each community. So even when we speak of a market, that's a broad overview. Within that market, we'll have some communities that are still performing very well and some that need the assistance with incentives or mortgage rate buydowns that were described. And as we said, it's very hard to really look forward as there is this rebalancing between price and interest rates for exactly what incentive will be needed, and that's why it's a regular focus on a community-by-community analysis.

Looks just like for us, this is all happening in real time on that same evaluation now happens with our relationships. But to date, there's been willingness to proceed to acquire assets that are properly underwritten. And I think as we sit here knowing what we know now, we have a good deal of confidence that we'll -- we get at that 65% target. But like with everything, we have to see how things evolve where the market goes to.

Just none point of clarification, as Rick has mentioned earlier, it's a combination of mortgage rate assistance and form of buydowns, for commitments, arms combined with some price adjustments. So the mortgage component is a very important component as you deal with. As Stuart mentioned earlier, people buy monthly payments. So we really -- in most of the markets in the second 2 buckets, you don't see much in the way of price adjustments versus a combination of mortgage rate help with a smaller price adjustment.

Cost of sales, Mike. 
Why don't we take one more question.

Relative to the second part of your question, as always, there's a lag between any shift in market and a shift in what's going through in terms of construction volume as the construction trades and the supply chain built through the backlog that's under construction.
Relative to what we're seeing, as I said in my comments, there's still disruptions but both we and our suppliers are much better positioned today. Everyone has learned a lot over the last 2 years and are able to respond very quickly to solving problems. We're at the earlier parts of the pandemic and disruptions, it sometimes could take months to solve problems. They're not being resolved in days.
And the 2 areas where there are still ongoing shortages is really in electrical equipment and in flex duct. But even those, we're in close communication with our trade partners that supply that they've got all the visibility in terms of what our needs are for the coming quarters and it's a very close working relationship.