Thank you, Rick. Our well-executed strategy of pricing to market to maintain sales volume, as Stuart and Rick have detailed, set us up for the next part of our game plan, our construction strategies. 
Simply put, by continuing to sell homes and generate cash flow, we will keep starting homes. Our construction playbook has 3 primary areas of focus: lowering construction costs; reducing cycle time; and achieving even flow production. Properly executed, these strategies improved both gross and net margins, allowing us to profitably continue the cycle of finding the market to sell homes. Let me address each area. Reductions in construction costs have historically lagged the change in market conditions. 
While that is true this time, what is different is the speed of change in the market conditions has caused a sharp reduction in industry-wide starts thus speeding up the availability of labor and materials for Lennar. This is very quickly turning the shortages of the last 2 years into excesses. Taking a look back at our fourth quarter, construction costs continue to increase as we guided on our last earnings call. Increases in both materials and labor resulted in a total direct construction cost increase of 6% and 16% sequentially and year-over-year, respectively. Moving forward, our process is a 3-pronged approach of first, working with our trade partners to reduce the cost of labor materials; second, evaluating all specifications in the home; and third, an intense value engineering review. 
We have very strong relationships with our trade partners. We have demonstrated to them that we have taken the first step by lowering sales prices to drive sales, and they understand this and understand the dynamic of labor availability as overall starts slow, and they are working closely with us to lower their prices. 
Since the beginning of our third quarter, we have reduced contracted costs by approximately $14,000 per home or $6.22 per square foot and this amount will grow throughout our first and second quarters as reduced demand for labor and materials accelerates. These savings will start to flow through our results in the back half of the second quarter and will primarily be seen in closings for the second half of the year. What has been a steady increase in construction costs over the last few years will reverse course in our first quarter with a small reduction in cost per square foot compared to our fourth quarter. 
This is primarily driven by lower lumber costs from earlier in the year. This improvement is already baked into our backlog as these homes started in the last 4 to 6 months. Cycle time is the second area of focus for our construction strategy. We see meaningful improvement in this area as cycle time was flat sequentially for the quarter despite the cumulative effect of supply chain disruptions, experiencing the 2 hurricanes that impacted production in Florida and parts of the Carolinas. 
Importantly, we saw cycle time improvement during the quarter for the front end of construction, which measures the duration of time from trenching to insulation. This first part of construction process is the first to see labor free up and came down an average of 8 days during the last 4 weeks of our quarter as compared to the prior 4 weeks. As Stuart noted, bringing down our cycle time throughout the next few quarters will free up significant amount of cash that is tied up in inventory, further strengthening our balance sheet. 
The third area of focus is even flow production. Prior to the pandemic and its related supply chain disruptions, even flow production was a core focus for us. It is a key pillar for being the builder of choice for the trades as it maximizes efficiencies for them. The steady pace and rhythm of starts through completions is absolutely critical and is only achieved with real-time communication between all parties from Lennar's offices and fields to manufacturers, to distributors, to trades and then back to us. 
Information such as projected start dates and day-by-day scheduling in the field is enabled with rigorously adhered to technology-driven tools and processes. Level construction flow of our homes drives field and G&A efficiencies for both the trades and Lennar, helping improve margins for both. 
As Stuart noted, this is an intense focus of both Rick and myself along with our national, regional and divisional purchasing and construction teams. All of us are focused every single day on lowering cost, reducing cycle time and achieving even flow production. 
Turning next to our land-light strategy. This focus has been the primary driver of cash flow generation over the past several years, leading to the strongest balance sheet in our company's history, and we have taken it up a notch in the current environment. Quarter after quarter, we have worked with our strategic land banks and land partners where we have established relationships to purchase land on our behalf and deliver just-in-time, finished home sites to our homebuilding machine on a quarterly basis. 
During the fourth quarter, we reassessed every land deal in our pipeline, utilizing updated underwriting, we either restructure the price, the terms and/or the timing or we did not proceed with the transaction. The result of this focus was that 75% or approximately $680 million of land purchased in the quarter or just-in-time deliveries from our land banks or land partners. The remaining $220 million of land purchases were made up of option payments and small, short duration land purchases. In fact, about 88% of the land purchased in the first quarter were for transactions under $2 million each. 
During the quarter, we also terminated contracts totaling about 27,800 home sites. There was approximately $37 million in forfeited land deposits associated with some of these terminations. The ongoing focus on our land-light strategy resulted in ending fiscal 2022 with a controlled home site percentage of 63%, up from 59% last year. 
Additionally, we reduced the years of owned homesites to 2.5 years at the end of the fourth quarter, down from 3 years last year. Thank you, and I'll now turn it over to Diane.

I just want to clarify, Steve, on what I said about construction costs. As I noted, we're currently working closely with our trade in adjusting contracted pricing. That's what I was referencing in terms of we'll start flowing through in the second half of the second quarter. The biggest needle mover is lumber which moved down throughout the year, and we will see a benefit of that throughout the entire second quarter.

No -- starting now and through quarter and even on some open commitments on homes already started, it's just that we'll see the first benefit of those renegotiated prices with trade starting to happen in the latter part of the second quarter. And we will see the full -- the benefit throughout the full quarter of lumber reductions that started happening in the summer of '22.

I would just add, remind you that our strategy has been and remains matching sales to our start pace and we have a very steady start pace that will inform our sales pace as we move forward. That ties directly into the dynamic pricing model that as a tool our operators used to do exactly that.

The other thing that [ all ] does, you hear us throughout our strategies, talk about start pace and sales pace. This tool connects all of the dynamics and metrics, Diane, just referenced to that pace, so we can adjust in real time to make sure that we're not ever getting behind the pace that we want to be at.

Look, we're clearly in the early innings because as the homebuilding industry is completing the fourth quarter of the year, you have for all builders really the largest production quarter, so labor has been -- has remained very busy while the market has slowed down prior to the fourth quarter. And as Stuart noted, and I noted, it's -- that's why you typically always see a lag between sales prices moving down and then construction costs moving down. So we're clearly in the early innings of that. We feel like we've got tremendous traction. 
And as I noted earlier, I think we'll see significant movement as we move through our first quarter, into our second quarter in terms of reductions. And that will happen primarily because starts have dramatically slowed within the industry. We've kept our start level at a consistent pace. And so as that labor frees up, that brings the cost of labor down. But also as those start to come down, that creates more availability of materials for the manufacturing production. So material prices come down as well. That also tends to lag a little bit more behind labor because it's got a longer production cycle where labor is more immediate.

Just to emphasize Rick's point, Michael, if you think about mortgage rate buydowns is really being a very effective tool in making sales in this environment. To extent that rates come in the cost of that buy down becomes less expensive and you could see probably potentially the biggest benefit from that, if that come in.