Thanks, Rick. I will now give an update on how we managed through the impact of supply chain disruptions in the fourth quarter and how we have planned for managing through them in 2022. As Stuart noted, we have had to deal with our fair share of disruptions. Similar to the third quarter, these disruptions are affecting different trades at different times and in different geographies. They are intermittent, and they continue.
It continues to be a game of whack-a-mole that creates stress and uncertainty for an already strained labor base as materials often do not show up when expected. In the fourth quarter, the supply categories that were most impacted on a national basis or garage doors, windows, paint, HVAC condensers and flex duct and cabinets.
Regionally, there were a variety of disruptions in the delivery of materials and/or the availability of labor. On average, this increased our fourth quarter cycle time by an additional 2 weeks from the third quarter, bringing the year-over-year increase to a range of 4 to 6 weeks.
Despite these disruptions and the associated increase in cycle time, the team at Lennar still managed to deliver approximately 18,000 homes in the quarter as expected. This was in large part due to a record number of starts in our second quarter of 19,500 homes to ensure we had enough inventory to meet our delivery goals. 
Additionally, the extraordinary supply chain, purchasing and construction teams at Lennar have never been better coordinated and are managing their scheduling on a day-by-day basis in partnership with each of our trade partners.
We continue to work with our partners to solve issues in real time as well as planning ahead for our future demand needs. Examples of the strength of our strategic trade partnerships is when we had to take business away from our primary garage door manufacturer. They constructively work with us to move the business over to another vendor.
When our major cabinet manufacturer fell behind due to labor and material shortages, they opened their factory for us on a weekend to manufacture 350 homes worth of cabinets in order to catch up. These are just 2 out of many examples where we and our valued trade partners found solutions to the challenges of the current environment. 
Our decade-long platform, Everything's Included, continues to be a strategic advantage in lessening the impact of the supply chain shortages. It's a simple program with fewer SKUs to manage, allowing us to plan ahead and order our material needs far in advance.
As discussed in prior quarters, we are in our sixth year of focusing on being the Builder of Choice for our trade partners. This program has successfully created close-knit relationships with our strategic building partners, allowing both parties to be nimble in adjusting to these disruptions. 
We believe our strategic relationships have allowed us, together with our partners, to learn lessons from 2021 so we can be better prepared for 2022. We have been meeting with our key partners, along with additional new partners to allocate projected 2022 volume as opposed to just prioritizing available volume.
This way, we identified potential gaps in availability upfront, allowing for proactive versus reactive solutions. We have completed about half the categories will complete the remaining ones in the next few weeks.
We have added manufacturing and trade partners in key categories to ensure availability along with a continuous process of simplification to ongoing SKU reductions. Lastly, we have secured alternative distribution solutions to provide safety stock of certain commodities and short supply materials. We believe the combination of all these efforts will allow for the stabilization of the supply chain for Lennar in the back half of this year.
Turning to the construction cost impacts on our fourth quarter closings were primarily from the lumber increases taken earlier in the year that are now impact cost as homes close. 
In the fourth quarter, costs were up $6.78 per square foot over the third quarter and lumber accounted for $4.18 of that increase. We will still see increased costs from lumber in our first quarter deliveries. But starting in Q2 and through Q3, we will benefit from lumber cost reductions.
We experienced cost pressures in Q4 in other material categories and on labor that will start to flow through closings in the second half of 2022. On a final note, as Stuart mentioned, Rick and I recently spent 6 weeks on the road, visiting communities and construction sites in each and every one of our markets.
While we knew what to expect in terms of the supply disruptions and labor shortages that we would see, it was important for us to experience this firsthand, so we can most effectively manage through this environment. Importantly, this gave us the opportunity to meet with our teams and trade partners in the field, listen to their ideas, and shake their hands to thank them for their incredible dedication and effort they give in delivering quality homes to our customers.
We can assure you that Lennar culture is alive and well and as strong as ever. We'd like to take this opportunity to again thank all of our Lennar associates and trade partners for the incredible quarter that they delivered. 
Thank you, and I'll now turn it over to Diane.

Yes, we're very comfortable that we'll be able to look at '22 as an increase in starts over '21. So some of that typical seasonality with Q2 being our strongest start quarter. But I think as we look across our platform, we are well positioned with our relationship with our trade partners to be able to manage a very healthy start pace.
And to the extent that we do see more stabilization relative to the supply chain. I think what you'll see is a tightening of the cycle time more than an increase in start pace. I mean, we're already planning on maintaining a very disciplined approach to our start pace what we'll pull in is the cycle time from the extended periods that we're seeing now.

I think you pretty much covered it. It's the peak pricing of lumber will hit us in Q1, and then we'll start benefiting from significantly lower prices. And if you follow the topic of lumber now, we'll probably see some uptick as we look at lumber purchases in the first second and second quarters that will impact some of the back half of the year. But likely offset by what we spoke about in terms of a very strong spring selling season, which should increase our ASP to offset that.

So I think, Steve, we've just taken a straight shot look at what we know today about our cycle times and projected production. As I said in my response to the prior question, if we do see the stabilization, I think what you'll see is a reduction in our cycle time versus a material pickup in our start pace. And if that does happen, we should lead to a pickup in closings.
Relative to sales, as Stuart has commented, as Rick commented, we see a very strong sales environment. So to the extent that we change our start pace, not our closing pace for our start pace, we would adjust our sales pace to match that. But as I said, I don't see a lot of upside in terms of increasing start pace. So I would think our sales would remain pretty consistent with the way that we planned them.

And -- just don't see any reason to sell ahead of how we're starting homes.

Well, Steve, the answer to the first part of your question is, yes, Q1 should be the peak lumber prices and by the end of the quarter, we'll start to see them fall. But overall, for the quarter, it will be up from the fourth quarter.

I think also, as Rick mentioned earlier, I don't think it's a quarter-to-quarter mix. As much as Rick and I and the division has been very focused on driving down the price curve as you deal with affordability. So we are consciously trying to experience product that is smaller, more affordable as well as a significant focus on picking up our market share in Texas, which does drive that ASP.