Thanks, Stuart. We had a strong quarter in each of our business segments, driven by a solid execution of our operating strategies. Homebuilding revenues for the fourth quarter totaled $6.5 billion, representing an 8% increase from 2018. This was driven by a 16% increase in deliveries to 16,420 homes, partially offset by a 7% decrease in average sales price. Deliveries for the quarter exceeded the high end of our guidance as we carefully matched available inventory with strong buyer demand. The decline in average sales price was driven by our continued strategic focus on the very robust entry-level market as the percentage of first-time buyers increased year-over-year.
Our gross margin for the quarter totaled 21.5%, which was the top side of our guidance and up 110 basis points sequentially from the third quarter. This sequential improvement benefited from the direct cost savings that Jon will discuss as well as a higher number of deliveries, which allowed us to leverage our field expense. Our SG&A in the quarter was 7.6%. This marks an all-time fourth quarter low and highlights the power of our increased market scale and operating leverage. 
Homebuilding operating earnings totaled $893 million, up 11% from the prior year. We're proud of the fact that our homebuilding earnings are growing at a faster rate than revenues, once again, demonstrating our operating leverage. 
Net earnings for the quarter totaled $674 million, up 11% from 2018, excluding the gain on the sale of Rialto and nonrecurring expenses in the prior year. 
New orders for the quarter increased 23% to 13,089 homes, exceeding the high end of our guidance. From a dollar value perspective, new orders totaled $5.2 billion in the fourth quarter, which was up 23% from the prior year as well. New orders increased significantly in each of our operating in our homebuilding segments with extremely strong performance from our Texas region and our West region, where new orders were up 48% and 34%, respectively, year-over-year. Our Texas segment is perfectly positioned and continues to benefit from our strategic focus on the strong entry-level market.
During the fourth quarter, we saw increased demand, which benefited from favorable housing market fundamentals, low unemployment, higher wages, competitive mortgage rates, low inventory levels and a much more confident homebuyer, all contributed to a 26% increase in our sales pace per community year-over-year.
We ended the fourth quarter with a sales backlog of 15,577 homes, with a dollar value of [ $6.3 billion ]. This backlog, combined with our current housing inventory, puts us in a great position to close between 54,000 and 55,000 homes in fiscal 2020. 
As Stuart said, in fiscal 2019, we were laser-focused on improving our returns on capital and generating increased cash flow. With this in mind, increasing our percentage of option homesites and reducing our year supply of owned homesites were top priorities. At the beginning of the year, we set a 2-year goal of having 40% of our homesites controlled via options and similar arrangements. We made great progress on this front throughout the year as we ended the first quarter with a 24% mix, ended the third quarter at 30% and finished the year at 33%. Based on our progress, our new 2-year goal is to have 50% of our land needs controlled versus owned by the end of fiscal 2021.
During the fourth quarter, we also made significant progress on reducing our years owned supply of homesites from 4.4 years at the end of the third quarter to 4.1 years at the end of the fourth quarter. Based on this progress, we believe we can reduce our years own supply of homesites to 3 years by the end of fiscal 2021 as well. If we're successful, this would reduce our on-balance sheet land position by approximately $3 billion. The combined impact of properly executing on our land-lighter business and reaching our stated owned and controlled goals will drive meaningful higher cash flow, returns on capital and total shareholder returns.
Consistent with our land-light strategy and focus on increased returns, we're continuing to develop a program to develop and address the single-family rental market. There's no question that there's a shortage of affordable and workforce housing and new single-family rentals can solve this problem. Given the shortage, there's intense investor interest in professionally managed new single-family rental communities where the owner can leverage the overhead costs of managing the rentals because they are in the same community with identical features from home to home. 
Last quarter, we dilated our single-family rental program, where our homebuilding operation will be building and selling homes in bulk in communities where the land is owned by third parties with no lease-up risk to Lennar. Since then, we've expanded this program to include building and selling incremental single-family rentals in bulk in separate sections of some of our larger existing communities. While we're at the beginning stages of growing the business, we are excited about its growth prospects. 
Given the lead time in developing new communities and getting home production started, single-family rentals will only represent about 1% of our closings in 2020. However, this program will have a much more meaningful impact in 2021, and we will provide an update accordingly. Single-family rental is an expansion of our core business as it allows us to leverage our existing machine and overhead. Additionally, this program provides an interesting and unique edge to our for-sale business.
Before I turn it over to Jon, I would like to thank our associates and our trade partners for an excellent year. Through your hard work and collaboration, we accomplished many great things in 2019. And more importantly, we're excellently positioned to execute on our strategies in 2020. 
I'd like to turn it over to Jon now.

Yes. So from an overall mix standpoint, and our position, I think we really have benefited from the fact that this has been something that we strategically target for the last several years. We've been very methodical on lining up communities, repositioning product, working with our developer partners to really secure excellent positions that are sizable. When you're dealing with a single-family or a entry-level product, you need some larger communities because your absorption pace in these communities is much faster. 
So we're really well positioned from a mix standpoint. Do we get up to 44%? I think it's too soon to tell. We're probably in the low 40% right now, and we're just going to see how the years evolve. From a margin standpoint, as Diane said, the margins tend to be slightly lower than our first time move up and move-up product, but they come with higher velocity. And as a result, the IRRs associated with the build-out of those communities is much, much higher. And that's why we focused on that. Jon, anything else?

So I think what this really reflects is, as a management team, when we -- when Stuart, Jon and I sit down and we make a plan, we execute on the plan. And we really decided that we were going to convert and increase the amount of our option position. We worked with our regional trade partners and our regional developers and have significantly expanded that program. 
We haven't necessarily entered into new arrangements with different developers, rather, what we've done is expand the footprint of those relationships to other markets. And that's what you're seeing in the increase. In addition to that, our teams out there are really leveraging the relationships they have in all of their markets to increase that percentage.

So let me just start off by saying is that right now, this business is very small in the grand scheme of things. And what we've really done is focus on positioning to grow something that's substantive. So from an order perspective, for the last quarter, the orders associated with this were de minimis. What we've really been focusing on is identifying markets that we can build a good business that is focused on providing products that the market needs. Within our existing communities, what we've really done is looked at sectioning off different phases or sections of the community that will be priced completely differently than our others for-sale product. So a smaller footprint, lower specification levels, not a lot of change from home to home, pretty identical features right down the street.

So let me start off by just generally telling you how we look at the dollar value difference. We've told you that what we want to do is take our owned supply from 4.1 years to 3 years by 2021. And if you step back and you look at it, you can calculate that 2 different ways. We -- which it's about 1 year of land purchase. So we buy about $3 billion of land a year. So $3 billion sort of sums up to that number. Looking at it in a different way, based on our guidance of 54,000 to 55,000 homes for next year, if we don't have to buy the homesites associated with that, our average lot finished homesite or undeveloped, in some cases, finished homesite is about 54,000, 55,000, which gets you to the same $3 billion number.

Yes. And I think the thing to focus on, we will solve to price, whether that's a higher price or lower price, but we're very focused on net operating margin for each community.

So let's start with Texas. I can tell you that we had strong performance in each one of our Texas markets, San Antonio, Austin, Dallas and Houston, all up high double digits. The region was up 48% year-over-year in orders. And it really is driven by the fact that we've completely repositioned to a much higher percentage of entry-level product. Right now, we're about 50% of our sales and communities are below $250,000 price point, and about 70% of our communities are below $300,000. So it's the strength of that reposition that's really fueling the market there. 
With regard to Florida, the move-ups in Florida are very strong, particularly on the lower price points and that first-time move up. And that really is across the board, south to north and east to west. Jon, do you want to talk about California?