Thanks, Stuart. We had a strong quarter driven by a solid execution of our operating strategies. Homebuilding revenues for the third quarter totaled $5.4 billion, representing a 3% increase from 2018. 
This was driven by a 7% increase in deliveries to 13,522 homes and a 5% decrease in average sales price. Deliveries for the quarter exceeded the high end of our guidance as we were able to accelerate some fourth quarter closings into the third quarter as buyers took advantage of lower mortgage rates. Our gross margin for the quarter totaled 28.4%, which was just shy of the topside of our prior guidance and up 30 basis points sequentially from the second quarter. 
This sequential improvement benefited from direct cost savings and were slightly impacted by an increase in the number of closings coming from lower-margin third-party option contracts versus the land we developed. This is in line with our land lighter strategy that is focused on maximizing cash flow and internal rates of return. I will discuss this in greater detail in a bit. 
Our SG&A in the quarter was 8.3%. This marks an all-time third quarter low and highlights the power of our increased local market scale and operating leverage. Homebuilding operating earnings totaled $659 million, up 8% from the prior year. And net earnings for the quarter totaled $513 million, up 13% for 2018. 
New orders for the quarter increased 9% to 13,369 homes, exceeding the high end of our Q3 guidance. New orders increased in each of our homebuilding segments, with August being the strongest month in the period. From a dollar value perspective, new orders totaled 5.2 billion which was at 3% from the prior year. Our average new order sales price declined 5% year-over-year and 2% sequentially, reflecting our continued focus on the strong entry-level market. 
The entry-level market now accounts for about 40% of our business, and this will continue to increase as more first-time buyer communities come online and increase our overall community count in 2020. During our third quarter, we saw increased demand, which benefited from lower mortgage rates and increased homebuyer sentiment. 
Our sales pace per community increased 10% year-over-year. We continued to experience solid traffic on both our website and at our Welcome Home Centers and are optimistic that sales will continue to be strong in Q4. 
We ended the third quarter with a sales backlog of 18,908 homes with a dollar value of $7.6 billion. This backlog, combined with our current housing inventory, puts us in a great position to close about 51,000 homes in fiscal 2019. 
As we look forward to 2020, we are laser focused on improving our returns on capital and generating significant cash flow. 
With this in mind, increasing our percentage of option homesites and reducing the amount of owned homesites are our top priorities. At the beginning of this year, we set a 2-year goal of having 40% of our homesites controlled via auctions in similar arrangements. We made great strides on this front in the third quarter as our percentage improved from 25% to 30%. This increase reflects the strength of our relationship with local developers and their desire to work with us to increase our option position given our size and scale in our markets. We expect to continue to expand on our existing relationships and enter new regional and national land platforms over the next 12 months. 
Based on this, we are now increasing our goal of control homesites to between 40% to 50% of our land needs. 
During the third quarter, we also made progress reducing our years owned supply of homesites from 4.5 years to 4.4 years, and continue to target a goal of 3 years. As we've reached these 2 goals, it will enable us to reduce our on-balance sheet land set and purchase homesites on a takedown basis much closer to the start of the home. This will generate additional cash flow and drive meaningfully greater returns. Consistent with our land light strategy and focus on increasing returns, we are continuing to develop a program to address the single-family rental market. There is no question that there is a shortage of affordable and workforce housing and new single-family rental communities can't help solve this problem. Given this shortage, there is intense investor interest in new single-family rental communities where the owner can leverage the overhead costs of managing the rentals because they're all in the same community, with identical features from home to home and Lennar is uniquely positioned to capitalize on this opportunity. 
Last quarter, we daylighted our single-family rental program where our homebuilding operation is building and selling homes in bulk in a community on land owned by a third party with no lease-up risk to Lennar. We love this expansion of our core business, as it allows us to leverage our homebuilding machine and existing overhead, and it will generate high returns and profits, all with no accompanying land or lease-up risk. This is a perfect expansion of our land light strategy. And given our strong relationship with landowners and developers and our low cost and speed of construction, we're optimistic that we can increase deliveries in the next couple of years. Additionally, this program provides an interesting and unique hedge to our wholesale business. 
Now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

In the year ago period, we had a lot of new communities open in the quarter, and we had a pretty strong sales period in the year ago. There is nothing going on that's abnormal or unusual. I feel that the Eastern markets are strong across the board.

Yes. I think with regard to the acceleration of people's desire to close, when rates move, people lock, and they don't want to lose the opportunity, and we just saw some people do that in the third quarter. And if there is similar phenomenon in Q4 then we'd expect something like that as well, but we haven't put that in our guidance.

I guess I'd add to that Ivy, we always assume and expected that given the increase in scale and size in our markets that that would be a significant advantage. And if anything, we underestimated the benefit of that. And it really -- it comes from all aspects of the business, access to labor, our cost structure and really on the landside.

Yes. I think the key differential is the people that we're working with, our experts in going through the entitlements and really finding great pieces of properties that are a game-changer. And if you think about our core business, as a builder, we don't want to really play in the entitlement states. So these are regional folks that this is what they do. They find opportunities before anybody else can, and we've worked with them to expand our land platform. And we have expanded them into other geographies and it's working excessively.

Yes. We didn't have too much variability amongst the months in the quarter. And as we've always said, we're really focused on net pricing, and focused on maximizing the value of our inventory and turning inventory. Our key focus, as Stuart, Jon and Diane and I have said, is we're very focused on return on investment. And so net margin is really what we're focused on.

We're expecting to see community count growth going into 2020, progressing through the year. And with our focus on the entry-level and lower-price market, absorptions are going to be stronger, given the fact that there is higher velocity in the entry-level market.

Yes. So Stuart is exactly right. There are a lot of moving pieces with regard to margin as we look at 2020 and '21. Our focus on increasing returns has an impact on the gross margin. We will be taking land very much closer to the start of construction. And as a result, there is a tradeoff between gross margins. And I've said in the past, it could be 100, 150 basis points, but returns go up exponentially. And we believe that, that's an important thing for us to focus on. In addition, as we move down the price curve, the entry-level homes generally have lower margins but much, much higher IRRs associated with them. So when we come to fourth quarter, we'll give you guidance on where we think we'll be for 2020. But all in all, it will be a really strong profitable year.

Yes. Directly, to answer your question, our primary focus in -- is doing it in communities that are owned by a third party. That's our highest return on investment. It allows us to leverage our overhead. It allows us to build a very efficient program and build that scale fast. In addition to that, we are looking at doing single-family rental as an additional product offering in some of our existing communities, having the affection of the community to increase the taste and return on investment in those communities. So it's going to a combination of things, but as Stuart said, this is our core business. We're building, selling and closing the homes and doing it fast.

Well, with regard to the mix in 2020, I did say that it will be a higher percentage of entry-level. Probably moves up 2% to 3%, 4%-ish, depending on when those communities come online. We really targeted across the board a lower price point. You can see it in our sales orders in every geographic segment of the company. And it's primarily being led by Texas and some of the Florida markets. But there's a -- we've really worked on a highly engineered, efficient, core plans that we're just rolling out everywhere.