Thank you, Stuart.

Thanks, Rick. I will now briefly address how we are managing through the supply chain disruptions that are impacting Lennar and the industry, and we'll answer any detailed questions you have in the Q&A. 
As Stuart noted, our closing miss for Q3 was driven by supply chain disruptions that led to a general increase in our cycle time to build homes, but also some intermittent shortages that stall production beyond cycle time, causing these closings to be delayed into our fourth quarter. 
As you've heard from various building product companies, and from other homebuilders, disruptions are affecting different trades at different times and in different geographies. They are intermittent, and they are not over yet. In many ways, it's truly a game of whack-a-mole, creating a traffic jam.  Like cars, construction process is backed up, creating a chain reaction of delay that cascades from one trade to the next. The team at Lennar is happily dealing with the situation to manage for the best possible outcomes. Like the rest of the industry, we not only saw our cycle time increase approximately 2 weeks in our third quarter, but we also had additional surprises that quickly changed delivery dates. 
Fortunately, at Lennar, we have extraordinary supply chain, purchasing and construction teams that are very coordinated and are managing our scheduling on a day-by-day basis in partnership with each of our trade partners. We work with our partners to solve the issues in real time as well as planning ahead for our future demand needs. 
Our decades-long platform of everything is included has minimized the impact of supply chain shortages as we have fewer SKUs to manage and we can plan out material needs far in advance. This has become more important than ever as lead times have materially expanded for most manufacturers. 
Additionally, we're now in our sixth year of focusing on being the Builder of Choice for our trade partners. Over this time span, we have rewired interactions with our building partners to help them manage their cost inputs, reduce their labor needs and enable them to grow. This has earned us a seat at the table with our strategic trade partners in these stressful times to work through solutions partner by partner. 
Even where the solution is bringing in alternative manufacturers, this is done in a collaborative manner with our existing partners to help them versus hurt them. We are doing a better job than ever at a time when it was most needed in communicating with our trade partners and giving them detailed forecasting information. 
Let me give you a quick sense of where the greatest impacts are being felt right now. From a national manufacturing perspective, the categories most impacted are engineered wood, windows, garage doors, paint and vinyl siding. On a regional basis, it is brick and lumber capacity in Texas, concrete block in Central Florida, insulation in North and Southwest Florida and in Phoenix and Minnesota, it's severe labor constraints. 
We believe we'll fill the effects of this backup for the next few quarters and then based on the plans we have in place with all of our trade partners, we would expect to see stabilization in our cycle times by Q2 of 2022. As mentioned in our quote, we remained focused on consistently increasing our start pace. And in the third quarter, we averaged 4.9 homes per community, up from 4.2 homes per community last year or 17,630 homes started in the third quarter, up 16% from last year. 
This positions us well for growth in 2022. And as discussed earlier, we are in regular communication with our entire supply chain in advance of these starts in order to support this increase in activity. The construction cost impact in our third quarter closings were primarily from the lumber increases taken earlier in the year that are now impacting costs as homes close. 
In the third quarter, costs were up $5.40 per square foot over the third quarter last year, and lumber accounted for about 95% of that increase. We will see increased costs from lumber, although at lower level in Q4 and Q1, with lumber cost reductions thereafter. In various other product categories, cost increases have been pushed in the second and third quarters as a result of supply chain disruptions and labor shortages. 
These increases will flow through closing starting Q1 of 2022 but will be offset by the reduction in lumber costs, resulting in a net reduction in costs by Q2. As we have noted in prior quarters, our revenues are growing at a faster pace than construction cost increases, resulting in a decrease in construction cost as a percent of revenues to 41.4% compared to 43.6% last year. 
Overall, the Lennar management team is focused daily on managing through the current supply chain disruptions. It is a truly all hands on deck. Stuart, Rick, our regional presidents and myself support Kemp Gillis and our supply chain team by joining them in meetings with the leadership of key trade partners. In these meetings, we listen and learn, understand challenges and then craft solutions. We review production needs for the weeks and months ahead, implement our solutions and then execute as partners. 
This pattern of execution combined with maintaining our disciplines of everything included in Builder of Choice platforms with an additional focus on further SKU reductions and enhanced communications allows us to be nimble in responding to and managing through this environment. 
As we look ahead, there are bumpy parts of the road and a traffic jam or 2  to work through, both increased starts and much appreciated cooperation from our trade partners, we are setting up for solid growth in deliveries in 2022. Thank you. And I'll now turn it over to Diane.

Steve, relative to your first follow-up. You heard me quite accurately. Lumber is down about 70% from its peak. The starts that we're seeing in September are incorporating at lower price, and that's what I say, by Q2, we'll see the benefit of that. And again, you accurately heard me that we expect that, that benefit will be greater than the cost increases in other categories combined, resulting in a lower cost per square foot on the homes that we build that we'll be delivering starting in Q2.

Yes, that's right, Truman. What we're seeing is there still is a constraint on the supply chain that feeds our manufacturers, our supply chain. And that's not over yet, as I mentioned. But lead times have expanded, which is giving some breathing room to these manufacturers to start to catch up. And that's what I meant by the plans we have in place, manufacturer by manufacturer, trade partner by trade partner give us some visibility, although not perfectly clear that as we get into Q2 of next year that we expect that cycle times will stabilize. We feel very confident that, as I mentioned, that the plans we have in place will support our double-digit growth that we have planned. 
It's not an all of a sudden growth change for us. It's very methodical. As Stuart and Rick both mentioned, we carefully match our production pace, our sales pace. And so this is all planned out way in advance with real good visibility for our trade partners to support us.

And just to emphasize the point, as Stuart said, of our Everything's Included program, where manufacturer lead times have expanded anywhere from 4 to 7x their normal lead times. The ability to know what we're going to build way in advance as compared to a design studio program really gives us the ability to communicate very effectively with those manufacturers and adjust to their lead times.

So relative to signs to look for in stabilization, as I mentioned, we're in day-to-day coordination, in conversation with our key manufacturers and our key trade partners. And it's really about the planning process to look at the weeks, months and quarters ahead so that they can plan their productivity to match what we're doing. And also, as I mentioned, to bring in additional trade partners to help support those partners of ours that are not able to ramp up to the needs that we have. And that, again, is very closely coordinated to make sure that we can get enough volume out of them.

That's exactly right. As we work through this planning process, it will be the outcome of that, that will show up and be visible.

Well, I think that we closed the gap on that because as we said that the demand is stronger than supply, and we see that in the next few quarters. So as I said, we're up 16% year-over-year and our third quarter starts, which I think, demonstrates our bullishness on starting more homes.