Thanks, Stuart. Let me quickly start by summarizing our results in the second quarter, and then Jon and I will update you on the CalAtlantic integration. 
Net earnings for the quarter totaled $310 million, up 45% from 2017. Our core homebuilding operation really produced. New orders for the quarter totaled 14,440 homes, up 62% from the prior year, with the dollar value of approximately $6 billion, representing a 79% increase. 
We delivered 12,095 homes in the quarter, which was up 57% from 2017. Revenues in the quarter totaled $5.5 billion, representing a 67% increase. We ended the quarter with a solid sales backlog of 19,622 homes, with the dollar value of $8.6 billion, up 92% and 114% respectively from 2017. Our gross margin, excluding the backlog and construction and progress write-up, totaled 21.6%, which was the top of the range we guided to last quarter.
Finally, our SG&A in the quarter was 8.7%. This marks an all-time second quarter low, significantly lower than the -- our prior gardens and highlights the power of our increased geographic scale and our operating leverage. These results were achieved by a lot of hard work from our associates across the country driving our day-to-day business and focused on the CalAtlantic integration. I can't thank our associates enough for everything they've accomplished. 
While these numbers demonstrate the success of our integration, let me give you some additional color on where we stand. Operationally, CalAtlantic is fully integrated into Lennar, and we are operating as one company. This transition has proceeded smoothly and we are well ahead of schedule. More importantly, we're now realizing the true operating synergies stemming from our new local and national market scale. 
As I highlighted last quarter, our homebuilding operation has 5 regions and 38 divisions, with operations in 49 markets. Prior to the merger, CalAtlantic had 4 regions and 27 divisions, with operations in 43 markets. Two of the CalAtlantic divisions were new markets to Lennar and continue today. The remaining 25 divisions have been combined with the Lennar divisions, resulting in significant SG&A savings. 
Operationally, we've been able to maintain or increase our market share, reduce cycle time and increased absorptions while reducing headcount by approximately 33%. We also eliminated 5 corporate and regional offices, 21 homebuilding division offices, 18 Design Centers, 24 Financial Services branches and 1 Financial Services processing center. 
The transition from the CalAtlantic Design Center program to the Everything's Included program has been impressive and is reducing cycle times and construction costs. Excluding the CalAtlantic closeout communities, 207 communities have been converted to Lennar product, 136 communities have continued with CalAtlantic product but converted to an Everything's Included product, and the remaining 30 communities are continuing with an auction-like rebid CalAtlantic product. 
Our intense focus on product conversion is really showing its benefits in reduced cycle times. On average, we are saving approximately 30 to 40 days by converting the CalAtlantic product to Lennar product and approximately 25 to 30 days by converting the CalAtlantic Design Center product to an Everything's Included product. Jon will highlight the significant cost saving and increased access to trades we are seeing from this conversion. 
Keep in mind that we are now the #1 builder in 20 markets and a top 3 builder in 32 markets and that our market share in our #1 markets range between 21% and 43%, with an average share of approximately 30%. This critical mass will continue to increase our operating leverage. We just are seeing the beginning of our leverage in the last quarter. This market share has significantly increased our access to land. Simply put, landowners and developers are finding that they both want and need us in their community. With this in mind, we have met with many leading developers and third-party capital sources to explore new, mutually beneficial structures. 
On the technology side and the systems side, we're making good progress on our homebuilding system migration and will be completing 2 more divisions this week. We are on track to be migrating 2 to 3 divisions each week for the next few months until completed. We have also completed the system migration for our Financial Services operation and now are currently writing all mortgages out of our Eagle Mortgage operation. We are already seeing the benefits of this capture rate from the legacy CalAtlantic communities where we've increased capture rate from 60% to approximately 80%, and we feel that there's increased opportunity over the entire platform, given our larger scale. 
Now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

So it's Rick. On the land side, we have an intense focus right now. Jon and I are regional presidents, Stuart, we've been all over the country meeting with the key developers to create some pretty interesting structures to increase our activity. What we found is the deals are coming to us right now, because when you have a 20% to 40% market share, you need to be included. And so where there were times in the past where we have to hunt them down. The hunt is not happening right now. So based on that, what we are trying to do is increase the amount of option business that we can deal, which is a little bit lower margin business, but a higher IRR business and we are engaged in conversations across the country with these leading developers and capital sources to create something that is special. And it's a -- you will see an increase in our option business, that will help our cash position, and it's going to take a little bit of time to do that, but as we move into 2019, you'll see some dramatic changes.

Alan, just as a point of reference, my good friend Stuart made my screensaver our debt maturity ladder, and I'm trying to figure out how to change it.

So Steven, I don't want to go into a lot of detail because there's a lot of conversations going on right now. And with some developers, with capital sources, internally within our organization and -- but our stated objective is to do 2 things. Number one, is increase our returns and number two, become more efficient in how we utilize our cash. With that in mind, the natural end result would be to increase, in some sort of programmatic structure, our just-in-time ability to close on land. So those are the touch points that Stuart, Jon and I are focused on, and we are all over it to figure out and create something that gets us those objectives.

Correct.

So let me start, it's Rick. We are still seeing good solid traffic in our communities. We are still seeing an ability by our customers to qualify for homes across all price points. We have not seen a movement to a variable-rate product on the mortgage side, which is generally the first sign that there is affordability issues. So while there is a lot of focus in the press on rates going up, you've got to keep in mind, as Stuart said in his opening comments that wage growth is real and it's happening out there. Confidence is solid, so we put all those things together and we don't look at the headlines, we operate our business. And the business is strong.

Well, maybe I'll answer that. We were about, depending how you look at it, 8% to 10% above the prior year pro forma number and the balance of the year, based on the pro formas that we gave you in the schedule that we released, when we did our last call, Q3 was projected to be up about 12% and Q4 was projected to be up about 7%. And as Stuart said, notwithstanding the fact that we sold and delivered more homes in Q2, because we guided to a 3% number. We are maintaining our Q3 and Q4 guidance.

What I'd like do is I would like to put a pause on this and come back to it at another time. What we are doing as a company right now is really evaluating what, as I said earlier, how we can increase returns and maximize cash flow. And there's a lot of conversations going on today that will evolve over the next year and I'd like to really address that when and if that happens.

But the thing that we are very focused on is when you're doing, when you're involved in the construction of 5,000 to 10,000 apartment homes a year, that gives us additional synergy with regard to cost and maturities. So it's core to a large degree, and we need to just really focus on the evolution of that business.