Thanks, Stuart. In spite of somewhat softer market conditions, we achieved strong top and bottom line growth in the first quarter. Revenues for the first quarter totaled $3.9 billion, representing a 31% increase from 2018. This was largely driven by a 30% increase in deliveries to 8,802 (sic) [ 8,820 ] homes and a 4.1% increase in average sales price.
Deliveries for the quarter fell short of our Q4 guidance and were negatively affected by development and construction delays, driven by adverse weather conditions across the country. These deliveries will shift into our second quarter, and some of our scheduled second quarter deliveries will shift into our third quarter. We expect to return to a more even flow production schedule with non-weather-affected build times by the end of Q2. However, notwithstanding construction weather delays, we accelerated starts in Q1 and successfully got on track with our internal start projections cumulatively through the end of Q1.
Our gross margin totaled 2.1 -- 20.1% in the first quarter. While this was on the lower side of our prior guidance, it was consistent with our Q4 announced strategy to price our inventory to market and to keep our production machine going. We continue to believe that this is the right strategy and that higher operating margins and IRRs will increase shareholder value.
Our SG&A in the quarter was 9.5%. This marks an all-time first quarter low and highlights the power of our increased local market scale and operating leverage.
Homebuilding operating earnings on the sale of homes totaled $383 million in the quarter, up 48% from the prior year. Our operating margin increased 80 basis points year-over-year. We're particularly proud of the fact that our core homebuilding earnings are growing at a much faster rate than revenues, once again demonstrating our increased operating efficiencies.
Net earnings for the quarter totaled $240 million, up 76% from 2018. New orders for the quarter totaled 10,463 homes, exceeding the high end of our Q4 guidance by 5%. Orders in the quarter were up 24% from the prior year, with the dollar value of approximately $4.2 billion, representing a 23% increase. On a pro forma basis, new orders were down 4% from 2018, tied directly to a 4% decline in active communities from the prior year.
The harsh weather in the quarter delayed many community openings, but we should be on track by the beginning of the third quarter with community count.
As I mentioned last quarter, the combination of higher sales prices and mortgage rates moderated demand in our fourth quarter, leading to reduced traffic, lower absorptions and increased sales incentives. During our first quarter, we saw a reversal of these trends, driven by significantly lower mortgage rates and lower sales prices and/or moderating sales price increases. These market changes spurred an increase in traffic on both our website and on our Welcome Home Centers. We saw this activity come first through our digital marketing programs, and on-site community traffic picked up quickly thereafter.
The combined impact of this increased traffic led to sequential increases in new orders in each month of our first quarter, with improved year-over-year performance in each month. Most importantly, we experienced this sequential order growth in every one of our 37 homebuilding divisions. While some of this activity is clearly seasonal, we have seen a noticeable shift in home buyers' sentiment. In addition, while we did increase sales incentives in the first quarter by 20 basis points from the fourth quarter, we are optimistic that we've reached an inflection point and that incentives will start to decline as we enter the heart of the spring selling season.
In any case, we continue to price-to-market and use our dynamic pricing model to maximize price with the strategic focus on volume and higher operating margins over gross margins by themselves.
We ended the first quarter with a sales backlog of 17,259 homes, with a dollar value of $7.1 billion. This backlog, combined with our current housing inventory, puts us in a great position to achieve strong operating results in 2019.
I'd like to briefly discuss the recent changes by FHA designed to tighten the underwriting standards on FHA-originated loans. FHA now requires lenders to manually underwrite loans that have both debt-to-income ratios above 43% and FICO scores below 620, rather than rely on the automated underwriting system. This is a reversion to a policy that was in place from 2013 to 2016. While the loans can still be approved, the manual process takes slightly longer as it requires additional verifications, calculations and qualifying hurdles.
The net impact of these changes to Lennar is insignificant. Based on our analysis of the loans that our Eagle mortgage company has made over the last 5 quarters, we believe that less than 1% of our total loans would have been impacted by these changes.
Before I turn it over to Jon, let me give you a brief update on our land initiatives. The 3 strategic initiatives we discussed last quarter are up and running. Each vehicle is actively pursuing and underwriting new opportunities and moving forward with the entitlement and development of their previously existing portfolios. In addition, we have expanded a geographic territory of 2 of these existing structures to include markets outside of Florida. This expanded footprint will increase our asset-light land strategy in many more of our homebuilding operations.
Lastly, we are continuing to use these existing structures and are in advanced discussions with several regional developers in other markets to expand this program.
Now I would like to turn it over to Jon.

This is Rick. As I said in my comments, we saw sequential increases each month, each quarter by every division that we had. From an overall standpoint, we started in the December month with a negative comparison year-over-year and got finally to, in February, a positive variance that netted to our 4% down for the quarter. You saw increases in absorption pace month to month to month throughout the quarter, and that was pretty much across every market that we saw.

Well, I'll start out with the backlog and Diane's guidance with regard to Q2. Our -- the sales that we generated in the first quarter and some of the sales that we generated in the fourth quarter that will close in our second quarter are affected by some of the incentives that we use to move our inventory. As we said, we are focused on our production model and really geared towards net operating margins, but some of those sales will have a higher incentive in them and, as a result, have a lower gross margin. As we look through the year, we're optimistic that we'll be able to get to a point where we have to offer less incentives to keep that production pace up. We're just beginning the heart of the sales season now, and we'll have to see how the year goes.

And Steve, just one other point on that. As we said in Q4, we didn't see a qualification issue with regard to people when they lock in at the home they could afford. And it was just really a mismatch between buyer expectations and what product they could buy. And now that, that has been reset, and it's sort of like rebooting a computer and that's why Stuart's gotten to the point where that pause is over, and we're back in action, again.

We weren't particularly surprised with the timing or the announcement. This has been something that's been rumbling for a while and -- but as I said, the net impact to us is de minimis.

Jon, you want to start off?

Yes, so just to get to the second point -- portion of your question with regard to product adjustments, we are very laser-focused on what features we should include in our Everything's Included product to capture the best value and provide the best -- best margin for us and provide the best value for our customers. So we look at footprints. We look at included features. We make adjustments. We have regional opportunities going on right now. So we're very focused on that. From a footprint basis, in parts of Texas and some of the Carolinas, you'll see that we're starting to deliver a little bit smaller home. And if you look at just general pricing, on our sales through the last quarter, we were flat year-over-year with regard to ASP. Some of that is mix, but some of that is just lower prices on a year-over-year basis. Our backlog year-over-year is down about -- average price in backlog is down about 6%. So that gives you a true look at some of the pricing adjustments that we've made, but that, as Jon and Diane said, shouldn't really impact our margin going forward.

Well, maybe I'll take a crack at it. I think we're one of the only companies right now, the only company that has given full year guidance. And we'd really not like to get over our skis and get into years outside of this current fiscal year.

It's Rick...

Jon, let me start off. Some of it is just a function as we've got a bunch of communities closing out this quarter, and we have communities that will get back on track, but it's really late in the quarter. So you're seeing a reflection of the number of sales opportunities we have for community count. And Jon, I will put this to you now.

Well, throughout the quarter, as I said, we continue to incentivize in order to move our completed product. This is something we're going to continue to do in each period as we price our inventory to market using our dynamic pricing model. We believe that as we move into Q2 and to Q3 that the level of incentives is going to start to dissipate, and we've started to see that through conversations that we've had with homeowners as we moved through the quarter.

It's Rick, Stephen. As I mentioned last quarter, the deals that we brought into place, the 3 deals, catapulted us to about 30% control position. And we expect that over the next 18 months, we'll be north of 40%, based on the arrangements that we've got in place. This is -- it's a program -- sort of getting back to that last question, what's the biggest mover with regard to where we can enhance our return on equity, it's moving to an asset-light program that Stuart really identified our pivot going back 2 or 3 years ago. So we're going to continue this on. You'll see a higher concentration of deliveries coming from vehicles like this. And as I said last quarter, given the type of arrangement that we have and our right to purchase from these things without a contract, you may not necessarily see them directly in our controlled own count because of the way that they're structured. And as far as other markets, we've expanded them to other parts of the Southeast. Let's just leave it there.

Yes. So really by the time we get into Q3, first month of Q3, you'll start to see a flat year-over-year community count. We had a double whammy come in this last quarter. We had a bunch of communities closing out where -- just because we had good programs going on with regard to sales activity, and we had about 30 communities that were delayed because of weather to get us going. So we'll start to see a more normalized year-over-year comparison as we get into Q3. And as we've said, we plan to grow community count as we move forward in the market.

Yes, as we've said in the past, we think that we want to grow our business about 3 -- minimum of 3% to 5% to 7% with regard to unit activity. Some of that will be associated with a little bit higher absorptions as the market recovers on a community-by-community basis, but some of it is going to be tied to incremental community growth. But really, our zip code is 5% to 7% for the next year or a year or 2.