Thank you, Rick. Today, I'm going to walk you through 2 topics: how we execute on our asset-light land strategy for a just-in-time delivery system of homesites and how we are managing the current unprecedented challenges of supply chain disruptions and labor shortages. As Stuart noted, Lennar has made significant strides in strengthening our balance sheet with improved cash flow generation, driven primarily by the reduction in land owned versus optioned in the years of land owned, which respectively stand at 50% option and 3.3 years. 
In the second quarter, we added about 38,000 homesites net to our controlled total and purchased about 21,500 homesites. We began our asset-light focus years ago, starting with several large regional land relationships who own and develop land on Lennar's behalf. We then created a strategic national process around our approach. The first critical step in formulating this approach was to separate land into 3 distinct risk categories. 
The first category is finished land that is ready for the construction of homes to be started. The second is land under development being readied for the first category is typically less than 4 to 5 years from being ready for construction starts. Land in the third category is beyond the 4- to 5-year period that may need some entitlement, significant planning and has not yet started development. After separating land into these 3 buckets, we then match the risk profile of each asset with the right source of risk-adjusted capital and expertise. 
The first category of land is carried on our balance sheet as it is the land under the homes we are building. This land has no risk to it, and our cash on hand or revolver are the lowest cost of capital for it. The second and third categories of land are structured as option agreements with various strategic relationships that have the strength in capital that fit the specific land profile. Assets that are low in risk profile may go into land banks, which have the next lowest cost of capital. Other more complex land is a good fit for our large regional relationships. 
More recently, we have added significantly larger national relationships structured to match the type of land asset and also contractually structured option agreements, which will survive potential market shocks that has historically created risk through defaulting on option deposits and to maintaining control of the option land, thus further reducing risk. 
The distinct land business is compromised -- sorry, this distinct land business is compromised of an operational team with a singular focus on executing our asset-light strategy by closely coordinating with our local division teams and our strategic third-party relationships. This independent team works to ensure a consistent application of processes and procedures to execute on all of the moving pieces from land underwriting to acquisition, development and completion of just-in-time homesites. 
Importantly, the independence of this team takes the burden off of our homebuilding divisions of negotiating unique individual option agreements with third parties, thereby allowing our divisions to be laser-focused on running our core homebuilding operations. It also provides all of our third-party relationships the ability to work with one voice from a large geographically diverse company. Our focus on separating our land purchases into these 3 distinct risk buckets has allowed us to secure the most cost-effective capital for each land asset. As a result, we are lowering Lennar's cost and risk associated with purchasing each category of land. 
Now I'd like to discuss how Lennar is managing the current environment of supply chain disruptions. You are all familiar with what is occurring. The supply chain has been impacted by the pandemic, by the storms in Texas and by the surge in demand from new construction and big box retailers. Many manufacturers are finding themselves without the materials and/or capacity to keep up with their orders. Additionally, there's a nationwide shortage of trucks and drivers that add to the disruption. As you would expect at Lennar, we have brought an intense daily focus on managing this situation. 
We are effectively managing it through leveraging our strategic supply chain relationships as well as having an unprecedented internal connectivity between our division, regional and national purchasing teams. Today, we work very closely with the leadership of our strategic supply partners as a result of having been focused on being their Builder of Choice over the 5 -- over the past 5 years. We have deeply -- we have been deeply involved and over time in developing relationships, processes and procedures to improve their businesses. This is not just lip service as over the past 5 years, Lennar's changed the way we run our business to improve the bottom lines of our strategic partners' businesses. 
Our actions have earned us the right to sit down with our strategic suppliers and find solutions to today's challenges. Sometimes, it's expediting orders and even warehousing early deliveries. In some cases, it's substituting products. But in all situations, we, together with our partners, are finding solutions. The net effect of these disruptions is about a 2-week increase to our cycle times. 
With respect to our local trade partners, the shortage of labor persists now more than ever. Like the supply chain situation, we have brought an intense daily focus to manage this. Again, our Builder of Choice focus for the past 5-plus years is paying dividends. We've also changed the way we do business with our local building trades over this period of time. Significantly, we have refined the forecasting and communication of starts and have implemented Lennar's level-scheduling program for greater visibility of the upcoming workloads for our trade partners. Today, we now have real-time dashboards showing exactly how many tasks each trade has in the coming weeks and months. This enables them to accurately plan for their labor needs and keep our job sites productive. We believe these dashboards to be a best-in-class forecasting and communication solution. 
Also significant for both our suppliers and our local trade partners is our adherence to Lennar's Everything's Included program. This has never been more important. It simplifies the number of SKUs our suppliers and local trades need to carry. In addition, in this current environment, we've taken further steps to reduce the number of SKUs we use in certain constrained categories. 
Other areas of focus for us are using our level-scheduling dashboards to support our ongoing even flow commitment to our trade partners, along with maintaining our production-first focus on matching sales to starts, as Rick discussed. 
Turning to the cost impacts from the combination of supply chain disruptions, the spike in lumber and trade shortages. Our construction costs in the second quarter were up 3.9% sequentially and 4.5% year-over-year. However, even as construction costs increased, they decreased as a percent of revenues from 41.8% and 44.5% sequentially and year-over-year, respectively, down to 41.3% in our second quarter. With respect to lumber specifically, we all know that lumber reached an all-time high before very recently coming off of that. 
Q4 of 2020 is when we saw the first significant increase in lumber costs, which impacted primarily our Q2 deliveries. The lumber increases, which occurred in Q1 and Q2, will mostly flow through our deliveries in the second half of the year. But as we noted, and Diane will cover in more detail, we believe that Lennar's pricing power will more than offset this, and we expect to deliver stronger gross margins. Looking forward, we expect to see some limited relief on our -- on lumber costs for our July starts as more expensive lumber works its way through the system. And if the current downward trend holds, we will see a more significant benefit for our August starts. 
Lastly, I want to thank the associates of our national land team, led by Casey Davis and Jim Bavouset, with close coordination with all of our division land teams, effectively executed our land-light strategy and just-in-time homesite delivery strategy. I also want to thank our national, regional and division purchasing associates led by Kemp Gillis, who had the difficult job of battling through these unprecedented supply chain disruptions, has done so with tremendous focus, effort and poise. 
Now I'd like to turn it over to Diane.

And again, for us, that ties into our match strategy of sales to production. We're able to hit exactly that pace. As Stuart said, when you go from very, very hot just to very hot, that's still well above the levels we were at a year ago, which were very strong.

I'll only add that as I noted in my comments, with a focus on purchasing, we brought our direct cost down to 41.3% -- sorry, [ 40.1% ] of our revenues. And so if you look at that ratio, we've got a lot of room to go before the lines cross between revenues going off and cost to be able to maintain our margins.

Look, we've been very laser focused on our even flow production and just gradually ramping that up to the increased start level that you noted. And that ultimately does flow through. As I noted, we're seeing about a 2-week cycle time delay. So it's not going to perfectly flow through, but we should see in subsequent quarters our deliveries matching that start pace.

We think that's accurate guidance, Ivy, based on us very methodically scheduling when we're going to sell a home. It's not the same in all markets. It's later in some markets than others, but it's a very carefully -- very meticulous plan not to sell out ahead of ourselves.

Ivy, also remember from a macro view that today, the home is the hub of people's life, very different than it was in the past. So it's not just where they live. It's where they work. It's where they educate. It's where they recreate. And post pandemic, that's still going to be the case for the large part, and therefore, people view the home as more valuable and will put a larger portion of their income towards that more important asset, the home.

And so our focus is on a monthly payment that's very similar to the -- what a mortgage payment would be, but, as Rick highlighted, without the down payment.

With respect to lumber, I don't think anyone felt at the high level that it was that sustainable and it was sort of the perfect storm. We've seen, I think, at the beginning stages of the pullback in lumber costs, a pullback in demand from the big box retailers as the do-it-yourself market postponed projects for 2 reasons. One is for post-pandemic, they're spending money and their time elsewhere and they didn't want to pay that high cost. So there's been a pullback on demand on the lumber supply chain, which has started to bring costs down from the unsustainable levels. 
So as we think about it, every 10% reduction in random lengths equates to about plus or minus $1,700 of our average size home. And same thing for OSB, about the same, about another $1,700 per home. So as you see it drop from the level of a high of $1,500, we'd expect probably our August starts to see a benefit of $200 to $300 a thousand board feet in random lengths. OSB, less than that, as it has not started coming down yet, but it should follow suit.