Thank you, Rick, and good morning, everyone. As Rick and Stuart noted, matching sales pace with our production pace has been our consistent strategic focus that has enabled us to drive excellent performance. By pairing production and sales, we've maximized margins and driven bottom line profitability. 
In the current environment, we could have easily generated more sales, but our view has been and remains that the key to success in this market is all about managing the supply chain and production. I'd like to briefly describe our strategy, performance and expectations for production and construction costs in order to shed some light on how this strategy has been central to our accomplishments this quarter and how it will impact the balance of 2021. 
First, let me share with you some statistics from our first quarter. Our total construction cost per square foot was down 0.7% in Q1 year-over-year, but up 1.9% sequentially from the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, lumber costs increased about $1 per square foot or $2,300 per home, both year-over-year and sequentially. These cost increases were more than offset by other cost decreases year-over-year, but not sequentially, resulting in the overall year-over-year cost decline and sequential cost increase. 
Year-over-year, our construction cost, as a percent of average sales price, decreased from 45% to 42% and remained flat sequentially as our pricing power, driven by our controlled sales pace, offset cost increases seen in our first quarter deliveries. 
Let me take a moment to discuss the situation of lumber and other supply chain challenges. As we all know, lumber is the largest component -- largest cost component of new home construction. It is well documented that the cost of lumber is at all-time high, and supply is limited and demand is high. We will see additional cost increases from lumber throughout the year, with increases from today's all-time high lumber pricing starting with Q3 deliveries. 
Given the unprecedented pricing levels we've seen, it's challenging to predict how lumber prices will trend. But we're encouraged by the additional OSB capacity currently coming online, and the lumber future market indicating some relief. The overall production environment today is defined by a supply chain limited to no excess inventory. Normally, the manufacturers that supply our industry carry 30 to 60 days of inventory and are able to adjust distribution to meet varying demand. However, due to COVID-19 disruptions and manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Mexico and overseas in 2020, that capacity has, at best, dramatically reduced and at worst, eliminated. At the same time, demand has increased from both new home construction and big box retailers. 
This situation makes the supply chain particularly vulnerable to further disruptions, such as the deep freeze that shut Texas last month. That storm shut down the plants that manufacture MDI and poly-based resins, impacting the manufacturing of OSB, paint, insulation, refrigerators and other products. We're working closely with all of these effective manufacturers to ensure that we have the products we need being delivered to our jobsites as we need them. 
To manage for these disruptions in the supply chain of materials as well as to be the builder of choice in a continually constrained labor market, we employ the following strategies and processes. First, we remain disciplined about our Everything's Included approach, which simplifies the entire building process for our trades. We shared data by providing frequent forecast an open purchase order information. We simplified by rationalizing SKUs across multiple categories. We access alternative supply chain solutions and aggressively prebuy materials as needed. Most importantly, we communicate. 
Our trade partners are well in advance of our upcoming production needs. Our divisions know the extended manufacturing lead times in real time and our national supply chain team, led by Kemp Gillis, together with our retail purchasing VPs, are in constant communication with each other, our divisions and all of our trade partners. 
I would best describe the production environment as challenged, but manageable. In the first quarter, we saw a mild increase in our cycle time as we dealt with resolving issues as they presented themselves. And through our strong supply chain partnerships, we were largely able to overcome supply constraints. Our highest volume partners have given us expanded lead times, which we were able to accommodate due to our production first model, where our needs are forecasted several quarters out. We believe we're well positioned with our disciplined and production first process to continue to manage through new challenges as they present themselves. Our focus on these processes is why we are comfortable affirming our deliveries for the year. 
However, this environment is not easily stressed to allow for an increase in deliveries. So our focus is on maintaining our planned starts, deliveries and maximizing margins. 
In conclusion, Lennar's strategy of a managed approach to production and sales pace produced great results in our first quarter. As we look to the balance of the year, we're confident that our gross margins will remain around 25% and will drive our SG&A lower, producing higher net margins and a stronger bottom line, while maintaining our planned volume. 
And now I'll turn it over to Diane.

Sure. This is Jon. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, lumber is the biggest move on the cost side of the equation. And we'll see in Q2, more of an impact from lumber prices that they were spiking in like October of 2020. And so I said we have about $2,300 per home increase in our lumber costs in Q1. That will go up by about another 4,000 or 5,000 per home as we move into Q2. And then in Q3 and Q4, we'll see a repeat of that pattern as lumber prices moved higher in the recent months before what we hope will be an expected leveling off. 
So all of us have mentioned, we've got significant pricing power that's overcoming that big needle mover of the lumber cost increases, that's just a reflection of where the lumber market is. Not something that any of us can do anything about until the market itself corrects. And then as I mentioned, we're seeing other cost increases, other categories. There is supply constraint and increased demand. So natural supply and demand that's occurring in the supply chain.

Yes, Steve, I'll just add that perhaps the fine-tuning of what we've always done has been to further find the risk buckets associated with land. So if you think about the lease risky component, that's the land in which we're building a home zone. And that should really be financed at the lowest cost of capital, primarily our cash on hand or revolver. 
And then if you look at the next bucket and call it the land that is more like with that's ready to come into that production assembly line that's from, say, 0 to 4 years out, that is properly structured relatively very low-risk and should attract the cost of capital that is also very low and separated from sort of that midterm bucket of land, which has historically looked for high teens to 20% kind of returns from an investment standpoint. 
And by properly structuring and really reducing the significant portion of risk associated with that middle bucket we're able to create, as Rick said, a -- more of a systemic approach about a significant size and scale to it, allowing for us a one-stop facility to be able to make it very easy to transact and to really position land to be de-risked.

This is Jon. I'd say that we're seeing consistent demand across our platform. So it's you still have tremendous drive for the more affordable homes as people come out of apartments. And are able to access homeownership for the first time, driven in large part, as we've discussed, by historically low interest rates. But we see it throughout our next-gen product, as you mentioned, which is a phenomenal solution for those looking for a home that's better suited for working at home, playing in at home, educating at home as well as the need for multigenerational families as America continues to age. We're seeing continued demand or renewed demand in our Active Adult product line. 
But if you look at our square footage, which is average the first quarter about 2,300 square feet per home, it's really maintained a very constant level. So even though we have a shift towards more first-time affordable product in our overall mix, you can see the impact of the demand for larger homes, really balancing out our average square footage across the entire platform.

What I would add to that is we have an intense focus because of our production first strategy to looking for land that fits existing product that we build. So we can maximize the reuse of product which really creates efficiencies throughout the system, as you can imagine, for both us internally and all of our trade partners.