Thanks, Stuart. We entered our second quarter with a strong housing market and solid economic fundamentals. This, combined with low mortgage rates and a limited supply of homes, gave us continued sales momentum and pricing power. However, all of this changed in the second half of March through April as the nation dealt with the impacts of COVID-19. While residential construction was designated an essential service in most of our markets, the severe and immediate shutdown of economic activity across the country began to negatively impact our business.  
As a result of the pandemic, our sales orders declined significantly in late March and continued at a reduced rate through April. Despite a strong start in March, new orders for the month were down 10% from the prior year. April marked the low point during the second quarter with orders decreasing 29% from the prior year, and our cancellation rate peaking at 23%. Notwithstanding this slowdown, our team did an excellent job selling homes, be it by appointment, self-guided tours or virtual tours. We also focused on controlling sales prices and managing backlog expectations, which benefited our gross margins in the second quarter and will benefit our gross margins in the back half of the year.  
In May, we saw an influx of new homebuyers wanting to take advantage of extremely low mortgage rates and move out of apartments in densely populated areas and homes they were sharing with friends and family during the pandemic. We also heard increased conviction from people wanting to buy a new, safe and clean home versus an existing home. In May, our new orders increased each week sequentially and were up 7% over the prior year. Our cancellation rate in May also dropped from 18% -- dropped to 18% from the 23% high in April.  
More importantly, our increase in sales was generally achieved while raising prices and reducing incentives throughout the month of May. We rarely comment on sales activity outside of the quarter we are reporting. However, given these fluid market dynamics, I will give you some insight on June.  
For the first 2 weeks of June, our new orders were up 20% over the same period last year. We believe that part of this increase was the recapture of sales activity lost during this year's spring selling season. And there will be a reversion to typical seasonality as we move through the rest of our fiscal year. Recognizing the risks around high unemployment rates and the current trends towards a recurrence in COVID cases we have now projected that this level of activity will continue in the next 2 quarters. However, should this pace extend longer, we plan to carefully match sales with measured and consistent price increases to further enhance our gross margins.  
We also know that our sales activity in the next few quarters will be somewhat constrained by reduced community openings as we slowed development activity to conserve cash in the second quarter and many municipalities shut down their offices and did not issue permits and approvals to start development and sales. Currently, our community count is down 6% year-over-year.  
I'd now like to give you a little color on our markets across the country. It really fall into 3 categories: one, market is not really impacted by the pandemic; two, markets that were impacted but have recovered or where the recovery is well underway; and three, markets that were impacted, but where the recovery is still lagging. Notwithstanding these categories, in all of our markets, we saw a sequential increase in sales activity from April to May and continued strength during the first 2 weeks of June.  
During our second quarter, we had 8 markets that had little to no impact from the pandemic. These include Jacksonville, Coastal Carolinas, Indianapolis, Maryland, Nashville, Dallas, San Antonio and Utah. While most of these markets had stay-at-home ordinance in place, we picked up considerable market share through better execution as many of the builders in these markets shut down their operations. Many of these markets also benefited from low COVID-19 infection rates, so business activity was less impacted. In addition, each of these markets benefited from low inventory levels. And while traffic was down, conversion rates were extremely high as buyers were highly motivated to purchase a safe new home.  
In Dallas and San Antonio, 2 of our larger markets, we continued to benefit from our move down the price curve and by having quick move-in homes. Category 2 includes 18 markets that were impacted by the pandemic, but have either recovered or are well on their way to the recovery.  
Starting in the East. These markets include: New Jersey, North Carolina, Southeast and Southwest Florida, Tampa, Orlando, Chicago, Minnesota, Houston and Austin, Colorado, Arizona, the Inland Empire, San Diego, Central Valley, California, Sacramento, Reno and the Pacific Northwest. While we continue to sell homes and offered limited incentives in each of these markets, municipality shutdowns and lower consumer confidence caused a significant decline in both traffic and sales from mid-March through April. However, across the board, all of these markets started to recover beginning the last week of April and have continued to improve through May and into June.  
In our larger Florida markets, demand in May and the first part of June rebounded strongly. Southeast Florida and Tampa saw increased demand from renters and customers wanting to move from densely populated areas to purchase detached single-family homes. Southwest Florida, which is a big second home active adult market, saw increased demand from customers fleeing the COVID impacted areas in the Northeast to the more safe South Florida market. Raleigh, Charlotte and Atlanta were hit hard initially. However, all of these markets bounced back as business activity resumed in May. In each of these markets, we benefited from the return of the cultural buyer who wanted the safety of a new COVID-free home. These markets also experienced increased demand from buyers looking to relocate from the Northeast.  
The Houston market has been the biggest surprise. While hit hard between mid-March and mid-April, our sales bounced back in May and June, as demand for entry-level products outpaced the fall in oil price. While unemployment is still high due to reduced oil and gas investment, we're extremely well positioned with almost 50% of our communities priced below $300,000. The activity in Houston reflects the incredible diversification that happened in the Houston economy away from oil and gas.  
Austin was the slowest market in Texas to recover. This was in large part due to a stricter shutdown ordinance imposed by the city. However, sales started to recover in May and have increased in the first part of June. The Austin economy is strong with over 7,200 technology companies spurring job growth and demand.  
Moving to Colorado. Colorado is on the road to recovery. And while not fully recovered, the local economy is strong and diverse with limited new home inventory and low resale listings. In May, our traffic increased and sales rebounded from April lows, June has seen a more significant increase in both sales and pricing power. The Phoenix market entered the pandemic as one of the strongest markets in the country, and while impacted, has bounced back strongly. Our sales steadily improved through May and were really strong in the first part of June. We continue to benefit from a broad product offering with many lower-priced communities. The Pacific Northwest has recovered nicely. In spite of the state shutdown in Washington temporarily shutting down construction, we continue to sell and close homes. Demand has improved significantly in May and has continued into June.  
In California, the Inland Empire is the strongest market. While the market took a hit in April, it came back strong in both May and June. The Inland Empire has always been the affordable alternative to the more coastal areas. With low mortgage rates, buyers had flocked back to the market. Most of these have been renters or front-line workers fighting the pandemic.  
Category 3 includes 4 markets that were significantly impacted by the pandemic and where the recovery is lagging the rest of the U.S. These markets include the Bay Area, Orange County, California, Las Vegas and Orlando. The Bay Area market was one of the first markets impacted by COVID-19. And with aggressive government shutdowns, the market just shut down. Consumer confidence lost, demand significantly slowed. While lower pricing -- while the lower-priced single-family market has recovered, the higher density, higher-priced catch market still needs to gain some traction.  
Orange County, California was one of the weakest markets going into the pandemic and is still lagging the other markets on the way out. The combination of reduced demand from Chinese buyers and government shutdowns really chilled the market. While sales more than doubled sequentially from April to May, the market still needs to stabilize further.  
Las Vegas was really impacted by a close down of the casinos and a huge decline in tourism. Unemployment peaked at 30%. While most of this is furloughed in temporary job loss, the casinos, which just reopened, need to rebuild their businesses before things get back to normal. Despite this, we've seen a rebound in both traffic and sales in May and the first part of June.  
Orlando is starting to come back. With the shutdown of international travel, reduced domestic flights and the closure of theme parks, the local economy really slowed down. Sales declined sharply in April, but we saw a bounce back in May and June. With the recent and planned reopening of the theme parks, we're optimistic that this will -- this market will pick up in demand very quickly.  
I hope this gives you a sense of how we're positioned in our local markets. While we have a few markets that are lagging, most have rebounded. From a macro standpoint, the market is strong with limited inventory, pent-up demand, aided by low mortgage rates. In this environment, we've been very focused on balancing pace and price. And while we've increased our sales pace for community, we've been vigilant in raising prices, lowering incentives and reducing our brokerage spend. With low mortgage rates, the impact of our price increases has had a minimal impact on affordability, and this should give us a decent runway to improve gross margins in the coming quarters.  
And now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

Yes. I agree with Stuart. We're going to have to see how things evolve. But we do have some trends that are really positive. Going into this, we had the millennial population that was going through, wanting to move to the suburbs, having babies and things like that. On top of this, we've seen a mass flight from highly populated areas where people just really don't want to be confined in small spaces. So we are really positioned well and have been investing in opportunities and contracting for land to take advantage of this. One of the most interesting dynamics that we're looking at is with the dramatic fall in oil prices, people have the ability if they need to commute, to commute at much more affordable levels, but many times now since you can work at home, you don't need to drive anywhere. So that really opens up a vast amount of opportunities for us as we look down the road.

And Ivy, one other point, and you've seen it in how you're tracking the better run and higher Class A REITs, is in our Multifamily business, our occupancy really hasn't changed much. We have people paying rent, and it really didn't have a big dip in any of that. And what we've seen as we've really drilled down is it's coming from the non-Class A lower quality apartments where people don't want to live there anymore. In the higher Class A that have good amenities, there's people that want to live there. But we're seeing a mass exodus from the lower quality non-amenitized departments across the U.S.

I think we're just going to have to monitor how things change in the economy. We're seeing a lot of double dual income folks coming to our communities. We're -- with mortgage rates as low as they are, small price changes, even incremental within a couple of months, really don't move the needle that much. So it's an interesting phenomenon right now.

So the cancellation rate really has come down, as I highlighted. And we also pointed out that through the month of May, each week got picked up in activity. So the last week of May was stronger than the first week of May. And then really going back over the last 6 weeks, in each of those weeks, we sold north of 1,000 homes increasing during that time period. So we did see the market solidify, that continued into June. And the markets got a good solid footing right now.

We really haven't talked about June can rate, but that has come down. And I just want to be very careful to not give too many micro statistics associated with the business. The trend line was consistent throughout the month, increasing week-to-week and continuing into June.

So I'll take the question that we really don't know the great answer to, which is we expect our community count to dip slightly in Q3, stabilize in Q4 and we're optimistic as we enter 2021 through the balance of 2021 that will see probably a 5% increase in community count in 2021. Just really can't underestimate the difficulty it has been getting communities out of the ground as towns and municipalities reopen up and do permitting.

Going down.