Thanks, Rick. This morning, I'll discuss how our first quarter was impacted due to supply chain disruptions, inflationary impacts on construction costs and on-cycle time increases, as well as our team's ability to manage through these challenges. At Lennar, we continue to deal with our fair share of disruptions. Some of the supply chain disruptions were like the ones we faced in our fourth quarter, where we experienced intermittent disruptions affecting different trades at different times and in different geographies. The first quarter was also different in that the Omicron spike in January dramatically impacted everything. A significant amount of labor at manufacturers, suppliers, local trade partners and our own associates was out from work. This was most severe in January and then eased rapidly in February. 
At times in January, it seemed as though as much as 1/2 of the workforce across the industry was quarantined at home. This challenged our management, purchasing and construction teams to be extremely nimble in finding workaround solutions to the unique challenges that the Omicron spike created. Labor returned in February to the manufacturing plants and at our communities as manufacturers and trades are now hard at work to make up for lost time. Many manufacturers have stabilized their lead times, and there are currently fewer situations of late deliveries. However, some manufacturers still have meaningful challenges ahead. 
The following categories are continuing to deal with significant constraints. These are electrical equipment, garage doors, HVAC condensers, flex duct and cabinets. In response to the ongoing disruptions and future unknown risk of new disruptions, our divisions are more closely managing the inventory of local trades and adding additional labor by onboarding new trade partners, while our regional and national teams stay in constant communication with manufacturers and suppliers in support of our divisions. 
The supply chain challenges in the first quarter resulted in an increase in cycle time and contributed to an increase in direct construction costs. Our average cycle time increased approximately 2 weeks sequentially over Q4 and about 2 months year-over-year. Given the severity of the challenges created by the sudden Omicron spike, I want to take this opportunity to recognize and thank our associates for their leadership, creativity and tenacity in overcoming this situation. Their extraordinary efforts enabled Lennar to deliver over 20 -- 12,500 homes to eagerly awaiting homeowners in our first quarter. 
As we look at the balance of the year and our guidance to deliver 68,000 homes, we are strategically focused on accelerating starts to give us more inventory under construction. This will provide a cushion against expanding cycle times, allowing our management teams more opportunities to complete homes in line with our plans. 
Turning to cost now. Our direct construction costs were up 3% sequentially from Q4 and 23% year-over-year. Lumber was relatively flat sequentially, but accounted for about 60% of the year-over-year increase. As you are aware, lumber dramatically increased again, up almost 100% since December 1 to $1,400 per thousand board feet. This increase in lumber will cause about a $5 per square foot increase by August of this year. Further increases are anticipated as lumber futures indicate short-term inflation through the spring cycle or into early summer. Then based on our analysis and on feedback from key lumber industry participants, we believe the deflation of lumber prices will follow. 
This pattern looks to mirror what took place last year with dramatic -- with lumber's dramatic rise and fall. Despite operating in this cost inflationary environment, our first quarter direct construction costs as a percent of revenue were stable at 43%, which is basically flat compared to 42% both sequentially and year-over-year. Simply put, our pricing power is offsetting these cost increases. As Rick noted, we are achieving this through the disciplined matching of sales pace to construction pace. Our divisions have been and remain laser-focused on being a production-first operation. Our execution is an ongoing refinement and improvement of our dynamic pricing and FIFO sales approach, allowing effective control of which homes are released for sale and at what price. 
In conclusion, it bears repeating that we remain disciplined and focused about our Everything's Included strategy and on being the builder of choice for our trade partners, a program, which is now entering its seventh year. This program has successfully created close-knit relationships with our strategic building partners, allowing both parties to make adjustments in these unprecedented times. These strategic relationships enable us to be better at solving problems in 2022 than we previously were. 
Additionally, as Stuart aptly noted, Kemp Gillis, Rick and I are currently traveling the country, meeting with senior management of key supply chain relationships to explore how to solve issues that need immediate attention and how to think differently about the supply chain going forward. We have meaningful exchanges of thoughts and ideas on how to alter the current configuration of the supply chain to reduce and remove future disruptions. 
We believe these -- the results of these efforts will provide for the fastest path to stabilization of the supply chain for Lennar. We also expect to achieve meaningfully improved efficiencies and throughout the supply chain, providing for better control of both costs and cycle times. 
Thank you, and I'll turn it over to Diane.

Yes. I think you hit a lot of the key points, Stuart. Starting with size and scale, as you mentioned, really gives us a seat at the table and the prioritization. But Truman, as you would imagine, if you sit down with CEOs and key executives of manufacturers, of distributors for 4 to 6 hours, really opening up the thought process to how do we have a different approach to the products we buy, to the way that they're distributed, to joining together manufacturers and distributors, to think through from the origin of the supply chain all the way to the installation of home, you're going to come up with a lot of interesting thoughts and ideas. And we're in the process right now of really vetting those. We'll be beta testing them and are very confident that we already see opportunities for significant improvement. 
As I mentioned, it's going to give us better cost control for both us and for our trade partners and give us much more clarity as to the delivery process. And it begins a lot with our technology and our ability to give forecasting information, with real clarity to our vendors, which is critically important for them as they plan how to strategically supply us.

And Mike, I would also add that, as we mentioned, we're very careful at controlling what we release for sale. There's clearly demand across all our markets, where if we released more homes, that they would sell. And people are waiting for us to release more homes. And I'd also point out 1 data point which I think just supports the current state of what we're seeing, is that our web sessions online are up over 20% year-over-year and the conversion of those to leads is up almost 50%, just indicating the significant interest that's out there in homeownership.

And Steve, just to add some color to what Rick said. We are very focused on accelerated growth in Texas. So let he was referring to that community-driven mix. It's not a timing thing, it's strategic, and it's going to be ongoing as compared to the growth rate in California. California is still growing and has a higher ASP, but Texas is growing about twice as fast, strategically, for us at a lower ASP.