Thanks, Rick. This morning, I will discuss our sales and inventory management focus, our land strategy and give an update on the status of the supply chain. I'd like to start by laying out a few additional thoughts on the detail that Rick just walked you through.  
As discussed, this quarter was all about the daily process of adjusting home prices to find market clearing values in each individual community. As noted, our starts and sales pace for the quarter were 4.4 homes and 4.0 homes, respectively. This gap between starts pace and sales pace comes from the time it takes to make the pricing adjustments necessary to be perceived as value by the consumer finding that value proposition is a process that takes several weeks and is ongoing. 
In other words, once market pricing is found through discovery, the market often experiences further adjustments, and a new value proposition must be discovered.
As we went through the process of finding clearing prices in communities, this informed our decision-making, which enabled broader pricing adjustments, leading to our improved sales pace across our entire platform for the month of August.  
As Stuart noted, our operators use our dynamic pricing model to help them understand the timing of inventory as it moves through the construction process. This tool gives us visibility into sales pace and associated pricing by community and even by plan, allowing us to maintain our starts pace without building up excess inventory. Our inventory position at the end of the quarter was just over 500 completed unsold homes or 0.4 homes per community.  
Next, I want to discuss our land focus in the third quarter. As expected, we focused a lot of attention on reassessing every land deal in our pipeline along with updating our underwriting. Based on our intense review, we move forward only on those deals with starts in 2023 and where we were also confident in the updated financial underwriting.  
Most of the land deals we closed on in the quarter came from our strong land relationships with existing structured quarterly takedowns. These takedowns are deals where we would be starting the homes quickly and still projected healthy margins. All other deals based on the updated underwriting either had its timing delayed, was restructured or we did not proceed.
Our intensified focus on our land-light strategy was evidenced by our controlled home site percentage increasing to 63% at the end of the third quarter, up from 53% last year. We also further reduced the years of owned home sites to 2.9 years at the end of the third quarter, down from 3.3 years last year. And we reduced the number of home sites purchased in the third quarter to about 13,100, down 21% and 25% year-over-year and sequentially, respectively.
Our extreme focus on a deal-by-deal review and adherence to our disciplined land lighter model drove the significant improvement in the strength of Lennar's balance sheet, as Stuart discussed.
Now I'd like to turn to the current state of the supply chain. Our third quarter continued presenting some favorable cycle time results while still dealing with ongoing disruptions from certain material shortages. Although it was minor, it's still significant that we achieved a 3-day reduction in cycle time in Q3 from Q2.
Additionally, over 50% of our markets experienced cycle time reductions in the third quarter compared to 25% in the second quarter. The primary material disruption in the third quarter was related to the delivery of electrical equipment such as switchgear, multimeter boxes and pad-mounted transformers.
Construction labor remains very tight as industry-wide high levels of volume for second half deliveries moves through the various stages of construction. We expect to start seeing some easing in labor as the overall industry reduces the level of construction starts. This easing should start to first occur in the fourth quarter with front-end trades and in the first quarter with finished trades.
As expected, cost increased in our third quarter as increases from lumber that spiked in Q1 flowed through our third quarter closings. We also saw increases in other material costs and labor in Q3 closings, resulting in a total direct construction cost increase of 6% and 21% sequentially and year-over-year, respectively. As a reminder, the drop in lumber prices we saw earlier in the year materially benefited the cost of our starts in the third quarter and will flow through deliveries in the first half of 2023.
Thank you, and I'll now turn it over to Diane.

Yes. I would just add that we have extremely strong relationships with a lot of land partners. And relative to your question, we are able to work with them to either adjust timing, to restructure, to change pace. And that combined with, as Stuart described, just a constant refreshing analysis just keeps us very current so that the land we are acquiring is turning into starts very quickly with very acceptable margins. And if it doesn't fit that criteria, we're finding the appropriate alternative solution for the asset.

The only thing I would add is that we're also -- during this time, as Rick highlighted, we have to find the right price to match the affordability perspective and reality that our customer has. It's -- we look very carefully at our product offering to see where we can do some significant value engineering as well as introduce smaller, more efficient product into certain markets. So we continue to move down the price curve and meet the place where affordability for the consumer intersects with mortgage payment and home prices.

I think you really covered exactly what our operating strategy is, Stuart. And Stephen, your assessment of the numbers is right and of the consumer desirability especially in a changing interest rate environment. For a quick move-in, they can lock in their rate if they buy today and create that certainty for themselves. So that is definitely an advantage. 
But we're very focused, as Stuart highlighted, using dynamic pricing to make sure our homes are sold in time. So as they come off our construction assembly line, we're able to deliver them to the customer. And they'll fall in that range in a more normalized time of about one community per week. It will fluctuate from time to time, but that's our focus.

I think that's right. As we've talked about on prior calls, the second half and in the fourth quarter will be our peak construction cost as the highest lumber work through that. And that will start coming down at the very end of the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. 
So that makes sense what you said, Rick. And clearly, the biggest driver is what we're doing to adjust to market to keep our sales price.