Thanks, Stuart. In these recovering market conditions, our homebuilding operations executed at a high level and produced solid results. 
Homebuilding revenues for the second quarter totaled $5.2 billion, representing a 3% (sic) [ 4% ] increase from 2018. This was driven by a 5% increase in deliveries to 12,729 homes and a 1% decrease in average sales price. Deliveries for the quarter exceeded the high-end of our guidance as we were able to accelerate some third quarter closings into the second quarter. Our gross margin for the quarter totaled 20.1%, which was within the range of prior guidance and flat sequentially with our first quarter. 
As Stuart mentioned, our second quarter gross margin was impacted by an increase in sales incentives offered to homebuyers during the market pause in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our margin was also slightly impacted by an increase in the number of closings coming from third-party option contracts versus on land that we developed ourselves. This is in line with our land-lighter strategy that is focused on maximizing cash flow and our internal rates of return. Notwithstanding that our gross margins were down in the quarter, we expect our margins to increase in both Q3 and Q4 through a combination of reduced incentives and lower direct construction costs that Jon will talk about. 
Our SG&A in the quarter was 8.4%. This marks an all-time second quarter low and highlights the power of our increased local market scale and our operating leverage. Homebuilding operating earnings on the sale of homes totaled $603 million, up 48% from the prior year. Net earnings for the quarter totaled $421.5 million, up 36% from 2018. New orders for the quarter increased 1% to 14,518 homes, exceeding the high-end of our Q1 guidance. From a dollar value perspective, new orders totaled $5.8 billion, which was down 4% from the prior year, reflecting an increase in sales incentives, which I talk about, a higher percentage of entry-level homes and a transition away from the higher-priced CalAtlantic homes in the year ago period. 
Our average sales price will continue to move lower going forward as many new entry-level communities come online. This is particularly the case in Texas as all of our Texas markets in the last 18 months, we bought over 75% of the land that's targeted to entry-level product. 
During the second quarter, we saw increased seasonal demand, which benefited from both lower mortgage rates and moderating sales price increases. Homebuyers' sentiment improved throughout the quarter, and we experienced solid traffic on both our website and our Welcome Home Centers. While lower rates help drive demand, we continued to price-to-market and offer incentives, although at reduced levels from the market pause, to keep our homebuilding business on track to build and close more than 50,000 homes in 2019. We continue to believe that maintaining an even flow of steady production is the best operating strategy as it will drive higher operating margins, IRRs and increase shareholder value. 
We ended the second quarter with a sales backlog of 19,061 homes with a total dollar value of $7.7 billion. This backlog combined with our current housing inventory puts us in a great position to achieve strong operating results in fiscal 2019. 
Before I turn it over to Jon, let me give you a brief update on our land initiatives. The 3 strategic initiatives we discussed last quarter have continued to expand in both their initial markets and into new markets. In the last quarter, these ventures have put under contract or closed more than 11,000 homesites. Lennar will build on the majority of these homesites, with selective sales to other builders to enhance the overall return -- in these ventures. As I said in the past, the majority of these homesites will be delivered to us fully developed on a rolling basis, so just-in-time inventory. 
In the second quarter, we also announced another strategic transaction with Level Homes, an Engquist development in Raleigh, North Carolina. Through this transaction, we purchased 34 homes under construction and 29 developed homesites. More importantly, in continuing with our asset-light land strategy, we have a future right to purchase approximately 1,600 finished homesites across 7 communities. These homesites will be delivered by Engquist over the next 6 years, and this marks the beginning of a new strategic relationship in the Carolinas. 
Recognizing the continuing short supply of dwellings, both for sale and for rent, we recently entered an agreement with one of our long-standing third-party relationships to build homes that will be purchased by that third party in a standalone rental community. This community is in Florida and is the first in what we believe will be an ongoing business strategy and relationship where we build and sell homes in bulk on land owned by third parties with no lease-up risk. We are actively discussing this program with several landowners and investors that control large parcels of land suitable for single-family rentals in locations where we have a leading market share and we are the low-cost producer. We are optimistic that we can replicate this program and that we can leverage our buying power and building expertise to achieve outside returns and continue to lower our SG&A. We love this new business model as it will generate high IRRs, strong margins, leverage our existing overhead with no accompanying land risk. This is a perfect expansion of our land-light strategy. 
Now I'll turn it over to Jon.

Yes. And if I had to give you sort of trajectory in the quarter, May was the strongest month from us -- for us from both the new sales orders, from an absorption pace standpoint and from just an overall field, traffic and buyer sentiment. Incentives were down quite a bit from our fourth quarter with regard to the incentive in the sales order. And that's what gives us a little bit confidence that you'll start to see some margin improvement in the back half of the year combined with the construction cost up that Jon highlighted.

Yes, that's what I was trying to address. If you looked at the incentives in the new sales orders, not in the closed home, for Q4 that was about 6.1% in the fourth quarter. As we moved into Q1 and Q2, we saw additional improvement, Q1 was about 5.7%, Q2 was about 5.6%, but trending in the quarter down through the quarter of Q2.

That's what you asked, yes.

Yes. And as I said in my remarks, the market is really following its typical seasonal pattern with improvement from the prior quarter periods. So I think it's too soon to tell whether it's going to be an elongated selling season because of mortgage rates being down. But what it has done is peaked buyer interest because things are more affordable right now.

Well, we haven't really given projections into 2020, so I think that's a little bit premature right now.

I guess the other...

I'd add to that, Ivy, is we benefit from being the low-cost producer. And while margins may move up or down depending on what goes on in the economy, we do know that we have an operating advantage. In addition to that, on this for-sale rental stuff, these are in areas that we wouldn't build but for this type of program because it's not a good for-sale market, it's more affordable markets where we found an opportunity to leverage our operating platform. As Stuart said, we are not seeing cracks in the system out there. We feel that the economy is moving along. And we're quite confident that if there is a downturn, that we'll be able to react very proactively and slow down the machine but still have tremendous cash flow because we won't have to buy as much land. So I think in an environment where the market goes down, we're really strategically positioned to outperform. Got to keep in mind that during the last downturn, there were different issues at play. The biggest issue was that people couldn't afford to stay in their homes because mortgage rates were much higher. We don't have that. And then past decline, that's when a lot of inventory came to the market because people couldn't afford to live where they were living. That's not the case today.

I think, I -- sort of just to end this. We've run the analytics and models to understand where we maximize returns and profitability based on pricing and pace. And we started this year saying that we were going to deliver a certain number, we knew what our fixed overhead and our operating costs were, and we're driving towards a cash flow number and an earnings number. And we could certainly slow down production and push price but that wouldn't produce a better result. So I think we're operating the company with the strategy that we entered the year, and you are focused on one small piece of the puzzle when there's a big -- a lot of pieces around it.

Yes. I'll let Diane talk about the go-forward number. But I think you need to keep in mind, Steve that the land spend in any quarter is not necessarily dollars that are at -- that just came together in an acquisition in that quarter. Some deals take years to come together in order to get to a point where all the entitlements are in place and we're ready to go. And a lot of the land that you're looking at that got acquired has been under contract for 2 or 3 years. So you can't look at a comparison between last quarter and the quarter before that to this because it's apples and oranges, particularly since we're buying and contracting for a much larger business now than we were in the past.