Thanks, Stuart. This is Rick. In spite of somewhat softer market conditions, we achieved strong top and bottom line growth in the fourth quarter, driven by the successful integration of CalAtlantic. 
Revenues for the quarter totaled $6.5 billion, representing a 71% increase from 2017. This was largely driven by a 64% increase in deliveries to 14,154 homes. Our gross margins, excluding backlog and construction in process write-up, totaled 22.1%. This was slightly below our prior guidance as we chose to aggressively sell completed inventory and price to market as the market softened in the quarter. Our SG&A in the quarter was 7.9%. This marks an all-time quarterly low and a 50 basis point improvement from 2017. It also highlights the power of our increased local market scale and our operating leverage. Net earnings for the quarter totaled $796 million, up 157% from 2017. Excluding the gain on the sale of Rialto, net earnings totaled $568 million, up 83% from 2017. New orders for the quarter totaled 10,611 homes, up 44% from the prior year with a dollar value of approximately $4.2 billion, representing a 49% increase. 
On a proforma basis, new home orders decreased 2% from the prior year. In the quarter, the combination of higher sales prices and mortgage rates moderated demand, leading to reduced traffic, slower absorptions and increased incentives. Our sales pace per community dropped sequentially and year-over-year from 3.1 to 2.7. Sales incentives increase sequentially from 5.2% to 5.6%, but remained lower than our fourth quarter in 2017. 
In December of 2019, our fiscal year, we did see an increase in qualified traffic and were able to reduce our sales incentives. While it's too soon to tell, we are optimistic that improved consumer confidence and wage growth combined with lower mortgage rates will spur increased activity as we move into the spring selling season. We ended the fourth quarter with a sales backlog of 15,616 homes with a total dollar value of $6.6 billion, which was up 75% and 85%, respectively, from 2017. 
As I said earlier in the fourth quarter, we strategically closed and sold a lot of completed inventory at market prices to generate cash flow and to avoid a buildup in inventory in the current soft market environment. In addition, a large percentage of our sales during the quarter due to our dynamic pricing model that Jon will discuss further, were sales earlier in the construction process. The combined impact of this strategy leaves us positioned with a historically low beginning first quarter completed unsold inventory and a backlog with a significant concentration of early-stage sales. Based on this, our first quarter 2019 deliveries should be in the range of 9,000 to 9,500 homes. 
As we look out over the year, given our existing land positions and our production-orientated operating strategy, we comfortably expect to deliver over 50,000 homes in fiscal 2019. As I mentioned last quarter, we are laser focused on cash flow generation to reduce debt and to opportunistically repurchase shares. To further enhance our cash flow generation, we are continuing our pivot to a land-lighter operating model with an emphasis on controlling more land versus a more cash-intensive land acquisition and development program. 
We ended the year with approximately 25% of our homesites controlled via option contracts and similar arrangements, and our goal is to increase this to over 40% in the next several years. This shift in land strategy will increase our returns on inventory and generate additional cash flow. As I mentioned last quarter, we entered into strategic agreements with 3 of our long-standing regional developers in the Southeast to provide us access to their current land portfolios and exclusive access to the future residential land acquired and developed by these developers. While the 3 deals are slightly different, in each one we made a strategic investment to achieve the following 5 attributes: one, limit our land-related overhead costs; two, capitalize on the proven expertise, infrastructure, local market knowledge and deep relationship of the management teams running these established companies; three, control residential land entitled, acquired and developed by these strong regional developers; four, acquire land at a discount to current market values and/or participate in the development profit of their operating companies; and five, in some cases, receive homesites on a just-in-time basis. While we're at the early stages of reshaping our land program, through these 3 initial partnerships, we will have access to approximately 20,000 additional homesites, which should increase our controlled position to approximately 31% and move us much closer to our 40% goal we announced last quarter, with more to come as these relationships expand. 
In addition, we are in discussions with regional developers in other markets and we're confident that we can execute similar programs with them. 
Before I turn it over to Jon, I'd like to give you an update on LMC, our multifamily development business. On the brighter side of the soft housing market, our rental apartment business has seen significant pickup in both rents and lease-ups. LMC generated $42.7 million in operating earnings in fiscal 2018, which was down from 2017 due to a strategic shift from a merchant build-to-sell model to a build-to-hold model. While we still have a pipeline of 30 merchant-build communities with over 9,000 homes and a total development cost of $3.6 billion, our real focus is to create long-term cash flow and value through the buildout of our Lennar Multifamily Venture 1 and 2. Lennar Multifamily Venture was our first -- number one, was our first build-to-core vehicle, where we raised $2.2 billion from 6 global, sovereign and institutional investors. The LMV I capital has been fully allocated across 39 assets and 11,673 homes with a total development cost of $4.1 billion. Of the 39 assets, 10 are completed and stabilized, 12 are in lease-up, 16 are under construction and 1 is about to start construction. Based on the appraised value of the 10 assets that have completed construction and stabilized at the end of fiscal 2018, the current market value of Lennar's investment is $320 million on our basis of $219 million, resulting in a cumulative gain of $101 million. As this venture is held at historical cost basis, this gain has not been included in LMC's operating earnings and represents future profits for Lennar. 
In addition, we believe there is significant tremendous built-up gain in the balance of the 29 communities, given that they are fully built out -- bid out with strong rent and lease-up dynamics in an improving rental market. In addition to LMV I, we recently completed the fourth close of LMV II, our second build-to-close vehicle. LMV II currently has committed capital of $787 million, has 1 asset under construction and has started predevelopment on 7 communities with the total pipeline of 3,015 apartment homes and a total development cost of $1.3 billion. 
In addition, LMV II has 6 additional seed assets that will be contributed in subsequent closings as additional partners come in through the end of March of '19. With a total merchant-build and build-to-core pipeline of 83 communities, totaling over 26,000 apartments homes with the development cost of over $10 billion, we are extremely well positioned to create long-term value for our shareholders in an improving rental market. And now I'd like to turn it over to Jon.

Shares.

So Ivy, I'll start of and then I'll flip it over to Stuart and Jon. This is Rick. We're really geared up as a production-oriented builder right now. And given the tight labor-end market, we feel it's extremely important to keep our production pace up, we have the land that's in queue and our intent is to build and deliver more than 50,000 homes this year, even if it's at the expense of some margin. We know that it's important to generate cash flow. It's important for us to leverage our G&A and I think that's the best operating model that we can have in this environment. And if builders pull back with the market softness, we're going to increase our share.

And the ancillary benefit will be, as we see in the land market when builders adjust their pace, there'll be incremental opportunities for us to step into some land positions that will be attractive at lower cost base. So we're continuing to move forward.

Yes, I guess, the only thing I'd add to that, Ivy, is, as Jon said, once you get to the higher price points the market is there. Buyers are being very particular, but it's a bit softer. With regard to specific markets, I know Houston always comes up with the volatility in the oil market. The market has gotten a little bit skittish above that sort of $350,000 price. Fortunately, we have a great position in lower-price communities in that market and so we've been benefiting. An example of a real strong market that you wouldn't think of today is San Antonio. We've got a great position at the lower end of that market, and that market is extremely strong right now.

Let me start with the land transactions and these programs. Yes, I'm giving a little bit more incremental information each quarter, Steve, because you keep asking. But I really do want to keep some of this close to the vest. What I do -- what I can share with you is that we have a profit participation in 2 of the programs, because we made a strategic investment in their operating companies. And through that investment, we'll share in development profits over and above the ability to purchase homesites that are at a below-market cost because of our investment to the extent that these entities sell land that we don't want to build on will participate in the full profit through our interest in the development entities. And another -- and so we've slightly structured different deals, but in essence, they all have the same type of flavor, where we can access land at below cost -- below market cost and also participate in the development profits at the entity level.

Ultimately, it should. In the beginning, since we're coming out of the ground right now, you won't see a tremendous impact in 2019. But the long-term benefit of these relationships will be that we should be able to leverage more G&A -- that third party G&A at the same point in increasing our return on assets, and that's really the model that Stuart laid out for us in our program. That's the whole concept of the land business.

So from an overall land strategy, and we're continuing on our land acquisition program, we've expanded it through these relationships with some very strong third-party regional developers. We do opportunistically take advantage of market weakness when builders pullback from opportunities, it gives us an opportunity to swoop in, generally on something that could be shovel-ready at a price that's more competitive than it was under contract. This is something that's in the Lennar DNA going back 20 years, and that's not to suggest that we're going to overpay for something or chase deals in order to get volume. We view things opportunistically and we run our business every day.

But in either case frankly, our operating model right now is to continue production and to solve for margin. And so the thing at risk in the P&L will be where that margin goes to. And if we need to sacrifice margin in order to keep pace, in order to maximize net operating margin that's what we're going to do.

So what's difficult to project and look at is we're basing our pickup in traffic on a December month, which is a very seasonably slow month. What we have done with regard to first quarter expectations is take, basically, sales absorptions and sort of streamlined those over the next 3 months in the quarter, which is resulting in a down year-over-year on a pro forma basis, but we don't feel it's appropriate to give guidance that picks up an activity that's above what we've seen in the field. So what we're trying to do is just be straight up with you as we did last quarter. And I think that's what you're seeing in the numbers.

We saw increased traffic, increased qualified traffic, increased folks willing to buy. But as you look at December versus other months, it's a seasonably low month of the year, so it's difficult to use that as a barometer for the rest of the balance of the year.

Yes, so that's exactly what our program is. We started this soft visit going back several years ago. Coming out of the downturn, we were aggressive buyers of land and we were opportunistic. As we sit today, we're about -- last quarter we ended the year with 25% controlled through these additional relationships, we're up to about 31% controlled and I'm extremely optimistic that we'll get to north of 40% relatively shortly. And as we move forward and establish these relationships across the country, which I'm confident we'll be able to do, I think we'll be able to exceed what our original goal was. [ which I think will allow us ] to get better returns and achieve all the benefits we identified.

So this is Rick. We -- our incentives for December, which is really just 1 month and I just -- I want to make sure that everybody understands, because as I said in my commentary, it's too soon to tell where things are going to go. But the incentives for December were consistent with our quarter for the third quarter of last year -- of fiscal 2018. So we saw a market improvement in our sales incentives. That said, as we've discussed throughout the call, we're going to continue our program and price tomorrow and if the -- we have to incentivize more or less, we're going to move inventory.