Yes. Ivy, the only thing I'd add to that is, as Stuart, Jon and I have really looked at the limited inventory that's available on the market, there's really premium pricing available for things that are close to completion or completed. And it doesn't make sense for us to sell so early or do a dirt sale when we can command a higher price because people want something they can move into.

And I guess the other thing I'd add, Ivy, which is just math. If you just take a 16% growth in sales for the quarter on a $50,000 plus type of run rate and compare that to a much higher growth rate on a much smaller builder, we're still gaining share.

I don't think we've seen any specific markets that are out of whack. We continue to benefit from the solid relationships we have with the land community. We've been doing transactions and strategizing for years with the land community. And those deep relationships are continuing to provide us opportunities, as Stuart mentioned.

Yes. So for 2021, we're anticipating a 10% community count increase year-over-year. We have all those communities in hand today and are very comfortable with the rollout of those throughout the balance of 2021.

Go ahead.

Yes. And just following up on the new home automation is just incredible demand. WiFi connectivity, no dead spots in the home. The home automation package that we're offering is a real driver of growth, whether it's on the entry-level or the move-up side.

Yes. So the only thing I'd add to that is that you'd see us utilizing extremely efficient, highly-productive product that's going to continue to drive those margin increases. Jon and the team have done a phenomenal job at value engineering, what we build and just continuing to drive cost out. That combined, you'll see a continuation of our focus on the entry-level and that first-time move-up, to really capture the flag that you were talking about with regard to where the market growth is.

Yes. I think we're constantly evaluating ways to maximize the underlying value of those investments. Stuart has said over and over that we're very focused on reverting to core. We're very focused on enhancing the returns and maximizing the value of the assets. If you look at the various components, whether it's LMC, which is a blue-chip, Class A Multifamily production machine, they have created a great franchise. Moving to the technology, I'll really let Jon and Stuart talk about that. But the investments that have been made there, as Stuart has said, benefit the core with regard to increasing the efficiencies of our operations but also really lay the groundwork for, hopefully, some great returns on those investments in and of themselves.

So on the land hold side, we are laser-focused on bringing the land owned down to that 3-year level or less. We're very focused, as Stuart said, of getting to that 50%-50% owned option. And we have a high degree of confidence that we'll get there. The entire company, all of our land acquisition folks are laser-focused on achieving those goals.

If you think about it, Truman, when you're a landowner, one of the biggest drivers of your ability to make a cash flow on that asset is the builder's ability to work through those homesites on an accelerated basis. And given the fact that our cycle time is industry leading, we offer a great solution to a landowner on a takedown basis because they make their money at the end of the deal, not at the beginning of the deal.

Yes. I'll tell you that right now, we're very lean on completed inventory per community, which is exactly where we want to be. It's around one or less on an aggregate basis on a community level basis, which means that we're keeping a highly efficient cash flow model going. We've got an assembly line that is producing homes to fill that gap. And we're exactly where we want to be on completed homes as well as under construction homes, right?

Yes. And one of the things you mentioned is when we pause the activity on both the starts and the development during COVID, it slowed down some of our newer communities from opening. So as you highlighted, community count is dipping in Q4. But as I said, in 2021, you'll see a rebuild of that.