Thank you, Farhan. Micron delivered strong F Q2 results above our original projections, driven by solid execution and higher-than-expected demand across multiple end markets. The DRAM market is in severe shortage and the NAND market is showing signs of stabilization in the near term. The execution from the Micron team and these [indiscernible] conditions enabled us to set revenue records for mobile MCPs and automotive products and to reach normal levels of inventory ahead of schedule.  
Following last quarter's introduction of 176 layer NAND into volume production, in F Q2, we began volume production on our 1-alpha DRAM node, solidifying our technology leadership in both DRAM and NAND. We are in an excellent position to capitalize on the strong demand for memory and storage, driven by artificial intelligence and 5G across the data center, the intelligent edge and user devices.  
I'll start with an update on our operations. The Micron team is doing everything we can to meet customer demand despite the challenges of the pandemic, NAND memory component shortages in the electronics industry and disruptions that occurred in our Taiwan fabs in December. We are confident that our COVID-19 safety protocols will allow us to continue at full production levels and we are encouraged to see vaccines become increasingly available around the world.  
Micron has been able to mitigate the impact of broad electronics industry shortages to our production output through our proactive supply chain and inventory management strategies. Investments made over the last several years in facilities infrastructure allowed us to minimize lost output caused by the power outage and earthquake at our Taiwan operations in December. Recently, due to the drought in Central Taiwan, there has been a reduction in the water supply for one of our DRAM fab sites. To mitigate the water shortage, we are accelerating our water conservation efforts and have secured alternative sources of water. At this time, we do not see an impact to DRAM production output. However, this is a developing situation that we are monitoring closely for the next several months.  
Now turning to technology and products. We continue to make solid progress on our key goals. First, to deliver industry-leading technology and improve our cost structure; second, to bring differentiated products to market and improve our product mix; and third, to grow our share of industry profits while maintaining stable bit share. I'm proud to report that Micron was one of the top 20 U.S. patent registrants in 2020. This achievement attests to the brilliant innovation of our teams and is proof of the tenacious focus we have placed on technology and product leadership over the past several years.  
Our industry-leading 1-alpha DRAM and 176-layer NAND nodes are in volume production and are ramping on plan. We expect these nodes to be our workhorse for fiscal year '22, fueling our bit growth and contributing to our long-term cost-reduction goals. Across both DRAM and NAND, we target our long-term cost reductions that are in line with the industry.  
In products, Micron is on track to support customers as they begin to introduce DDR5 in the fiscal second half of 2021. We are also driving an increased mix of QLC NAND, which helps to make SSDs more cost-effective and accelerates the replacement of HDDs with SSDS. QLC SSD adoption continues to grow, and we achieved a record high QLC bit mix in F Q2.  
Earlier this month, Micron took a decisive step to exit 3D XPoint development and manufacturing. As mentioned on our recent 3D XPoint update call, Micron is prioritizing investment toward other memory solutions that use the Compute Express Link, or CXL, and we're excited about addressing this market opportunity with differentiated products. Most of the R&D teams previously working on 3D XPoint have already been transitioned to other programs, including accelerating introduction of CXL-enabled memory products. This change will allow Micron to better address future needs of our data center customers and also drive higher ROI and shareholder value.  
We are running an open process to identify the best acquirer for the Lehigh fab, which provides an excellent location for advanced foundry, logic and analog semiconductor manufacturing and expect to finalize the sale within calendar 2021. We anticipate that the overwhelming majority of the highly skilled Lehigh manufacturing team will find strong career opportunities with the buyer.  
Turning to end markets. In data center, AI and data-centric workloads will drive long-term growth with memory and storage becoming an increasing portion of server BOM costs. Micron is positioned for success in this market with a broad portfolio of high-quality and power-efficient products. Enterprise demand, which had been anemic for the last few quarters, is starting to improve as IT budgets increase in anticipation of economic recovery. Enterprise DRAM bit shipments grew sharply quarter-over-quarter, but were still down year-over-year. Cloud DRAM bit shipments also grew quarter-over-quarter and we anticipate robust demand from U.S. hyperscale customers, especially as we enter the second half of calendar 2021.  
In data center SSDS, revenue declined sequentially as customers in certain segments reduced their higher-than-average inventory levels. We are continuing to expand our data center NVMe SSD portfolio with internally developed controllers and have new product introductions planned in the coming quarters.  
In PC, we continue to benefit from the remote work and learning trends that drove healthy notebook and Chromebook demand in fiscal Q2. Micron delivered record PC DRAM bit shipments despite pockets of NAND memory component shortages experienced in the PC OEM supply chain. We also began sampling 1-alpha based DDR4 products.  
In client SSDs, we are on track to begin customer qualification of our next-generation client SSDs using 176-layer NAND in the fiscal second half of 2021. By the end of calendar 2021, we expect to cover multiple segments of the market, including consumer, value OEM and premium OEM with our 176-layer-based client portfolio. In graphics, revenue declined quarter-over-quarter from an exceptional fiscal first quarter, which benefited from the launch of new gaming consoles. Nevertheless, fiscal second quarter revenue grew significantly year-over-year. Micron has an excellent position in this market with a broad product portfolio and deep customer partnerships.  
In mobile, revenue grew 21% sequentially, driven by strong execution, coupled with better than seasonal demand due to continuing recovery in smartphone volumes. We achieved record MCP revenue and nearly tripled our LP5 revenue sequentially. We have also begun sampling the industry's first 1-alpha LP DRAM and 176-layer NAND with mobile customers. Smartphone unit sales in China have been robust and 5G momentum is continuing.  
In auto, we delivered a second consecutive record revenue quarter as auto manufacturing recovers around the globe and as memory and storage content per vehicle continues to grow. We have more demand than we can supply, and we are working diligently with our customers to address their memory and storage needs. We are also advancing our product portfolio targeted for automotive applications. In F Q2, we completed qualification of our auto grade LP5 and began sampling the industry's first automotive LP5 that is hardware-evaluated to meet the most stringent automotive safety integrity level, FLD.  
Turning to the market outlook. Calendar 2021 is shaping up to be a solid year and our overall outlook across DRAM and NAND has improved since our last earnings call, with broad strength across nearly all end markets. The pandemic has driven changes in our economy that we believe will not only benefit us this year, but also serve to accelerate the digital transformation of the economy and drive new opportunities for Micron. Recovery from the pandemic and pent-up demand are expected to drive strong demand growth in markets such as enterprise, cloud, desktop PCS, mobile, auto and industrial.  
Data center demand is expected to be strong in calendar 2021, particularly in the second half of the calendar year due to a combination of factors. First, enterprise demand has started to come back as the economy recovers and is expected to further strengthen through the calendar year. Second, our opportunity at cloud service providers will continue to strengthen through calendar '21, driven by robust demand for their solutions and offerings, as well as secular growth in the AI and data-centric workloads. And finally, the introduction of new CPUs will support more memory channels and higher density modules, contributing to increases in server memory content across both cloud and enterprise.  
Forecast for calendar 2021 PC unit sales have increased from 3 months ago and are expected to approach an average of 1 million units per day. There is robust demand in notebook PCs, especially Chromebooks. We also expect the desktop market to improve as workers gradually return to the office this year. Mobile unit sales are expected to show robust growth this year and we also expect to benefit from higher content in 5G phones, which are forecast to double in calendar 2021 to more than 500 million units. Auto unit sales are expected to grow significantly from last year, while secular memory and storage content growth trends remain strong as EVs proliferate. The strong demand across various end markets, combined with disruptions at certain logic and foundry semiconductor producers, has resulted in a shortage of these non-memory ICs for our customers and we believe memory demand would have been even greater without these shortages.
 
In DRAM, due to the stronger demand, we now expect calendar 2021 bit growth at 20%, above our prior forecast of high teens. This growth builds on calendar 2020 bit growth, which was in the lower 20s percent range. As a result of disciplined CapEx investments since the start of the pandemic, we expect industry DRAM supply to be below demand. As a result of the strong demand and limited supply, the DRAM market is currently facing a severe undersupply, which is causing DRAM prices to increase rapidly. We see the DRAM market tightening further through the year. 
In NAND, we now expect calendar 2021 bit growth to be in the low to mid-30% range, above our prior expectation of 30%. While we are seeing stabilization in near-term pricing, the elevated levels of industry CapEx are a cause for concern, and more CapEx cuts are needed to allow for healthy NAND industry profitability. Long term, we expect a DRAM bit demand growth CAGR of mid-to-high teens and a NAND bit demand growth CAGR of approximately 30%. 
Turning to Micron supply. We target our long-term bit supply growth CAGR to be in line with the industry bit demand growth CAGR for both DRAM and NAND. However, there can be year-to-year variability caused by node transition timing. In both DRAM and NAND, we expect our calendar 2021 bit supply growth to be below the industry demand growth and we have used our inventory to add to our bit shipment growth this year. We are targeting fiscal 2021 CapEx to be approximately $9 billion to support our long-term goal of maintaining a stable share of industry bit supply. 
I will now turn it over to Dave.

Thank you, Dave. None of our achievements are possible without the great work of our world-class Micron team. We seek to recognize and reward team member performance and to do so fairly. Last week, we announced that we achieved comprehensive global pay equity in total employee compensation across base pay, bonuses and stock rewards for women and all underrepresented groups at Micron. Pay equity is a key pillar of our diversity, equality and inclusion strategy and core to creating an environment that attracts and retains the best talent. We continue to strengthen Micron's inclusive values-driven culture, which is an integral part of our broader transformation. 
We have come a long way since micron's founding as a start-up in Boise, Idaho, more than 40 years ago. And today, we are a global technology and product leader. As the United States' only remaining memory and storage manufacturer, we welcome the U.S. government's commitments to enhance America's long-term technology leadership and competitiveness in semiconductor manufacturing. This emphasis on our industry, which is reflected by governments globally, is the recognition of the critical role we play in today's digital economy. 
Memory and storage represent approximately 30% of semiconductor industry revenue today, up from 10% in the early 2000s, and DRAM and NAND are growing in importance as a critical enabler of the most advanced technologies, driving economic growth and well-being. Micron's innovation over the decades has created a strong foundation, and we look forward to delivering value for all our stakeholders as the data economy accelerates. 
Thank you for joining and for your support of Micron. We will now move to Q&A.

Thank you, C.J. And in terms of how we see the demand environment today versus what you referred to a few years ago, no question that at that time, the demand was driven with the increases in cloud, primarily. And today, the demand drivers are much more diverse. We are seeing shortages across all end markets, the demand is strong across all end markets. When you look at cloud, while cloud may have gone through some digestion over the course of last couple of quarters, when we look ahead, cloud demand is expected to be healthy, given the refresh with the new CPUs that are driving greater content in the servers. Similarly, mobile with 5G is driving much greater content, a first 5G phone, and on a year-over-year basis, the number of smartphones being sold are expected to increase on a double-digit basis as well. So strong driver of growth on mobile phones as well. 
Automotive experience, of course, big decline last year, but on a year-over-year basis, mid double-digit range growth in automotive number of units sold. So automotive is also driving greater content increase as well as unit increases. So overall, the industry is experiencing strong demand virtually across all end-market segments. The CapEx has been disciplined, particularly in DRAM over the course of last couple of years and the environment is one of severe undersupply. So we are very excited about the opportunities ahead, and we absolutely believe that Micron, in this environment, in terms of demand and supply considerations and our own execution from a technology point of view, having industries leading edge, 1-alpha node industry's first as well as having industry's first 176-layer node, we are well positioned to drive our growth ahead and really well positioned to deliver stellar financial results over the course of next several quarters. 
And in terms of our customers, a question that you asked as well, I mean, customers across the board are seeing that memory in DRAM is in short supply. And that does affect some of the lead times that we expect from those customers. And by and large, those customers are supportive of those lead time considerations. And in this environment of extremely tight supply, the flexibility that is available for customers to switch between products is also becoming more limited. And this then does require customers to have longer lead times as well.

So I think it is important to understand that we do remain disciplined with respect to CapEx. We want to make sure we manage it prudently. Our goal is that over longer-term in terms of supply growth CAGR to be aligned with industry demand growth CAGR. And we have made prudent decisions over the course of last few years in terms of CapEx investment. If you look at our fiscal year '21 CapEx of approximately $9 billion, this is really almost the highest CapEx that the company has spent in its history. And we are putting that into positioning us well for the future in terms of, of course, creating more clean room expansion, but also investing in leading edge technologies, which is what, as we look ahead, will drive our supply growth with our 1-alpha node in DRAM as well as with our 176-layer NAND node. 
So even last year, while the industry was going through a trough period, Micron actually took the steps to invest for building for the future strength of the company. So all in all, we believe that our bit share in the industry would stay stable. And overall, it is a good environment for us to operate in, where our demand growth and our supply growth are on a CAGR basis aligned. Yes, from quarter-to-quarter, there can be variations. But most important thing is that long-term supply growth CAGR is managed in a disciplined fashion. And this is what is Micron's focus. And we believe we are well positioned. As I said before, well positioned to deliver stellar results over the course of the next several quarters.

So of course, if you look at last year, we had said that our supply growth was somewhat greater last year compared to the industry supply growth and the industry demand growth as well. So that positioned us well in terms of using up our inventory this year. And our supply growth this year is expected to be less than the industry demand growth. Industry demand growth, we have just raised our estimations to approximately 20% in calendar year '21, so our supply growth to be somewhat less than the industry. And of course, we have used in DRAM our inventory to supply -- to meet the growing customer requirements. 
As we look ahead, it will be -- our supply growth will be driven by our 1-alpha technology in DRAM. We will be ramping it over the course of next few quarters. It will be the workhorse of technology for us in terms of bit growth in fiscal '22 as well. And of course, as we bring out our products in this technology node, we have to get them qualified with our customers, and that's what we are focused on in terms of getting the ramp-up of this technology, 1-alpha technology, getting products qualified in time for it to position us to drive our supply bit growth to meet the ultimate customer demand growth requirements during the rest of the calendar year.

So again, our inventory in DRAM is really very lean at this point. And going forward, the growth will come from our 1-alpha node. And I think what's again important is that there can be fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter. But long term, it is really about having a stable market share driven by technology transitions, which is our focus and which we have delivered successfully. Whether you look at our 1Z node in DRAM, that was the first 1Z node in the industry, now 1-alpha node is the first 1-alpha node in the industry as well. So technology transitions is what we are focused in terms of driving our long-term demand -- supply bit growth CAGR to be in line with the demand growth CAGR. And from quarter-to-quarter, depending upon the timing of the technology transitions, there can be fluctuations. Second half in terms of our year-over-year growth will be lower than the first half, yes.

So remember, the lead time, the cycle time of wafers in the fab tends to be in the 2- to 3-month range. And the wafers that you start today, by the time they are shipping to the customers, that time ends up being, including the time for assembly and test, ends up being 3 to 4 months later. So in this environment of really tightness across all end market segments, planning our wafer starts and dedicating them toward various end markets is really critically important. So this is the kind of activity that our team is always engaged in, in terms of working closely with customers. In understanding their demand mix, so not just total bit demand, but the bit mix of that demand between various product types because it's extremely important that we start our wafers in line with the expectation of our customers' demand a few months down the road, given again the cycle time considerations. So we are always managing this mix. But again, would point out that we are seeing supply shortages for us across all end market segments and across all nodes of DRAM as well. 
And in this environment, we -- this is why, as I mentioned earlier, the lead time with customers is important, and it is an environment where flexibility, in terms of -- for customers to switch between one product type to another product type is more limited now. When we had more inventory in DRAM before, that was easier to manage. 
Now that the inventory is running at these lean levels, managing our supply mix, keeping it aligned with the customer mix, this is an ongoing activity here at Micron. And our team has done, I think, a great job, our supply chain team, our business units and our sales teams have done a great job working with our customers, understanding the market requirements and managing our business well. 
And you see the result in terms of how well we have been able to bring inventory both in DRAM as well as in NAND. And of course, we are continuing to push for SSDs and multichip packages toward our higher density solutions as well because, again, all those considerations are important in this environment of tight supply and the tightness in terms of supply only increasing as we go through the year. So this is getting a lot of focus, Harlan.

So in terms of server content, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, with the new compute platform architectures and the processors that are being introduced, they're all leading towards more cores, more channels and greater usage of higher density modules. And of course, the end market applications, when you look at those workloads are becoming more and more data-intensive, more AI-driven and ultimately driving for greater need for data and greater attach rate and greater content on a per server basis. So enterprise and cloud combined, really all -- when you look at CAGR in terms of demand growth, expect it to be a stronger CAGR in terms of big demand growth versus the average of the market. So this is definitely one of high-growth areas. 
And the average content growth continues to be very strong and at a strong clip in terms of gigabytes per CPU, when you look at it for DRAM, that is more like in -- on a CAGR basis, more like 20% average capacity growing on a per server basis, going from something like 200 gigabyte per CPU to growing to 300 gigabyte per CPU over the course of next 2 to 3 years. So DRAM has strong growth. And of course, same for SSD as well in terms of cost of ownership benefits that SSDs provide as well. 
And CXL is a new and emerging trend and this will create greater opportunity for differentiated solutions. And as we mentioned earlier, that these are opportunities that we believe we'll be very well positioned to capture with our emerging technology solutions that we are working on, which we believe will provide higher ROI as well as high-performance solutions for our customers. So CXL is again a development where Micron will be well positioned to really address the memory hierarchy needs of our customers as they evolve over the course of next few years.

So the long-term CAGR for DRAM, we have said, is approximately 30%. And of course, this is something that we constantly evaluate with -- working with our customers. And we do analyze this. And as and when needed, we update these. But at this point, our estimation for long-term DRAM CAGR is approximately 30%. I would like to point out that overall, when you look at the price elasticity trends in DRAM and certainly, when you look at post-pandemic growth and, as I mentioned earlier, the cost of ownership benefit for DRAM for NAND in the data center market and, of course, 5G driving greater content growth with respect to feature-rich -- increasingly feature-rich smartphones as well. So the demand trends for NAND are robust. And I think the important thing to really monitor is the supply to be managed in alignment with the demand expectations. And this is where, as we have said before, that industry CapEx can be managed better in terms of supply growth aligned with longer-term demand considerations. 
And I may have misspoken here. I may have said that approximately 30% in terms of the CAGR for demand growth, I may have said DRAM in that context. Of course, I was speaking about NAND. So I just want to correct myself that the 30% demand growth CAGR that I referred to is for NAND. Of course, as we have said, for DRAM, the long-term demand growth CAGR we see in high teens, mid-to-high teens.

Certainly working very closely with our customers and customers across all our end markets. As I mentioned earlier, certainly lead times with our customers in terms of supply commitments are increasing. The flexibility, I think our customers, by and large, understand that the flexibility in terms of mixing of their bit demand is getting more limited as well, given that not only our supply is in very tight situation but overall, the industry -- the semiconductor industry, with respect to materials and capacity is also in a tight position. And our supply chain team has done an excellent job over the course of last year, in terms of really procuring materials and capacity early on so that even though we are running tight, we are able to meet our customer requirements. But yes, with less flexibility than before. And as Dave mentioned earlier, that some of this procurement of capacity does put some cost pressure in terms of our second half outlook as well. And so then, of course, for F Q3, that's baked into our guidance. 
So our customers understand that this is an environment where we need to work closely with them. And then overall, our teams are doing a very good job in managing this in this environment of tight supply. And we see this close collaboration that is going to be needed as we go through this year and as we go into 2022 as well, because really, we are confident in 2022 demand as well. As the world recovers from this pandemic, technology -- the economies across the globe are expected to be in a strong growth spurt mode. And of course, technology demand will increase and destinations that are happening here in the U.S. first, rest of the globe coming in during the later part of the year. So the growth will be in '21 as well as '22, and we feel good about our outlook in terms of demand drivers even in '22 time frame. So this, working closely with customers to help manage the mix of their products and their supply requirements is going to be an important consideration, not just for next quarter or 2, I believe, well in 2022 time frame as well. 
And this is a great position for us to be in, in terms of particularly when you look at how we remain focused on our technology and product leadership execution. First, with 1-alpha node in DRAM as well as first with 176-layer NAND. And remaining focused on bringing those technology nodes into production and customer qualifications over the course of next several quarters.