Thank you, Shanye. Good afternoon. During the second quarter, Micron, once again, set company performance records across multiple metrics, including revenue, gross profit, EPS and cash generation. We are consistently delivering results that underscore our relentless focus on execution and solid progress on our strategic priorities. Specifically, we are evolving our product portfolio to a richer mix of high-value solutions, enhancing our financial performance and cultivating deeper relationships with more key customers across multiple mega markets.
Our growing portfolio of managed NAND solutions and low-power DDR4 products boosted our mobile business to record revenue and profitability during the quarter. We also grew our SSD shares in our second quarter with total SSD sales up 80% year-over-year and sales of cloud and enterprise drives more than tripling for that same period.
Continued strong penetration of our highly competitive DDR4 products into cloud applications and our industry-leading high-performance graphics memory portfolio into gaming, graphics and cryptomining applications contributed to a robust 15% sequential growth for our Compute and Networking Business Unit.
Strong demand for our DRAM and NAND products delivered record second quarter revenues for us in the automotive market. We continue to execute well on our goal of introducing new products on our advanced technologies, delivering performance, quality, supply and cost advantages to our customers.
In NAND, we are transitioning from being the components supplier to becoming a solutions provider. We launched and began qualifications of the industry's first cloud and enterprise SATA SSD drive incorporating 64-layer 3D TLC NAND. We also introduced the 3DFS solutions targeted at flagship smartphones. These solutions are also based on our 64-layer 3D TLC NAND, which has 15% higher performance and double the density of the prior technology. We have qualified a family of these products with a major chipset vendor and we expect to complete customer qualification in the coming months.
In DRAM, our focus remains on enhancing our cost competitiveness and accelerating our product execution. We have qualified our 1X nanometer DRAM at 3 of the world's largest hyperscale customers, with other qualifications underway. We also garnered positive feedback on our 1X nanometer LPDRAM solutions and set industry benchmarks for power efficiency, which is particularly critical to our mobile customers. Our comprehensive and expanding portfolio of DRAM, NAND and NOR solutions has enabled us to achieve record design wins for our automotive business in the first half of fiscal 2018. We believe we are well positioned to continue to support our share leadership in this rapidly growing market. These achievements illustrate our focus and the ability to deliver value to both our customers and shareholders. 
I'll now discuss some of the trends we are seeing across our end markets, which will continue to expand the significant opportunities for our business in the years ahead.
At Mobile World Congress recently, phone manufacturers featured high-end smartphones with larger 4K displays, multiple high resolution cameras and 4K HDR video recording. Capabilities like these have driven increased memory and storage requirements in recent years. But perhaps more most impressive were the multiple implementations of artificial intelligence and virtual reality. OEMs are bundling new artificial intelligence, augmented reality. OEMs are building new artificial intelligence, augmented reality and lifelike virtual reality capabilities into high-end smartphones, including facial and voice recognition, realtime translation, fast image search and scene detection.
To support these data intensive capabilities, flagship and high-end smartphones are migrating towards 6 gigabytes of LPDRAM, a trend that bodes well for Micron given our leadership in LPDRAM power efficiency, which is essential for optimizing battery life.
Average storage SSDs are also increasing across all smartphone classes with new flagship models using 64 gigabytes of flash memory at a minimum. Micron's portfolio of managed NAND solution is well-suited to address this growing demand, and we are leading the industry in TLC utilization with a portfolio that leverages the strong attributes of our 3D NAND technology.
Of course, the growing adoption of AI is not limited to mobile. At the Consumer Electronics Show, several companies showed AI smart cockpits in new automotive models. These systems integrate the instrument dashboard, infotainment and telematic systems with a centralized compute and storage architecture to create a data center on wheels. Voice and gesture recognition, combined with driver alert monitoring capabilities, are making automobiles more intelligent and much more compute intensive, requiring higher capacity and more powerful memory and storage solutions.
Micron is already working with automotive customers who will benefit from our highest speed automotive-grade, LPDDR4 solutions in the near term and new memory technologies in the future like our high-bandwidth GDDR6 graphics memory. The new features in mobile, automotive and other connected devices require rapid data analysis in storage and enterprise and cloud servers, including machine learning, training and inferencing to complement the compute taking place at the edge. This is driving significant investments in the data center and growing demand for both memory and high-performance storage. Micron's broad technology portfolio and strong innovation engine position us well for these growth trends. We continue to partner with our customers to ensure our technology and engineering roadmaps deliver the critical features for tomorrow's solutions.
Now I will provide an update to near-term industry supply/demand dynamics. The dealer market today is very different from the PC-dominated market of the past. This market now supports a healthy demand environment with several secular demand drivers that I have discussed earlier. More specifically, memory is making possible applications such as AI and VR, and enabling new cloud-based business models which deliver a fundamental value far in excess of a price per bit. Against this healthy demand backdrop, we project DRAM industry bit output to grow in the 20% range for calendar 2018, maintaining favorable industry fundamentals. 
For the NAND market, we believe the ongoing transition to 64-layer 3D NAND creates the opportunity for a more balanced industry dynamic in calendar 2018 versus the constrained conditions we saw in 2017. We expect industry bit output growth to be somewhat higher than 45% in calendar 2018, providing incremental supply to address the increasing demand created with the further displacement of HDDs in client, enterprise and cloud applications.
From a Micron perspective, we continue to make significant strides to strengthen our competitive position through technology and cost improvements. In DRAM, we are focused on accelerating our technology transition cadence and ramped our 1X nanometer technology to mature yield faster than any of our previous technology nodes. We remain on track to achieve 1X nanometer bit output crossover relative to our 20-nanometer node by the end of calendar 2018. We now expect Micron's calendar 2018 DRAM bit output growth to be in line with the industry's 20% range.
In NAND, our 64-layer technology continues to ramp very well with yields somewhat ahead of plan. We continue to execute plans to achieve bit output crossover on our 64-layer 3D NAND technology relative to 32-layer in the second half of fiscal 2018. We believe we will be somewhat above industry bit output growth in calendar 2018 for NAND. 
We expect to deliver qualification samples to OEM customers of both our 1Y DRAM technology and our third generation 3D NAND technology by the end of fiscal 2018. And we continue to expect to ramp initial volume for each of these new nodes in the second half of calendar 2018.
For some time now, industry participants have pointed out that the cost and complexity of DRAM and NAND scaling is increasing with each subsequent technology node. Additional space and equipment is required to manufacture the increasingly complex architectures of these leading technologies to maintain data capacity and meet market demand. Accordingly, we are executing plans to add clean room space in our NAND and DRAM SAS network. With the support of the Singapore Economic Development Board, we have finalized plans to build additional shelf space in Singapore, adjacent to our existing NAND Center of Excellence. The primary purpose for this new clean room space will be to transition our existing wafer capacity to future 3D NAND nodes. This location will enable us to drive efficiencies of scale. We expect to build out this facility in phases, in line with our manufacturing requirements and market demands.
The first phase of this clean room is expected to be completed by the summer of 2019, with initial wafer output from the facility expected in the fourth quarter of calendar 2019. We are also building out incremental clean room space in our fab in Hiroshima, Japan, which will be available for production at the beginning of calendar year 2019. This clean room space will be used to continue our 1Y nanometer DRAM transition. For fiscal year 2018, we expect our capital expenditures to be in the upper end of our previously guided range of $7.5 billion, plus or minus 5%. Long term, we target capital expenditures as a percentage of revenue to be in the low 30% range.
Before we move to the next section of our call, I would like to address a supplier maintenance issue, disrupting nitrogen supply to 1 of our 5 DRAM SAS which occurred on Tuesday of this week. We expect this event will impact our DRAM production output by 2% to 3% for the quarter. Our teams are working around-the-clock to recover from the situation and we expect to return to full production within the next week. 
Lastly, I would like to welcome Dave Zinsner as our CFO. Dave brings years of experience within the semiconductor industry, and we are happy to have him on board. Dave will now provide details on our second quarter results and third quarter outlook.

Thank you, Dave. Micron will be celebrating our 40th anniversary this fall. Innovation has always been a key cornerstone to our success, ensuring that our technologies and products quickly adapt to serve the world's growing appetite for faster data. As we look ahead, we remain focused on nurturing and fostering an accelerated pace of innovation, and I know our team is fired up and ready for the challenge. The opportunity to create a dramatic impact on the world around us is undeniable and I'm excited to be part of this team shaping that future.
I'm looking forward to speaking with all of you at our analyst and investor event in May. You can expect us to provide more detail on how we see secular market trends, creating new opportunities for memory and high-performance storage, and why we believe Micron is well positioned to win. We will now open for questions.

Certainly. I think we are seeing the fastest growth through our DRAM memory at large-scale, in cloud computing and hyperscale data centers. And this is where high-performance memory is absolutely becoming essential along with fast storage is becoming essential for the trend such as AI, which are really driving new business models. Whether you go from education and training tailored toward the individual levels of coaching or training to the individuals or to millions of transactions processed realtime in the financial sector, to detect fraud or going to diagnosing and treating life-threatening diseases. Bottom line is we are barely starting with AI in cloud computing and data centers. And to realize the full impact of these solutions and to truly provide this new business model and services and applications to consumers and businesses alike, more and more data needs to be processed. It needs to be realtime analytics, and that requires more fast memory and more fast storage, that means flash as well as DRAM. So we are seeing tremendous growth. And if you look at trends, when we project that 2017, about 145 gigabytes per server going to about 350 gigabytes per server by 2021. Similarly, if you look at flash storage, 1.5 terabyte average in 2017 growing to something like 6 terabyte average with each server by 2021 timeframe. So these are massive, secular demand trends in the cloud computing and hyperscale for memory as well as for flash storage. Similarly, going to mobile, I talked about in my script that at Mobile World Congress, several new phone models were introduced that leverage 4K SDR capabilities that leverage AR and VR and even in our processors that are being introduced for mobile application that actually have the AI unit built into it. So just imagine how much data-intensive applications are now being run in order to provide users smooth experience. That then requires high performance and lot of memory. And you're starting to see now 6 gigabyte phones, 6 gigabyte of DRAM in the phone. So mobile is another large driver of DRAM memory. And of course, it is also a large driver with average capacities continuing to increase for flash as well. And then autonomous driving is barely starting. I mean, industry pundits are talking about robo taxis, intercepting the whole autonomous driving trend and maybe being introduced even in 2019-2020 kind of timeframe. And autonomous driving means, as I said in my remarks, data center on wheels. It's requiring more fast memory to again make all realtime decisions providing for the safe and comfortable and efficient driving experience. So these are really massive trends and these are secular in nature and I believe will continue to drive strong demand for DRAM in the years ahead. And of course, there are other ones, continuing average capacity increases in PCs for DRAM, with more gaming features and VR features. And of course, industrial 4.0 initiatives. I mean, these are all multiple mega markets for DRAM. And we are very well positioned with our product portfolio focusing on cost competitiveness, with our technology advancements as well as what I indicated, low-power DRAM solutions which are becoming increasingly important across a multitude of these applications.

I mean, last year's flash was severely constrained and that did somewhat slow down the cash rate of SSD in client computing as well as slow down the march towards higher capacities of SSDs in notebook computers. And attach rates for SSDs in client computing, around 35% to 40% and maybe 40% in 2018, maybe going towards 50%. Over the next few years, this is expected to continue to go toward by 2020-2021 timeframe to 85%-plus attach rate for SSD. So again, this is a large growth driver for SSDs in client computing applications. And we are focused on, of course, expanding our portfolio of SSDs. We talked about significant progress of our SSDs across-the-board in client, enterprise as well as in the consumer market. And we look at opportunities to gain further share in all of these SSD markets in the future as we continue to execute on our product roadmap.

We're not going to speculate on M&A matters here but we are very pleased with the portfolio of technologies and the initiatives we have with respect to continuing to advance our product solution. But of course, we do not rule out, in the future, leveraging M&A toward any growth initiatives. And of course, we'll always look for core capabilities to expand the market opportunities for Micron. And of course, we'll be focused on value in terms of any acquisition that we may entertain in the future, again, not speculating on anything at this point. And of course, always looking for ROI kind of opportunities.

So we don't provide specifics on cost reductions but what I can tell you is that we are making very good progress on our technology. As we indicated, I mean, in our 1X DRAM technology, we have achieved the fastest ramp to mature yield in the history of the company. And similarly, our 64-layer technology, it has ramped to mature yields, rather well and we are continuing, of course, to do very well on our 20-nanometer DRAM technology that we use as well. So we are very pleased with our continuing progress on cost at the technology level, and continuing to focus on advancing our next-generation technology nodes and products. And of course, also very much focused  nonmemory costs in our products such as SSD nonmemory costs. So making good progress and all of that is baked into our gross margin guidance that we have provided.

So this nitrogen maintenance issue has not caused trapping of vapors. It has idled or slowed down production. As we said, it's impacting 2% to 3% of our this quarter's DRAM production output. And with respect to our expectation of our output growth for calendar year 2018, that remains in line with the industry estimate of 20%, and this effect is already included in that as well.

Yes, that is correct that our production output is expected to grow in line with the industry and that is, of course, as a result of our excellent yield on 1X nanometer node as well as the 20-nanometer node.

I think if you look at last few years and you look at Micron's revenue and you look at Micron's CapEx, you will see that Micron's CapEx, over the course of last few years, is in the low 30% range of the revenue over those last few years as well. So what we have said here today is fairly consistent with what actually has been the case at Micron over the course of the last few years. And in fact, if you look at the industry itself and you look at the revenue of the industry players and you look at the CapEx, over the course of last few years, you will see actually that, that average for the industry as well is in that same range also. So in terms of our own strategy for CapEx spend is absolutely focused on accelerating our technology transitions. So our CapEx is geared toward realizing DRAM and NAND technology transition toward more cost-effective advance technology nodes for our products. And it is not about capacity, wafer capacity production increase for us.

So can you clarify the question to me? I didn't totally get the question. I'm sorry.

So I think what we have to realize is that DRAM absolutely is essential to the experience in the business models that it enables. Whether it is the experience in mobile phones, I talked about all these experiences, AR, VR, 3D gaming, multitude of applications and users absolutely expecting seamless experience that requires -- such data-intensive applications require more DRAM. So it is essential. I mean, it's not like you can offer a model with a less DRAM in it, a high-end model with a less DRAM in it and expect that users will still have the same good experience. So DRAM capacity has really become a key enabler and essential element of mobile. And same, as I talked about earlier, for hyperscale data centers. When they look at what models that they can enable for their end customers, those are all being built on very data-intensive applications. I mean, imagine retailers, and a consumer goes into a retail store and the retailer already knows about what are the needs of their consumer. All of that requires realtime -- for retail, realtime AI applications, which means lot of data that has been processed fast, which means, again, it needs more DRAM memory. So it is actually, when you look at hyperscale data centers, it's not about the cost of DRAM anymore. I think the value that it enables to these cloud applications and hyperscalers is far in excess of any aspect of DRAM price per bit. So DRAM really has become an essential part. This is very different from any time in the past.

So we are not going to comment on pricing trends in the industry but what I can tell you is that NAND industry does have certain aspect of its end market such as USB flash drive or imaging cards or retail. That tends to be more somewhat seasonal in the first calendar quarter. And as we go forward, that part changes. The most important thing to look at is that as more supply becomes available, it drives deeper penetration of SSDs in client devices as well as in -- gives an even stronger value proposition in enterprise and data center applications. So this is what we expect during the course of the year. And of course, average capacities of NAND in mobile phones, smartphones, continue to increase as well. And we are expanding our portfolio of multichip packages with DRAM and NAND, which is where Micron is uniquely well positioned to expand our opportunities and increase our shares with NAND flash and DRAM-based solutions in multichip packages as well as discrete NAND solutions such as the UFS that I talked about that are in the stages of qualification with our customers. So we look ahead at the year with strong demand drivers for NAND in the industry and growing opportunities for our NAND business for the remainder of the year, calendar year here. And very focused on execution of all our new product introductions and qualifications with our customers because those will ultimately drive our success toward high-value solutions as part of mix of NAND revenue.

Yes, for this calendar year, for data center, absolutely, NAND bit consumption in data center is expected to be 50%, in the range of 50% or higher. Basically, a data center is where demand will grow faster than the average of the industry. Keep in mind, same thing for client SSDs as well.

So let me be clear that we are very excited about the market opportunities for DRAM and NAND. All the things that we have been talking about so far over the course of the last 45 minutes here. And of course, our strategy is to continue to strengthen our competitive -- cost competitiveness as well as increase the mix of high-value solutions in our revenue. And by high-value solutions in our revenue, we mean products such as SSDs as well as managed NAND solution because we have both DRAM and NAND and that gives us a unique opportunity to provide management solutions for today's smartphones that are needing more and more of such solutions. So we are absolutely focused on leveraging our core capabilities to drive cost reductions, catch up on the DRAM cost with the rest of the competition and in the NAND, strengthen our portfolio of these high-value solutions. And I have no doubt that there is -- nobody is taking their eye off the ball and we have relentless focus on strengthening the execution engine of the company and tremendous opportunity ahead in that regards for us. It's already implied through the strong results we have demonstrated so far but there is even greater opportunity ahead of us.

So what we introduced recently is a 64-layer bit TLC SATA SSD. And as we have said before, QLC is certainly an exciting opportunity for Micron in the years ahead, and QLC is in the development stages. And it is not a 2018 phenomena. I mean, that is something that's more like 2019 opportunity, starting in 2019 timeframe.

We don't get into cost discussions. And our focus, of course, is to develop QLC solutions that will be, in the future, going toward applications that are very read intensive and somewhat balanced in terms of more write applications. And of course, our goal would be to drive these -- build value in these solutions, especially going toward high-capacity aspects of the storage market, build value in these solutions so that we can be selling them in a profitable fashion and bringing strong value to our customers as well. I'm not going to get into pricing or speculate of the pricing for QLC.

We're not seeing any despeccing. If anything, again, given the nature of the application, the average capacity requirements continue to go up in all end markets arena.

We have talked about our 1Z technology node in DRAM and our engineers are working on that. And engineers, of course, always continue to look at opportunities for further scaling. And concurrently, we are working on other advanced technologies of the future as well.

There is no letter in the alphabet after Z.

Thank you. We'll take you up on your suggestion.

And I just want to comment on your earlier question regarding SSD. Of course, we don't provide the specifics but clearly, SSD is growing fast and it's increasingly large portion of our revenue. And very pleased with the progress that we have made in increasing the mix of SSD in our portfolio.