Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope that you, your family and your colleagues are safe and healthy. Along with Dave and Farhan, I'm doing this call from Micron’s offices.  
Micron’s strong execution in the fiscal third quarter drove solid sequential revenue and EPS growth. We are ramping the industry’s most advanced DRAM node and increasing our mix of high-value NAND. Our strong competitive position and diversified product portfolio put Micron in an outstanding position for the
Many exciting growth opportunities in the memory and storage markets.  
I'll start with an update on our operations. Due to the excellent work of Micron's operations team, most of our fab and assembly sites operated at full production throughout the quarter, with our Singapore and Taiwan assembly and test facilities achieving record production. COVID-19's impact to our production early in our third quarter was limited to our back-end assembly and test sites in Muar and Penang, Malaysia, and we quickly offset this impact with production adjustments at our other facilities. All our production facilities are operating normally at this time. We continue to prioritize the health and safety of all team members and contractors and have strong COVID-19 safety measures in place at all our sites worldwide. We are taking a conservative, phased and site-specific approach to returning our team members on-site, prioritizing our manufacturing workforce and engineering teams. 
Now turning to the market environment. The pandemic has impacted the cyclical recovery in DRAM and NAND, causing stronger demand in some segments and weaker demand in others. Market segments driven primarily by consumer demand have seen a negative impact. Calendar 2020 analyst estimates for end-unit sales of autos, smartphones and PCs are meaningfully lower than pre-COVID-19 levels, even though estimates for enterprise laptops and Chromebooks have increased. The reduced level of global economic activity has also curtailed near-term demand. The pandemic is driving rapid change in consumer and corporate practices around the world. Consumers are significantly increasing online activity, including e-commerce, gaming and video streaming, all of which drive additional data center capacity requirements. Trends like working-from-home and online learning are likely to drive long-term changes in how we think about workforce flexibility and education. Several governments around the world are considering ways to ensure a level playing field by considering significant programs that provide Chromebooks or tablets to students who cannot afford them, as online learning becomes a necessity in these times. 
Additional government fiscal stimulus programs are also supportive of economic activity and will accelerate trends like electric vehicle production. Emerging technologies such as drone-based deliveries and the increased use of robotics across many applications are now being pursued with urgency. Technology solutions are rapidly helping society adapt and manage the temporary and permanent changes stemming from this pandemic. 
Clearly, certain trends that would have taken 2 to 4 years to develop have been accelerated into months. It is easy to see how these changes will drive higher consumption of memory and storage in the long term. The faster pace of digital transformation in the economy is here to stay. 
Looking ahead to the second half of calendar 2020, let me discuss certain key market trends. First, we expect the data center outlook to remain healthy. Second, we expect smartphone and consumer end-unit sales to continue to improve, accelerating inventory consumption across the supply chain. And third, new gaming consoles will drive stronger DRAM and NAND demand. Despite these trends, our short-term visibility across end markets remains limited due to COVID-19, macro and trade uncertainties, as well as customer inventory changes. 
The recent restrictions on Huawei are also impacting our opportunity in the near term. As these risks recede, we expect a resumption of industry growth, with a long-term bit growth CAGR of mid to high-teens for DRAM and approximately 30% for NAND. This growth will be supported by powerful secular technology trends ranging from AI and machine learning, to cloud computing, 5G and the growth in edge computing and the industrial IoT economy. 
Turning to industry supply, second-half 2020 supply growth may be somewhat muted compared to pre-COVID-19 expectations. Some suppliers have commented about delays in equipment deliveries, which can result in slower node transitions and lower bit growth. Specific to Micron, we are proactively aligning our bit supply to market demand. Our fiscal year '20 front-end equipment CapEx is down more than 40% from fiscal year '19 and is at its lowest level in the last 5 years. While we expect to increase fiscal year '21 CapEx to support high-ROIC node transition, this CapEx will be meaningfully lower than our pre-COVID-19 plan. We have also made changes to our DRAM utilization to align with the current lower demand in the automotive market. As end market conditions evolve, we will remain flexible to make any needed adjustments to our supply.
Since 2016, Micron has made tremendous progress narrowing the competitive gap on leading-edge technology nodes. In DRAM, we are ramping 1Z technology, which is the industry's most advanced node, and achieving yield improvements that reduce our costs. We have several customer qualifications underway for this technology. Our 1Y and 1Z nodes together now make up more than 50% of our bit production. We continue to make progress on our 1-alpha node, which we expect to introduce in fiscal 2021. We have begun sampling our first high-bandwidth DRAM memory product, which is competitive with the industry's most advanced products and will expand our AI data center opportunity. We are excited about entering this new high-value segment of the DRAM market and look forward to ramping this product after it is qualified with our customers.  
In NAND, our 128-layer first generation RG NAND technology entered volume production in FQ3, and we are pleased to announce that we have recently initiated customer shipment. We are also making good progress on our second-generation RG node, which will be deployed broadly across our product portfolio. We remain on track for RG production to make a meaningful portion of our NAND output by the end of calendar 2020.  
Micron also continues to make progress with QLC. QLC bits now represents more than 10% of Micron's overall NAND production, contributing to our NAND cost improvement. Fiscal 2020 has been a year of extraordinary gains in the mix of our high-value solutions in NAND, which now make up over 75% of our quarterly NAND bit. We remain on target to increase this to 80% for fiscal 2021.  
The new Micron is undergoing a dramatic transformation to combine product leadership with technology, manufacturing and supply chain excellence. Across our entire portfolio of DRAM and NAND products, we will continue to focus on product differentiation and portfolio expansion to grow our share of industry profits while maintaining stable bit share.  
Turning to end markets. We had record quarterly revenue in solid-state drives as cloud SSD revenue more than doubled quarter-over-quarter. We continue to introduce new NVMe products in our SSD portfolio while maintaining our leadership in the enterprise SATA market. Customer qualifications are progressing well for our next-generation products for both NVMe and SATA markets. Our client NVMe SSDs have also contributed to our SSD growth. In May, we announced a TLC client SSD and our first QLC client SSD, both using next-generation 96-layer NAND technology.  
As the only company with a portfolio of DRAM, NAND and 3D XPoint technologies, Micron is uniquely positioned to benefit from the secular data growth that is driving the cloud, enterprise and networking market. Our cloud DRAM sales grew significantly quarter-over-quarter, with strong demand due to the work from home and e-learning economy and significant increases in e-commerce activity around the world. This quarter, we started early sampling of 1Z DDR5 for enterprise application. Additionally, we also started sampling our higher-frequency DDR4 modules for Intel's Ice Lake server platform, which we expect to drive server DRAM content growth. In networking, our DRAM bit shipments expanded significantly on a sequential basis, driven by rapid work-from-home infrastructure deployment as well as increased 5G deployments, particularly in Asia.  
Despite demand headwinds in the smartphone market due to COVID, our mobile business delivered healthy sequential and year-over-year growth due to continuing momentum of our DRAM and NAND solution. The outlook for calendar 2021 is promising, with 5G expected to drive a resumption in smartphone unit sales growth with the multiplier effect of higher memory and storage content. 5G phones will have greater content than 4G phone, and we can see this already in the phones being introduced in calendar 2020. We see the strongest memory and storage content growth in the low- to mid-range part of the smart home market, which is also the largest segment in terms of units. In this part of the market, 5G phones have 6 gigabyte of DRAM and 64 and 128 gigabyte of NAND versus 4G phones with 2 to 4 gigabyte of DRAM and 32 to 64 gigabytes of NAND. We are encouraged to see sub-$250 5G phones, which made 5G accessible to a broader market. This lower price point has been enabled by BOM cost reductions in semiconductor content outside of memory and storage. Micron is well positioned to help our customers win in the 5G era with an industry-leading product portfolio, including low-power DRAM and multichip packages. We continue to achieve design wins for LP4 and LP5 5G platforms, and our most advanced managed NAND products based on UFS 3.1 are now sampling at several major android OEMs.  
In PC, our bit shipments declined modestly as we strategically moved supply of compute data to address demand in the data center market. Demand was strong for certain PC subsegments that are supporting increased work from home and remote learning activities, and our PC DRAM revenue was up sequentially as ASPs increased. While certain parts of the PC market has strengthened, overall PC unit shipments are expected to decline this year due to weakness in desktop PCs. In graphics, we have started shipping GDDR6 DRAM for next-generation gaming consoles, and we expect strong demand in the second half of calendar 2020.  
In auto, revenue declined significantly from the previous quarter due to broad auto supply chain disruption. Despite auto unit weakness, secular content growth from ADAS and autonomous driving platforms resulted in record LP4 DRAM revenue for our auto business in the fiscal third quarter. As automotive production rates improve around the world, our auto business should return to a growth trajectory.  
I'll now turn it over to Dave to provide our financial results and guidance.

Thank you, Dave. The pandemic has impacted our financial performance trajectory, which was shaping up for a robust outcome this calendar year. Nevertheless, we have moved with agility to leverage the new opportunities in the marketplace and have further strengthened our product portfolio. Micron's portfolio is now dramatically better positioned from a competitive perspective, and we have driven a tremendous transformation here over the last 3 years. In the coming quarters and years, we will continue to strengthen our business foundation. And as the industry environment improves, Micron is exceptionally well positioned to take advantage of long-term trends and drive superior returns for our shareholders.  
Of course, preparing Micron for a bright future has to be about more than just quarterly business performance. We also have to be leaders in creating positive outcome for all of our stakeholders. In that context, there are 2 topics that I would like to touch upon before we move to Q&A.  
First, earlier this month, we issued our fifth annual sustainability report. This year, we set challenging new goals for energy use, emissions, water use and waste generation that aim to dramatically improve the environmental sustainability of our operations worldwide over the years ahead. We also established an aspirational future vision that will drive us to achieve even more. Reaching our goals will require investment, and we plan to devote approximately 2% of annual capital expenditures to environmental sustainability initiatives amounting to about $1 billion over the next 5 to 7 years. These initiatives underpin our commitment to achieve significantly higher standards and help create a better planet.  
Second, I would like to address the social unrest and racial division that have gripped our country. The senseless and tragic deaths of people in our black community in the U.S. must be addressed with real and lasting reforms. Hate, racial discrimination, violence and social injustice have no place in our society. Micron is committed to creating a welcoming and safe work environment for everyone, and we are taking concrete actions to increase technical training, career preparedness and opportunities for underserved population. We are also actively engaging and investing in community programs that aim to create a more just and fair society for everyone.  
There is much work to do and we look forward to being part of the solution.  
We will now open for questions.

So specifically with respect to data center, pre-COVID, we expected 2020 to be a year of strong growth in cloud, again, with all the trends building around AI and that needing more memory and storage. We expected healthy demand for pre-COVID in cloud applications. And of course, with COVID, as we discussed in the last earnings call, certainly, some of the trends got pulled in. Work-from-home economy as well as e-commerce, gaming, video streaming, all of these drove strong surge in demand on the cloud front. 
As we look ahead at the second half, of course, given the total COVID environment and uncertainties around COVID around the globe, we basically have limited visibility. Yet, we do believe that cloud demand in the second half of the calendar year will continue to be healthy for us. We work closely with our customers in terms of understanding their inventories. We understand what their demand trends are. And from what we can see, customer inventories with respect to cloud are in a healthy place. And of course, there are other parts of the market such as mobile phone, where there are other considerations such as geopolitical considerations as well as related to COVID as well, where customers may have built up some additional inventory.  
And in mobile, in particular, you saw in China that how in April, post-COVID within China, the demand went up, surged up for smartphones. So some of the customers may be preparing for -- as the consumer comes back, given the low point that the world experienced in March, April time frame, customers want to be prepared to supply the smartphone demand to them as well. So overall, it's a mixed picture with respect to the inventory on the customer front, cloud inventories are in decent shape. Mobile, I would say, is somewhat in anticipation of demand as well as managing to the supply chain consolidations due to COVID and some geopolitical considerations as well.  
So overall, I would say, when we look at fiscal first quarter, the environment is similar to what we had experienced in FQ3, FQ4. And of course, our best assessment is baked into the guidance that we have provided to you.

So we, of course, manage our mix on an ongoing basis. We assess customer demand expectations and make judgments regarding managing that mix. So yes, like you noted, we had shifted some of the supply from mobile toward the server applications. And at this point, we continue to make -- study how trends are evolving. And we think we are in a good position with respect to managing our mix. But if some changes are needed, we'll, of course, revert to making those changes in the future.

So thanks for asking that question. Just to be clear, the foundry replacement on entity list, we had applied for licenses, and we secured those licenses for mobile and server shipments. And we do not supply into the networking side of the business. We never sought that license. So the entity list placement that had happened several months ago did impact some of our outlook, but we have been operating under the licenses that we have already received. The comment that I was making today is really related to last month's action by commerce department, which will go into effect sometime next month. And as a result of that action, we are already starting to see an impact in our fiscal Q4 as our customer reacts to the actions by the U.S. And quite frankly, impacts related to Huawei are still unfolding. We expect some of the impact to Huawei, yes, related to the foundries, but it affects their potentially overall considerations on managing their business, managing their supply chain. And we expect some of these impact to continue in FQ1 and beyond as well. 
And then this is compounded further by changing inventory strategies at customers as well as market share shifts that happened between the smartphone players. So as far as we are concerned, you know that we have improved our revenue diversity. We have significantly expanded and strengthened our product portfolio. And we have good design and activity with all key players, particularly with new products that we have introduced, such as UFS3.1, LP5, DRAM and multichip packages. So we continue to work with our customer ecosystem to mitigate the effects of this. But the particular comments that you heard us talk about on the Huawei front really relate to the actions from U.S. government that have -- last month that have impacted the customer reaction, the Huawei reaction to those actions and impacting our outlook in FQ4.

In the May quarter, the FQ3 quarter, that did not -- the action announced last month did not -- action announced by the commerce department last month did not have an effect in FQ3.

So what I can tell you is that Micron itself in our supply chain operations has focused on making sure, given all the considerations around the globe with all the uncertainties around COVID and COVID containment and COVID spread, Micron itself and its supply chain operations is increasing the inventory for raw materials to make sure that we are well prepared to meet our customer demand. So this trend of higher level of inventory, elevated level of inventory is -- it's been talked about, and it's common in the tech supply chain. And with respect to our specific customers for memory and storage, so as I mentioned earlier, so yes, some customers may have built some inventory given their considerations, their concerns around supply -- potential supply chain disruptions that may occur due to all the COVID-related uncertainties. As well as I pointed out, some of the customers in the mobile may have built some inventory, given U.S.-China trade tensions and the regulations. 
So the thing is, these are unprecedented times, uncertain times, not just for us or for the memory industry, but for our customer ecosystem as well. And customers' inventory strategies are changing. They are adapting as they themselves see how their market trends are evolving and how they want to best address their own inventory position as well. So this is the changing environment. We continue to work closely with our customers, and we make adjustments as appropriate. And key is to be adaptable and to be agile. And I think we have shown over the course of the first half of this calendar year that we have been really running our operations with tremendous amount of adaptability and agility and continuing to produce healthy results.

We're not going to break it down here between China and rest of the world. But overall, when we look at in totality, we continue to see healthy demand trend in cloud in the second half of the year. And of course, cloud, when you look at long-term trends, I mean, long term, cloud is still actually in early innings, and long-term trends for cloud are strong because AI as well as 5G, 5G driving more intelligent devices at the edge, growing more data opportunities, it's really the virtuous cycle between cloud and intelligent devices at the edge. And then industrial IoT and everything around autonomous and robotics, all of these trends point to growth at the edge as well as in the cloud. So long-term trends continue to be healthy. Will it ever be a little bit lumpy here or there? Certainly, it can be. But the point is that long-term growth drivers are solid and secular in nature for cloud.

So regarding the equipment piece that you asked, let me be very clear that Micron did receive its equipment in time because our equipment deliveries were rather early in fiscal Q3 toward our 1z technology ramp in DRAM and, of course, other aspects on the NAND front as well. So we did not say that equipment deliveries were delayed for us during FQ3. However, it is well-known and has been talked about in the industry that given the various challenges due to COVID, such as logistics and transportation-related challenges as well as supply chain challenges, some of the equipment deliveries have been impacted in the industry. And yes, for us, in the future, it is possible, given the challenges of COVID, that some of our deliveries in the future may get impacted. But in the past, we have been in good shape overall with respect to our receipt of equipment, again, because timing of most of that equipment delivery was such that we were able to actually escape some of the potential challenges in this regard. 
So from an industry point of view, if equipment deliveries get impacted, which have been talked about, there have been reports, equipment suppliers have talked about some of that as well, then obviously, that impacts technology transition capabilities, and therefore, it can impact supply, perhaps some with supply growth somewhat lower than pre COVID expectations due to the difficulty in making sure that the equipment are delivered on time as well as equipment install and equipment ramp is happening smoothly, given all the travel considerations involved as well. 
So yes, to the extent that affects the supply growth and lessens the supply growth, it obviously impacts the industry supply and demand environment. We have talked about that the demand also due to COVID in certain pockets certainly has been less, particularly those pockets related to COVID. So -- and we don't really comment on the pricing, but obviously, supply has an important role to play on the pricing front. 
Your second piece of the question regarding possible U.S. incentives for semiconductor manufacturing, let me first say that we are pleased that the U.S. administration as well as the Congress is considering incentives for U.S. semiconductor industry. This just goes to highlight that U.S. semiconductor industry is extremely important to our economy today. Semiconductor really forms the foundation of the economy of the future and also highlights the recognition of this importance by the officials in Washington, D.C. And really, it's important that U.S. maintains its global competitiveness and innovation capabilities. So from that point of view, we are pleased that there are these consolidations, the bill that is -- that has been put together. Of course, a lot of details still has to be worked out and the bills have to be approved. So we will continue to monitor this. 
And from the point of view of memory, I think important thing is that cost and scale in memory are extremely important considerations. Micron, in this regard, actually has a well-diversified footprint of front-end manufacturing across the globe. You know that we have fabs here in the U.S. in Manassas, Virginia, as well as in Utah, and state-of-the-art, best-in-class R&D facility in Boise, Idaho as well. And of course, we have R&D and manufacturing for memory in Asia as well. So we will continue to monitor these trends, but important considerations, our scale, cost and ROI on any investments is important. It's not just about government incentives. It's about managing the business in a healthy fashion, keeping in mind ROI considerations. And above all, it's extremely important that supply growth is managed in a cost-effective fashion but also managed in a fashion to not disrupt the industry, to certainly not disrupt Micron's supply plans and make sure that supply factor is aligned with demand CAGR. So while we welcome these incentives for growth of U.S. semiconductor industry and innovation agenda, we will continue to monitor this in a very disciplined fashion before we make any decisions in this regard.

So Mehdi, you were breaking up a little bit. However, your question is a good question. And of course, we -- as you know, our customer base is extremely well diversified from automotive to data center to PC to smartphones and networking and industrial and consumer customers. So customer requirements with respect to discussions around supply and from us, they vary. Some of the customers are managing it on monthly basis, some manage it on quarterly basis. And with some customers, we do have supply agreements that extend for years time frame. Of course, certain pricing discussions, et cetera, I mean, are not part of these contracts. They tend to be around supply, and discussions around pricing tend to be on an ongoing basis. Auto is an example where the contracts can be multiyear contracts, long-term contracts, so it really varies from market to market. And you know that the technology and product mix continues to change as well. So I think we want to be careful in terms of the length of the contracts that we manage with the customers. And we manage, I believe, the diversity of our customers very well. 
And our customers value our supply. They are valuing the product portfolio that Micron is delivering. They are recognizing that we are the only company in the world that have NAND, DRAM and 3D XPoint and the ability to bring innovative products and solutions to them with a mix of technologies in them as well. And this really positions us uniquely. So our discussions really regarding longer-term nature of product road maps and supply considerations, we win all of these various aspects and are built around the road maps as well. So things do change in this business. And therefore, multiyear contracts are more in the market that are auto market where more legacy nodes are required to be in production for longer terms. But the parts of the markets where technology and products are moving fast, it's not about multiyear contracts there, but varying length of contracts depending upon the end market customers.

Thank you for asking the question. We are very pleased with our execution in SSDs. As we noted, that record quarter for us in SSDs and really solid sequential growth in SSDs. And this is happening, as we had said before that during calendar year 2020, we will be expanding our portfolio of SSD solutions, introducing NVMe solutions for clients as well as data center markets. And we have said before that as we bring out those new solutions, as we qualify them with those customers, those NVMe solutions, it will give us an opportunity during the course of the year to gain share, and this is what has been happening during the course of this year. With our strong performance in SSDs, we actually have been gaining share, yet, our share is still relatively low. And as we continue to bring out new products in the future, and several are underway and several qualifications are underway as well with our customers, we will have ongoing opportunities through the course of next year as well in terms of driving for profitable share gains in the SSD market. 
And regarding QLC that you asked about, we are really pleased with our execution on the QLC front as well. We are shipping QLC SSDs in the consumer markets as well as we have product offerings that will be having -- drive future opportunity for us on the value side of the PC, on the OEM front as well. And QLC SSDs are also being used in read-intensive applications and replacing 10K HDDs as well. So you see there are multiple end market applications and opportunities for our SSDS. And we are already more than 10% of our total NAND consumption with respect to QLC, and this presents a good opportunity for us. And we fully expect our SSD mix to continue to increase as we bring out more new products over the course of next several quarters. So yes, I mean, QLC as a mix of SSD percentage will go up for us going forward. 
And let me just add that QLC is obviously an opportunity that instead of 3 bits per cell, it has 4 bits per cell. So obviously, once done right and you really have all the BOM costs taken care of on the product side, it gives you lower cost and, therefore, improved profitability opportunity as well. So we are certainly focused on increasing the mix of QLC. At the same time, TLC will remain vast majority of the market for a considerable period of time.

So first of all, I would say on the inventory side, pre-COVID, data center customers as well as other customers largely had inventories that had returned to normal levels. And certainly, supplier inventories were at normal level as well pre-COVID. And the COVID environment, work-from-home environment has driven strong surge in demand on the data center front. And as we mentioned, we expect demand trends to continue to be healthy in the second half for data center as well. 
In terms of inventories in the data center market, yes, while certain customers may be carrying high levels of inventory, again, for the reasons that I had mentioned earlier, related to their own supply chain considerations as well as changing environment with respect to the demand. But the point is that compared to 2018 or 2019 environment, customer inventories are really at a much better, much healthier levels. This is not like a 2018, 2019 and situation, even if certain customers are carrying some higher levels of inventory, again, given the uncertainties around COVID. 
And the other point I would say is that while COVID does give us lower visibility and does bring about uncertainty, not just for us but for our customers as well, cloud is an area where the long-term demand trends, as I mentioned earlier, are secular in nature overall. So memory and storage, given the kind of application that customers -- our data center customers, hyperscalers are working on, those are requiring more memory and more storage. So the longer-term trend continues to be healthy. 
In the near term, yes, I mean, COVID does have unprecedented amount of challenges and uncertainty in the entire tech ecosystem, and we are doing our best to continue to work with our customers. Our relationships today, since you were asking about those, are certainly a lot closer than they were in the previous time frame. I would say that even hyperscale customers have become somewhat more sophisticated in terms of understanding the memory dynamics and improving their own supply chain operations. So it's really a 2-way relationship. We do work closely together with them. 
Having said all of that, of course, our visibility cannot be perfect in this area. We continue to focus on working closely with the customers, understanding the requirements and planning our supply chain accordingly. And what also helps is that the markets are quite diverse for us. I mean, yes, cloud is a strong driver of growth for the business, but also we are well diversified with strong mobile footprint as well as PC and between DRAM and NAND. And as we talked about, diversified into the gaming side with new gaming consoles coming in, needing more DRAM, twice as much DRAM, the new gaming consoles. So diversity of the business is certainly a helpful factor for us to manage through some of these uncertainties.