Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon, everyone. In the first quarter, we demonstrated solid execution, further improved our balance sheet and began executing on our $10 billion share buyback program. We delivered strong profitability despite revenue headwinds from the inventory adjustments at several customers, and industry-wide CPU shortages. Our results also reflect our success in further diversifying our business as evidenced by record sales in our mobile, automotive and industrial businesses in the quarter. As we enter calendar 2019, we are seeing weakening demand from our customers. As a result, we are taking decisive actions, including a meaningful reduction in our fiscal 2019 CapEx plan, in both DRAM and NAND that will materially reduce our supply bit growth. I'll provide more details on these items later in the call after first reviewing the highlights of the quarter. I'll start with our execution progress. We are focused on improving our cost structure and increasing the mix of high-value solutions in our portfolio, both of which provide immediate benefits, and strengthen Micron's ability to drive long term profitable growth. Our cost reductions in DRAM and NAND have meaningfully outpaced the industry over the last 3 years. Our progress on advanced technology gives us confidence that we will deliver healthy year-over-year cost declines in DRAM and NAND in fiscal 2019, even after taking into account the supply and CapEx changes, which I referenced earlier. 
In the first quarter, we achieved crossover of 1X nanometer DRAM shipments, and started revenue shipments of 1Y nanometer products. Our 1Y year ramp is ahead of schedule, and we remain on track for meaningful production by the fiscal third quarter. We're also making excellent progress on our 1Z technology, which leverages our leadership in advanced materials and cost effective lithography techniques. In NAND, we continue to lead with our QLC product offerings, and have introduced both consumer QLC and VME SSDs and enterprise QLC SATA SSDs. 
In the first quarter, we started shipping 96-layer NAND products. Yields on 96-layer are ahead of plan. We remain focused on increasing the mix of high-value solutions in our portfolio, and investing in differentiated products for our customers. In DRAM, we introduced our 1Y nanometer 12-gigabit low-power DRAM, which offers the highest density available for the mobile market. We are seeing strong demand for this product as the market continues to move toward higher densities. 
In NAND, high-value solutions now represent over 50% of our NAND bits, which is an important milestone for us. The improving mix of high-value solutions increases our gross profit opportunity and provides better margin stability. The strength of our high-value solutions this quarter, which was driven by managed NAND products, helped us maintain overall NAND gross margins above 45%, despite industry oversupply. We strengthened our number 1 share position in SATA enterprise SSDs, gaining about 3 percentage points of market share sequentially, according to industry reports. In addition to the QLC consumer and VME SSD, mentioned earlier, we also introduced the industry's first one terabyte TLC and VME automotive SSD in the first quarter. We are working to further expand our NVMe [ 4 ] product portfolio, and plan to introduce SSDs targeting client, enterprise and cloud markets through the course of calendar 2019. 
Looking ahead, we expect the SSD market opportunity will continue to shift from SATA to NVMe. Fiscal 2019 will be a year of transition for our SSD portfolio, and we expect our SSD share gains to resume in fiscal 2020. In the meantime, the growth of our high-value NAND solutions in fiscal 2019 will be driven by our mobile managed NAND products, where we believe we have significant opportunity to increase share. In the first quarter, we shipped multiple high-capacity, high-performance UFS solutions, nearly tripling our bit shipments quarter-over-quarter. 
We continue to make good progress in developing high-value solutions using our 3D XPoint technology and plan to introduce differentiated products towards the end of calendar 2019, as previously discussed. Our conviction in the opportunities ahead is reflected in our October announcement that we intend to exercise our option to acquire Intel's interest in the IMFT Facility in Lehi, Utah, early in calendar 2019. 
Now turning to end markets. I will start first with mobile, where we set records for revenue, gross margins and operating margins in the first fiscal quarter. In addition to strong seasonal sales, we benefited from major product wins with several customers, which is driving our managed NAND share gains. We are seeing strong demand elasticity in this market, and within our MCP portfolio, our average NAND density was up over 25% sequentially, and over 150% year-on-year. Content growth also continues to do well in mobile DRAM, with more than 25% growth in density per unit shipped on a year-on-year basis. We expect content growth to continue in mobile devices, driven by broader use of artificial intelligence, and the increasing number of cameras in the average smartphone. These elements will become pervasive, while the industry readies for 5G implementation. In data center markets, we saw reduced revenue coming off a record-setting fiscal fourth quarter, due primarily to inventory adjustments at our customers. We expect this headwind will persist for a couple of quarters. We are seeing some cloud customers go through a digestion period following very strong growth over the last 2 years. 
We believe we are still in the early innings of cloud growth and long-term end customer demand trends remain strong in this market. Our engagement with our customers continues to be deep, and now includes collaboration on our 3D XPoint product roadmap. Higher density DRAM products are seeing stronger demand across the data center market. Revenue from our high-density 64 gigabyte DRAM modules grew more than 50% quarter-over-quarter. We are focused on the upcoming industry transition from 8 to 16 gigabit DRAM, and expect to start sampling our new 16 gigabit DRAM by our fiscal third quarter. In graphics, we started volume ramp of our high-performance GDDR6 memory, and are working closely with our key customers in this segment. Higher-than-normal inventories in gaming cards and the fall off in crypto-related demand created revenue headwinds, which we expect to continue for a couple more quarters. 
Looking ahead, we see broadening interest in high-performance graphics memory for AI enablement in segments like data center and automotive. Our product leadership in GDDR6 is already creating new opportunities in these segments. 
Turning to markets requiring our long life cycle products. In the fiscal first quarter, we had record revenue in auto and industrial markets, with a sequential expansion in gross margins. Strength in automotive continues to be driven by increasing demand for in-vehicle infotainment and advanced driver assistance systems. As a result, we see strong demand for our latest generation of automotive products. In November, we announced a collaboration with BMW to define and validate next generation automotive solutions. This is another proof point of Micron's leadership in automotive, and the growing criticality of memory and storage to leading-edge automotive applications. 
Turning to our DRAM industry outlook. As I've mentioned previously, DRAM demand weakened through the course of our fiscal first quarter. Since the start of this fiscal second quarter, the weakening demand trend has continued, and our near-term visibility is limited. Due to a lengthy period of rising DRAM prices, we believe some of our customers had decided to carry higher-than-normal inventory levels, and as DRAM supply caught up with demand, these customers are bringing down their inventory levels. Smartphone unit demand is also continuing to weaken, particularly, at a high-end in what is seasonally slow quarter for mobile. 
Lastly, we are continuing to see the impact of CPU shortages. While our customers' end market demand in segments like industrial, cloud, enterprise and client compute is healthy, this inventory adjustment period will contribute to weaker demand conditions in DRAM that will likely persist through the first half of calendar 2019. We now expect DRAM bit demand growth for the industry in calendar 2019 at approximately 16%, compared with our prior expectation of approximately 20%. Even after factoring in the recent CapEx cuts publicly announced across the industry, DRAM supply growth is tracking above our view of demand growth in calendar 2019. Given this supply-demand dynamic, we are taking decisive actions to lower our DRAM bit output growth to approximately 15% for calendar 2019, versus our prior plan of around 20% bit growth. These actions include a significant reduction to our capital expenditures in fiscal year 2019. Based on our current demand estimates, our DRAM bit shipments for the fiscal second quarter will decline sequentially, but more importantly, are likely to be flat to down on a year-over-year basis as well, consistent with a weak quarter for the memory industry and significantly below the long-term demand growth rate. This shows that inventory adjustments by our customers are well underway. Barring weaker macroeconomic conditions, we expect our DRAM bit demand to grow sequentially in our fiscal third quarter. 
Looking beyond fiscal Q3, as we enter the second half of calendar 2019, we expect a healthier demand environment alongside an improved industry supply picture, which should contribute to improved financial performance. 
In NAND, while the inventory levels at customers are in better shape, NAND suppliers appear to have elevated levels of inventory. The transition from planar to 3D NAND in the industry and successful ramp of 64-layer across the NAND manufacturers has resulted in oversupply in the market over the last several quarters. We currently expect calendar 2019 NAND industry bit demand growth to be approximately 35%, with ongoing impacts due to client compute CPU shortages, and weaker high-end smartphone unit demand. Even after taking into account recently publicly announced NAND CapEx reductions for calendar 2019, our assessment is that the NAND industry supply growth will exceed industry demand growth in the coming calendar year. We are, therefore, lowering our 2019 planned NAND bit growth, and further reducing our fiscal 2019 NAND CapEx. We now expect our calendar 2019 NAND supply bit growth to be meaningfully reduced from prior expectations, and expect our bit shipment growth to be in line with the industry demand at approximately 35%. We also expect NAND demand to accelerate in the second half of the calendar year, as demand elasticity kicks in for the mobile, enterprise and client markets. Given our attractive cost structure on leading-edge NAND and DRAM, in this market environment, we will manage pricing and carry inventory as necessary to optimize our profitability. We are taking decisive action on the supply side to manage our business in a prudent fashion, with an eye towards delivering a robust return on our investments. Our actions will significantly reduce our fiscal 2019 CapEx and allow us to continue delivering strong profitability and healthy free cash flow, while investing in our strategic priorities as we position Micron to capitalize on the exciting growth opportunities for the company. 
I'll now turn it over to Dave to provide financial details of our fiscal first quarter and guidance for the second quarter.

Thank you, Dave. While we end calendar 2018 on the heels of unprecedented profitability and revenue for both Micron and the industry, we do believe we are entering a period of weaker market conditions. We are taking prudent actions to adapt our manufacturing plans to the changing demand environment. While we are implementing expense controls, we are also continuing to invest in our technology and cost competitiveness, as well as strengthening our portfolio of high-value solutions. Memory and storage have become essential ingredients to the value created by the data economy, and it is this added value that is driving a virtual cycle of long-term growth and innovation. We continue to believe that the memory industry is structurally stronger, with more diversified demand drivers and moderating supply growth capability. Micron is better positioned than ever before to win in this environment with our strong balance sheet and the structural improvements we have made to our operating model in the past several years. We believe 2019 will be a year of solid profitability, and I look forward to sharing our results over the quarters ahead. We will now open for questions.

So inventory at our customers and this is -- customers in various segments of our market, some of those customers are carrying higher levels of inventory, and that inventory level varies from customer to customer, we believe. And our assessment is that inventory adjustments will take couple of quarters for it to be corrected, for it to work through the system entirely and, of course, we continue to work with our customers in the meantime, in terms of understanding their longer-term demand requirements. And, certainly, our customers are indicating optimism towards the demand requirements in the second half of the year, and especially, as inventory adjustments work through the system and as supply cuts, the effect of those come through the industry, as well as second half of the calendar year tends to be seasonally stronger, compared to the first half of the year, we do expect that by the second half of the year, we'll have an environment that will be improved, stronger, compared to the first half of the year. And just keep in mind that the long-term demand trends in our end markets of cloud, client, enterprise, graphics, all of these end markets, the trends continue to be strong, needing more memory and more storage ultimately. We're just going through an air pocket here, related to primarily inventory adjustments, as well as some seasonal, weak mobile demand, including mobile demand on the high-end smartphones that is impacting some of our near-term visibility, as well as the near-term outlook.

So I think our inventory, our cost structure is very good, both on DRAM as well as on the NAND side. And so we are definitely prepared that in terms of managing our overall profitability, which is absolutely our primary focus, that we'll manage pricing and manage inventory accordingly, as necessary. If inventor has to be carried over, we will carry it over, because the demand in NAND will kick in with elasticity. In DRAM, the inventory consumption with our customers will occur, supply cuts will be driving return to stronger demand environment, compared to -- in the second half, compared to first half. So we will be using inventory as a lever to ultimately manage for the best profitability of the company. And certainly, be prepared, use that inventory as necessary to also capitalize on the second half opportunities. And our focus really will also remain that in terms of our CAGR, in terms of output growth, to be aligned with the demand CAGR. And we'll, of course, from time-to-time, use inventory as a lever to manage the profitability of our business and, of course, manage our customers' requirements as well.

With respect to the cost structure, we continue to be in very good position, as we said, that for our fiscal year '19, we'll have healthy cost reductions, both for NAND as well as DRAM. And you're, of course, right to note that as we increase the mix of our high-value solutions, for example, over the longer term as we increase our SSD mix or increase our managed NAND solutions, those do tend to incur higher costs. But they also bring higher margins, higher profitability, higher pricing associated with them as well. So cost wise, we are in good shape.

So, certainly, we are taking actions, a range of actions, and we won't really get into any specifics here in terms of what actions we are taking to reduce our output. You earlier mentioned about inventory. I mean, of course, we will carry inventory as necessary to manage the profitability. But important thing to understand is that we are taking decisive actions in terms of reducing our production output, both in NAND as well as in DRAM. And that's the contributor to the $1.25 billion reduction in CapEx, compared to our prior guidance. And, of course, our intention here is to align our supply output in line with the industry demand trends. And we feel very good about the actions we have taken. In DRAM, we've pointed out that compared to our prior expectations of 20% supply bit growth in calendar 2019, we have taken actions now to reduce our output to provide a 15% supply output growth on a year-over-year basis. And in DRAM as well, we have taken actions to adjust our output so that our shipments will match with our demand that we expect to be around 35% in 2019. And I just wanted to make it very clear here -- and I just want to be very clear as we have always said, that we are not adding any new wafer capacity. We are -- the CapEx that we discussed today, the lowered CapEx that we discussed, which on a wafer equipment basis is a reduction from fiscal year '18 CapEx, is all going towards technology transitions only. And that, of course, is the best way to achieve the ROI on those investments.

So, Mark, I'm not going to get into the specifics. Most important thing is, we have managed our CapEx lower, and we continue to take actions to manage our production output lower to align our supply with our demand expectations. And I think the effect of these actions will in fact, some of these actions will start showing as early as this quarter.

And the reduction of these output that we are talking about, our cost structure will remain in very good shape, even with that. And in fact, in terms of cost, on a year-over-year basis, we actually, our cost reductions we believe both in DRAM and NAND, will be above the industry. Cost reductions remain above the industry, yes.

So first of all, I think we should realize that the end market demand trends, by and large, really remain quite healthy and our customers also are absolutely continuing to show to us the optimism around the long-term demand trends. And as we noted in my remarks, that in our fiscal second quarter, the bits for DRAM, let me first talk about DRAM here, the bits for DRAM will be down on a year-over-year basis, and this needs to be compared with the long-term DRAM demand CAGR of 20%, high teens to 20% range. So, when in FQ2, on a year-over-year basis, you reduction and you contrast it with the long-term demand trends of 20% kind of demand growth, then it tells you that during fiscal second quarter, a lot of the inventory adjustments will certainly be occurring. And that's why we say that it will take couple of quarters for inventory adjustments to occur. So again, the point about year-over-year reduction in our DRAM shipments is an important point in understanding that the inventory adjustment by our customers is well underway. And all of this, while the end market demand drivers of cloud, as you see from all the data, is absolutely continuing to be healthy, the end market demand driver in terms of average capacity increases of flash and smartphones, as well as DRAM content and smartphones driven by AI and machine learning, continues to be on the upward trend. And of course, applications like automotive and industrial IoT, with more AI and more machine learning, all of these are continuing to drive the demand trends toward a need for more storage and more memory. And we laid out some of these opportunities at our Investor Day, and all of those opportunities very much stay intact, and at the end market level, continue to be vibrant. So, I think these couple of points that the November quarter itself was, in terms of overall shipment, was below seasonal, as well as the first quarter, on a year-over-year basis, really showing reduction, points to inventory adjustments are well underway. And, of course, you have to look at this in the backdrop that the output in the industry is coming down as well. We have announced our decisive actions here today, and we have provided the outlook in terms of our output growth in calendar year '19, both for NAND as well as DRAM. So these -- and then, as I said before, that second half of the year tends to be a seasonally stronger part in terms of demand compared to the first half. So these all are definitely pointing to our confidence, and built up on inputs from our customers in terms of second half of the year being stronger than the first half of the year in terms of -- in demand trends and the industry fundamentals as well. And let me just point out one more thing here, that when you look at industry, I mean, compared to the past cycles, really the CapEx cuts are happening at much, much earlier level in the cycle. And really, in terms of happening even at much higher levels of profitability than ever in the past. So all this, overall, I believe, bodes well for the long term fundamentals of the industry as well as, certainly, for Micron.

I think in that regard, you know as much as I do, and over the course of last couple of months, there have been a reduction that have been discussed in the industry, the reductions that you have heard about, that manufacturers have talked about, but also, several analysts have indicated those as well. And of course, the near-term outlook has also, as we said, continued to weaken through the course of our FQ1 time frame and even since our FQ2 has started, those demand weakening trends have continued as well. So I think that this is the information that is out there, is what we're using, but we can only talk about ourselves and we can -- we certainly have taken here decisive actions in terms of managing our output growth in line with our demand expectations.

Certainly, as we have been speaking for a while, the transition from SATA to NVMe is taking place at a fast pace in enterprise, as well as in cloud applications. And we have been focused on developing our own products. And that's why we have said that in calendar year -- our fiscal year 2019, as we bring out our new NVMe products to the market, our 2019 calendar year ends up being more a year of transition for us. But there is no question that the market certainly is moving from SATA to NVMe applications across-the-board. And we have just introduced some of our early NVMe products for consumer SSDs, and I talked about how we have introduced NVMe product for automotive applications as well. And during the course of calendar 2019, we'll first be bringing out client NVMe products to the market, and then later in the year, we'll bring enterprise and cloud NVMe SSDs. And that's why we look at calendar year 2020 will be the one time frame when we start gaining share again in our SSDs -- SSD market.

I think what we have shown you today is that we are able to take decisive actions and we are able to take them fast. I mean, just remember that FQ4 was a record year for the company. And FQ1 is when we first saw signs of inventory adjustment. During the course of FQ1, we have been able to react in terms of cutting down our CapEx, as well as manage our output growth. So point is, we can react fast to the changes that are needed in the marketplace, and we remain, this is something we review very, very closely on an ongoing basis, very focused on making sure that we are maximizing the long-term profitability and long-term growth opportunity for Micron. So this is something that in terms of cost, we feel very good about our position for 2019 and beyond -- going beyond that. We of course continue to make very good progress on our technology nodes. As I discussed with you, our technology on 1Z is progressing well. We feel good about that roadmap and continue to make good progress on our NAND roadmap as well. And that will all position us well for 2019 as well as for 2020 time frame. And I just want to point out that our focus also is on shifting our portfolio to high-value solutions, and those will also strengthen our profitability profile.

So, I will just touch on CapEx, on your previous question on cost, I also wanted to point out that on the cost side, we are making tremendous progress on the back-end assembly and test cost reductions, as well as managing, transforming our supply chain operations, which will give us significant cost benefits as well. So, all in all, 2019 and beyond feel very good about our technology roadmap, manufacturing roadmap capability, as well as overall cost capabilities. In terms of, on the CapEx side, just keep in mind that we have said that with the adjustments that we just have made, over wafer equipment CapEx actually is coming down in fiscal year '19 versus fiscal year '18. And as we've discussed before, Micron over the last few years, have significantly underinvested in clean room shell CapEx in the facilities and the buildings that are needed to really implement ongoing future technology transitions and a big part of our CapEx, as we have shared with you the past, actually is going towards buildings and facilities, clean room that will be needed for future technology transitions as well. All of that CapEx does not contribute to bit growth. And similarly, we a have significant increase in our CapEx in fiscal year '19 over fiscal year '18 on back-end test and assembly operations as well. And that is, again, intended to reduce costs, and not -- it doesn't go towards any bit growth. And we have flexibility, as we have shown already, in terms of managing CapEx. We'll continue to look at this carefully. And if any factors require us to change our CapEx outlook again, we will absolutely address it in a timely and prudent fashion. We always continue to evaluate market environment, as well as our own status of technology, transitions, production requirements, and we are making real-time adjustments as needed.

Again, in terms of cost per bit, there are a lot of details that have to be looked at. We're not going to get into all of those details here. Key message here is that we are bringing our production output in line with our demand expectations. Second, we feel very good about our technology position and our cost position, and we'll continue to do very well in this regard. Cost position, of course, includes wafer level, die cost position, but also includes the benefits of assembly and test cost improvements that we are making; and third, is we absolutely stay focused on our high-value solutions strategy, and we're executing well in this area. We talked about how in mobile, even in a market environment of significant NAND oversupply, we actually have delivered strong gains in our mobile high-value solutions portfolio as well.