Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon, everyone. Micron executed well in the second quarter, delivering solid results and healthy levels of profitability and free cash flow despite a challenging industry environment. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet in the quarter by increasing our cash position and total liquidity. Although we expect industry headwinds in the near term, we continue to grow and diversify our product portfolio, improve our cost competitiveness and lay the foundation to emerge stronger, both financially and operationally from this environment. 
I would like to start with the review of 2 important pillars of Micron's strategy, improving cost competitiveness and increasing high-value solutions in our portfolio. Our strategy positions us for the tremendous opportunities ahead, while also enabling us to better navigate near-term headwinds. Strong execution against this strategy has improved our annualized profitability by over $6 billion from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2018. This has improved our EBITDA margin by more than 15 percentage points relative to our competitors over the same period. We expect further progress on cost reduction this fiscal year, including healthy year-over-year cost declines in both DRAM and NAND. 
In DRAM, our 1Y nanometer is yielding well, and we expect to increase conversion to 1Y nanometer in the second half of fiscal 2019. We are also making excellent progress on 1Z nanometer and have started sampling products utilizing this technology. 
As we have said in the past, future DRAM node transitions required additional process steps and more fab cleanroom space. Consequently, in addition to the previously announced expansion of our Hiroshima facility, we are starting site preparation for the cleanroom expansion at our Taichung facility to enable the transition of existing DRAM wafer capacity to future nodes. We are still finalizing the timing but expect production output some time in calendar 2021. 
In NAND, we achieved meaningful production on 96-layer 3D NAND in fiscal Q2 with the fastest yield ramp of any NAND product in our history. We are also making good progress on development of our fourth generation 3D NAND, which uses our replacement gate technology. Given the high initial capital requirements of floating gate to replacement gate conversion, we expect that our first replacement gate node will provide limited cost reduction, and hence, we are planning to deploy this node across select NAND products, with the rest of the portfolio converting later to the second node of replacement gate. This approach will optimize the ROI of our NAND capital investments as we convert our capacity. 
As a reminder, our replacement gate architecture will allow us to deliver performance improvements and provide us an efficient path towards scaling multiple future generations of 3D NAND. Given the limited initial deployment at the first node of replacement gate, we expect that our NAND bit supply growth in calendar 2020 will be below industry demand levels, and we plan to utilize our cost-effective floating gate inventory positioned to meet customer requirements. 
Turning to high-value solutions. More than 2/3 of NAND revenues in the first half of fiscal 2019 were from high-value solutions, up from 55% in the first half of 2018. This increased mix of high-value solutions, combined with our competitive cost structure, enabled us to deliver fiscal Q2 NAND gross margin in the high 30s despite steep price declines in the industry. 
In SSDs, we are making progress on transitioning to NVMe while continuing to improve our cost profile in SATA. In fiscal Q2, we began revenue shipments to a large PC OEM for our first NVMe client SSD, which features our internally designed controller and are in active qualifications with other customers. We intend to introduce cloud and enterprise NVMe SSDs later this calendar year. 
In SATA, we introduced consumer and client SSDs based on 96-layer 3D NAND in fiscal Q2. 
In the cloud market, our custom persistent memory solution, which combines DRAM and NAND, is now fully ramped and contributed meaningfully to our cloud revenues. 3D XPoint development remains on track with customers' samples planned before calendar year-end. We believe 3D XPoint technology will be a key enabler for numerous new applications, particularly artificial intelligence and data analytics.
As announced previously, in January of this year, we exercised our option to acquire Intel's interest in the IMFT facility in Lehi, Utah. This acquisition provides us with the manufacturing capability and highly skilled talent to drive 3D XPoint to development and innovation. 
Now turning to end markets. I'll start with mobile. During fiscal Q2, we grew revenues and expanded gross margins year-over-year despite adverse memory and storage pricing and weakness in high-end smartphone unit sales. Our performance in mobile was propelled by growth in our managed NAND portfolio, where NAND bit shipments grew more than 5x year-over-year. We are also seeing strong demand for our 1Y nanometer LPDRAM due to its industry-leading capacity and best-in-class power consumption. 
Memory and storage content growth in smartphones continues, driven by features such as multiple cameras, machine learning, computational photography and 4K video. Last month, Samsung announced its premium Galaxy S10 Plus smartphone, featuring 12 gigabytes of DRAM and 1 terabyte of NAND. At Mobile World Congress, several companies announced exciting new forms featuring 5G connectivity and foldable screens. These next-generation premium smartphones will typically feature 8 to 12 gigabytes of DRAM and 256 to 512 gigabytes of NAND versus 4 to 6 gigabytes of DRAM and 64 to 128 gigabytes of NAND in current-generation premium smartphones. These trends will likely cascade to lower-tier phones as well. We believe that 5G foldable phones and upcoming innovations in augmented and virtual reality will drive sustained content growth for years to come and should reignite smartphone unit sales beginning in calendar 2020. 
We are also excited by the opportunity that 5G is likely to create beyond mobile as it will enable true machine-to-machine communication and accelerate data creation and analysis, which are fundamental drivers for our business. We expect 5G adoption to create increased demand for memory and storage in IoT devices, wireless infrastructure and data centers. Our embedded and networking businesses are already starting to see benefit from early 5G infrastructure investments. 
In the data center markets, the demand for memory has moderated this year, following exceptional growth in the last 2 years. The slowdown in demand is a result of ongoing customer inventory adjustments as well as software optimizations at some cloud customers. We expect growth to resume in the second half of calendar 2019 as we see improvement in our customers' inventory position. The new server processors that support higher memory densities are expected to be introduced in a few months, which should drive additional demand growth in the second half of calendar 2019. 
In fiscal Q2, we shipped high-density 1Y nanometer DDR4 server module samples to customers ahead of plan, which will position us well to benefit from this new CPU platform ramp. 
In graphics, we grew sales of our high-performance GDDR6 DRAM and expanded our customer base, which positions us for stronger growth in the second half of calendar 2019. We are seeing steep customer inventory adjustments in GDDR5 and expect them to be largely completed by the middle of this calendar year. 
We had delivered strong quarter in automotive, with year-over-year revenue growth driven by increasing demand for ADAS and advanced in-vehicle infotainment systems. In fiscal Q2, we announced several new automotive products, including a collaboration with Qualcomm for next-generation in-vehicle infotainment and 5G communications modules. We also announced a new strategic collaboration with a leading supplier of ADAS platforms using our full portfolio of memory and storage products. Like last year, automobile unit sales are a short-term challenge; however, we see the auto market generating robust growth for Micron over the next decade as memory and storage content continues to increase in autos, driven by advanced infotainment systems and the adoption of autonomous vehicles. 
In the industrial and consumer markets, we saw a decline in sales due to seasonal, macroeconomic and pricing weaknesses as well as inventory adjustments. We had important design wins in video surveillance, point-of-sales and factory automation applications. 
At Mobile World Congress, we announced the industry's first 1 terabyte microSD card using QLC NAND. 
In the PC market, sales declined more than 25% sequentially, driven by weaker pricing and the inventory drawdowns seen in other segments as well as client CPU shortages. We remain focused on our cost competitiveness in this market, and over 2/3 of our PC DRAM bit shipments are now coming from our advanced 1X and 1Y nanometer technology nodes. 
Now turning to our DRAM industry outlook. Since our last earnings call, DRAM pricing weakened more than expected. Our demand outlook for calendar 2019 has moderated, led by somewhat greater levels of customer inventory, weakening server demand at several enterprise OEM customers and worse-than-expected CPU shortages. We believe macroeconomic uncertainty is also contributing to hesitation in buying behavior at some customers. 
However, as we discussed on our last earnings call, we still expect DRAM bit shipments to begin infusing in our fiscal Q3, with demand growth strengthening in the second half of calendar 2019, as most customer inventories are likely to normalize by midyear. Based on our current view, we now estimate calendar 2019 DRAM bit demand growth from our customers to be in the low- to mid-teens, with their end demand a few points above that. Further, we estimate the industry supply bit growth is tracking to mid- to high teens. 
Given the lower DRAM demand outlook from our customers, we have decided to idle approximately 5% of our DRAM wafer starts. This action will bring our production levels close to our view of DRAM industry bit demand growth for calendar 2019. We will continue to monitor the market and take appropriate actions to ensure that our bit supply growth in calendar 2019 remains closely aligned with demand. 
Looking beyond our fiscal 2019, we expect bit demand growth to accelerate as mobile and server demand improves. In particular, we expect robust DRAM bit demand growth in fiscal 2020 bouncing back from a weak fiscal 2019. 
NAND markets remain oversupplied from the acceleration in bit growth, driven by the industry transition to 64-layered 3D NAND. Although fiscal Q2 pricing came in below our expectations, we are optimistic that demand elasticity and seasonal trends will support improving demand growth in the second half of the calendar year. We expect that calendar 2019 NAND bit demand growth is likely to be in the mid-30s percent range, with industry supply growing in the high 30s, and we are targeting our bit shipments to grow close to the growth rate of industry bit demand. We have been managing our NAND bit supply growth prudently, including adjusting our capital planning and wafer volumes. We are reducing our total NAND wafer starts by approximately 5%, mostly through reductions on our legacy nodes. 
Given these changes in DRAM and NAND industry conditions, we have reduced our CapEx for fiscal year '19 and are evaluating our CapEx for fiscal year '20. We are taking prudent actions to address the current market conditions while executing well on our long-term strategic objectives. 
I will now turn it over to Dave to provide financial results of our fiscal second quarter and guidance for the third quarter.

Thank you, Dave. In response to near-term industry conditions, we are taking decisive action to reduce our supply growth to be consistent with industry demand. At the same time, we continue to invest and execute against our strategic priorities to reduce costs and increase the mix of high-value solutions in our portfolio. The long-term demand trends for Micron remain very healthy, with tremendous growth opportunities across multiple markets. We continue to believe that the memory industry is structurally stronger with more diversified demand drivers and moderating supply growth capability. With our strong balance sheet and improved product portfolio and operating model, Micron is better positioned than ever before to win and deliver long-term value for shareholders. 
We will now open for questions.

With respect to hyperscale, as I said in my remarks that we do expect that inventory will work through the system at our customers during the first half of the year. And we certainly are seeing evidence of inventory consumption by our customers. And we do expect that, that will largely be completed by mid this year. And we do expect in DRAM that growth will accelerate both sequentially and year-over-year for the rest of the calendar year. And second half of the calendar year, with respect to demand improvement, we'll be -- demand will improve in the second half of the calendar year compared to the first half of the calendar year. And of course, effect of CPU shortages, those will continue to improve in situation over the course of the year, and we expect that also to contribute toward improvement in demand in the second half of the calendar year compared to first year.

So I think as Dave had previously mentioned in one of the earnings calls, that about 150 days of inventory is something that we are comfortable with. And when we really look at our demand at this time and look at our production output, we think it is important for us to bring our supply to be in line with the expected demand for the year. And it provides us obvious benefits in terms of managing our inventories more effectively, managing our cash flow effectively as well and really managing our business in a healthy fashion. Of course, our inventory is at good cost. There is no obsolescence issue with this inventory at all, but we really considered it prudent management of our business to bring our supply growth in line with our demand expectations.

Our cost position will be good in fiscal year 2020 because today with our both 64-layer as well as 96-layer technologies, we absolutely have been outperforming the industry in terms of our -- at the die level, the cost on a per gigabyte basis. And that -- and obviously, as you know, we have discussed this many times in the past, those benefits come from CMOS Under the Array architecture, which Micron has pioneered, and we currently are in our third-generation using that. So that gives us a very significant cost advantage, and that will carry over well, giving us competitive mix of NAND production in 2020 in our fiscal year 2020 to meet the market demand. And keep in mind, the fourth generation of our 3D NAND, which will be the first node in replacement gate technology, even with greater number of layers, will actually have greater capital intensity associated with it because of transition from floating gate to replacement gate that requires more tools, more specific unique tools to implement replacement gate. And that's why we are really converting portion of our portfolio to that first-generation replacement gate technology. And remainder of the portfolio will convert from the third-generation floating gate to the second node of replacement gate later on. And obviously, that will provide us a bigger benefit when we do that. The second node of replacement gate will get higher layers later compared to the first node. So that will give us a benefit of cost as well as ROI and it will really be the best way to manage this transition for us. So in summary, even with increasing the number of layers in the current and first generation of replacement gate, we feel very good about the cost competitiveness with the mix of floating gate and replacement gate technologies that we'll be achieving next year.

So bottom line is, we are reducing our output of DRAM and NAND. In DRAM, the reduction in supply growth is a result of this idling capacity, idling wafer starts is bigger impact. And in NAND, as we reduce our wafer starts, particularly related to the legacy nodes, the impact on the supply bit growth is smaller because that wafer start reduction that you mentioned is primarily targeted toward legacy nodes. So again, the objective of these is to bring out or to bring down our supply growth towards our estimations of demand, both in DRAM and NAND from the point of view of 2019 as well as 2020 time frame. And with respect to cost, as I said before, we have continued to outperform in terms of cost reduction -- year-over-year cost reduction capability in DRAM, and we feel very good about our ability to manage with this slowdown in DRAM managed in a competitive fashion with our costs over the course of the next few quarters. And in NAND, I just commented on our cost position there. And I'll just add to the previous comments on the cost position that, of course, next year, we will also continue to get the benefit of our 96-layer transition from 64-layer to 96-layer, the ongoing transition during the course of next year, which will also be helping us with cost. So I believe our cost in DRAM as well as NAND will be competitive. And I just want to point out that the benefits of reduction -- an output reduction go beyond just aspects of cost. They, of course include -- those benefits include inventory management and cash flow management.

We are not providing fiscal Q4 guidance here. But as we have said, that second half of this calendar year, we do expect that bit growth in DRAM to continue on a quarter-over-quarter basis, both sequentially as well as on a year-over-year basis. And that is already -- we are guiding to bit growth in DRAM for our F Q3, and that should continue in F Q4 and for the rest of the year as well. And in NAND, there is, of course, seasonality in the second half of the calendar year. And of course, we expect the effect of elasticity also to help improve the demand. And the trends of increasing average capacities in smartphones, both for DRAM and NAND, continues to be intact. When you look at the results that some of the cloud service providers have reported, those results continue to be solid, pointing to the demand and the growth in cloud services. And of course, memory and storage is an essential part of all the computing paradigms of the future that are increasingly being based on the [INML ] as well. All of that bodes well for the long-term demand trends as well. But yes, I mean, we do -- in all of our end markets, we do see generally improvement in demand in the second half versus the first half. And of course, all of this is barring macroeconomic uncertainty. In case there is any further deterioration in the macroeconomic climate, then we can have different impact in this outlook. But that's what based on what we know today, that's our assessment of demand expectations.

So demand has been weak so far this year, and we expect demand environment to be weak in the first half as well. So when we talk about our total DRAM demand growth expectation, we are talking about the full year basis, right? So we need to be -- and when we look at our supply growth, of course, we are looking at that, too, on a full year basis. So we want to bring our supply in line with our demand expectations. And we believe that this improving demand environment, second half versus first half that I referred to earlier, we will be able to capture the benefit of that with our supply cutbacks that we have mentioned and also help bring our -- over time continue to drive improvement in our inventory position as well.

And on NAND, I just want to point out again that 96-layer is still early in our production ramp, and it will continue to ramp during the course of next year as we bring out our first node of replacement gate. So 96-layer will also continue to be a strong driver of our cost reduction capability in 2020.

So obviously, we pay a lot of attention to this in terms of managing the mix of our production. We do that on an ongoing basis anyhow in production. And when we implement this output cut, both in NAND as well as DRAM, obviously, we make sure that we are not able -- we are not impacting any aspect of our ability to fulfill our demand. So as we said -- I mean, we have high levels of inventory currently, both in NAND and DRAM, and it gives us an opportunity to bring our production to be in line with demand. And when we say that, we mean that we will be able to address the demand in all of our end markets. We are not going to compromise our production cuts so that we run low in terms of meeting our customers' requirements in any of the end market segments. So we believe this is a very prudent way for us to manage our business.

With respect to NAND elasticity, I mean, certainly the average capacities in notebook PCs as well as the attach rates of SSDs to notebooks does continue to go [out],  so that is, of course, a price-elastic market as well. And the price -- attractive price points of NAND, of course, provide benefits of greater HDD replacement, both in the data center market as well as in the client market. Mobile definitely continues to be pointing to elasticity with respect to NAND. At Mobile World Congress, you saw smartphones, foldable phones and 5G phones being announced with 512 gigabyte and terabyte of storage capacities in them. And again, applications are also advancing toward features that require more and more storage. For example, 5G will have greater connectivity as well as low latency, will of course, be driving applications that will need more DRAM as well as more NAND. So applications -- end-market applications continue to do very well, and Micron itself, with respect to our product portfolio, we are very much focused on continuing to expand our product offerings. And we have also on the SSD side, we are expanding our portfolio with NVMe solutions. We have just brought our first NVMe client drive into the market, and later this year, we will have NVMe for enterprise and cloud applications as well. So this is -- and we announced that we got a qualification win and just began shipment to a customer with our NVMe -- first-generation NVMe client driver as well. So these are all the things that we are absolutely focused on in terms of a road map toward expanding our opportunities. And of course, we have made a lot of improvement with respect to some of these solutions over the course of last couple of years. And there's a lot of execution that is remaining ahead of us with respect to expanding our SSD opportunities, for example, as well as growing our mobile opportunities on the NAND side, where we have gained meaningful share over the course of last few quarters, but there is a lot more opportunity and a lot more road map execution that is required for us here.

So with respect to the timing of demand in the second quarter, that was, as we mentioned, it was a large customer's timing of specific fulfillment of their demand, and that's what -- and that was related to NAND. And with respect to the second part of your question, as I said before, that we do see evidence of inventory consumption by our customers, and that gives us confidence that this inventory will largely work itself through the system in the first half with improvements in demand in the second half. And we have also, certainly in recent weeks, seen some new orders from certain customers that previously had high inventories. Of course, too soon to use this as any kind of a slope in terms of demand buildup from here on. But bottom line is that ultimately, the end-market demand drivers continue to be strong. The consumption of DRAM by our customers in the end markets, particularly cloud markets, continues to be healthy. It's just that those customers are using up their inventory to meet that demand. And over the course of next few months, by mid this year, that inventory will be returning to normalized levels to a large extent. Then that will provide for opportunities for greater demand in the second half of the year compared to the first half.