Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon.
Fiscal 2019 was another solid year of execution as we continue to transform the New Micron. Despite the challenging industry environment, we achieved the second-best year in our history of revenue, free cash flow and earnings, which underscores the strength of the New Micron. We improved structural profitability by further reducing the technology gap with competitors and by strengthening our product portfolio. We also made progress on our $10 billion share repurchase program by returning $2.7 billion to our shareholders.
In the fiscal fourth quarter, the Micron team's strong execution resulted in financial performance exceeding our guidance ranges. Market trends were broadly consistent with our expectations discussed on the last earnings call. DRAM demand bounced back as the factors that impacted calendar first half demand largely dissipated. NAND elasticity is driving robust demand growth, causing industry inventories to improve rapidly. While the demand recovery in DRAM and NAND is encouraging, we remain mindful of ongoing macroeconomic and trade uncertainties. I will provide more color on our view of the market after the review of progress on our key strategic objectives.
Since 2016, the actions we have taken to reduce our cost structure, increase our mix of high-value solutions and enhance our customer engagement and go-to-market strategy have significantly improved our profitability relative to our peers.
In fiscal 2019, our DRAM cost per bit declines led the industry and exceeded our internal plans despite the headwinds from our announced reduction in wafer starts. In the fiscal fourth quarter, we began mass production and volume shipments of the industry's first 1Z products, giving Micron feature size leadership for DRAM. We are also making good progress migrating more of our production to leading-edge nodes. While we enter fiscal 2019 with more than half of our bit production on 20-nanometer or older nodes, we ended the fiscal year with approximately 3/4 on 1X and beyond, with a meaningful portion on 1Y. As previously announced, we are expanding cleanroom space in our Taichung, Taiwan site to support future node transitions of our existing wafer capacity, and we expect output from this facility in calendar 2021.
In NAND, we continued to outpace industry cost declines during fiscal 2019. 96-layer 3D NAND is continuing to increase as a portion of our mix. Meanwhile, we achieved our first yielding dies using replacement gate or RG for short. This milestone further reduces the risk for our RG transition. As a reminder, our first RG node will be 128 layers and will be used for a select set of products. We don't expect RG to deliver meaningful cost reductions until fiscal 2021 when our second-generation RG node is broadly deployed. Consequently, we are expecting minimal cost reductions in NAND in fiscal 2020. Our RG production deployment approach will optimize the ROI of our NAND capital investments. In addition, we announced the grand opening of our Singapore cleanroom expansion in August. This will enable the transition of our existing NAND wafer capacity to future generations of 3D NAND technology.
We are continuing to make solid progress with our 3D XPoint product development and remain on track to launch our initial products in calendar 2019.
Now turning to highlights by markets. In SSDs, the industry transition from SATA to NVMe in fiscal 2019 continued at a rapid rate. While we have been late to the NVMe market, our progress positions us to gain share starting in fiscal 2020. For OEMs, building on strong growth last quarter, we more than tripled revenue shipments of our NVMe client SSD sequentially with sales penetration in multiple Tier 1 PC OEMs. Our QLC-based NVMe consumer SSD was a best-selling SSD on Amazon Prime Day in North America. Our consumer SSD segment achieved record revenue and unit shipments with bits posting triple digit percentage growth year-over-year driven by our strategy to pursue channel expansion that extends our geographical and customer reach.
Price elasticity is driving an increase in attach rates and capacities, leading to solid demand growth across client and consumer SSDs. We are also making solid progress on advancing our road map of NVMe SSDs for the enterprise and cloud markets. In fiscal 2019, we introduced the high-performance 9300 line of NVMe products targeting high-end data center applications and are looking forward to increasing adoption of this product.
In mobile, our portfolio featuring the industry's lowest-power and highest-density products is enabling our customers to bring differentiated capabilities to the market and helping us deliver outstanding financial performance in a challenging industry environment. In fiscal 2019, we delivered mobile revenue that was down only 3% from 2018's record performance despite a significant drop in market pricing and the impact from the addition of Huawei to the Entity List. Our mobile margins were resilient and our managed NAND bit shipments in fiscal 2019 more than tripled year-on-year driven by growth of MCP and discrete NAND eMMC and UFS products. In the fiscal fourth quarter, we started volume shipments of a new leading-edge UFS-based MCP that uses our 1Z LPDRAM. This new UFS MCP will bring flagship-like performance and densities to mid- and high-end smartphones. We are also leading the industry in power efficient, high-bandwidth LP5 DRAM, which positions us well as 5G begins to accelerate in 2020.
In data center, customer inventories for DRAM have reduced significantly, driving solid sequential demand growth for server solutions in both cloud and enterprise markets. New processor platforms are also creating an uptick in demand for higher-density and higher-performance DRAM modules.
In graphics, we saw strong sequential bit growth with increases for graphics cards and gaming consoles as normal buying resumed following inventory reductions in DRAM.
In the PC market, DRAM module and SSD shipments continued the growth trend from last quarter as CPU shortages further subsided.
In automotive, we continued to increase revenue year-over-year despite weak auto industry unit sales and a challenging DRAM industry environment. Our growth was supported by secular content increases, our superior quality and well-established customer relationships. LP4 shipments in the fiscal fourth quarter were over 5x higher year-over-year as lower-power DRAM becomes increasingly important for new infotainment and ADAS systems. We continue to have leading industry share in automotive.
Before talking about the market outlook, I want to provide an update on our business with Huawei and the ongoing impact of trade uncertainties. As we noted last quarter, we started shipping some products to Huawei that are not subject to Export Administration Regulations and Entity List restrictions. In the fiscal fourth quarter, sales to Huawei declined sequentially and were down meaningfully from the levels we anticipated prior to the addition of Huawei to the Entity List. We have applied for licenses with the Department of Commerce that would allow us to ship additional products, but there have been no decisions on licenses to date. We see ongoing uncertainty surrounding U.S.-China trade negotiations. If the Entity List restrictions against Huawei continue and we are unable to get licenses, we could see a worsening decline in our sales to Huawei over the coming quarters.
Now turning to our market outlook, which assumes that the macroeconomic environment doesn't materially deteriorate from current levels. I'll begin with our industry outlook and then turn to Micron's outlook for DRAM and NAND. The DRAM and NAND industry demand growth in the second half of calendar 2019 compared to the first half is primarily being driven by a normalization of inventories at most customers and secular growth trends in various end markets. In recent months, we have seen increased demand from customers headquartered in Mainland China, some of whom could be making strategic decisions to build higher levels of inventory in the face of increased trade tensions between the U.S. and China as well as Japan and Korea.
Our view of calendar 2019 DRAM industry bit demand growth remains unchanged at mid-teens, with supply exceeding demand due to previously discussed factors that impacted first half calendar 2019 demand. Based on our early view of calendar 2020, we expect the industry to see bit demand growth of high teens to 20%, above supply growth of only mid-teens, which should help normalize supplier inventories and enable a healthy industry environment. We expect the long-term DRAM bit demand growth CAGR to be mid to high teens.
Turning to NAND industry outlook, demand elasticity and industry supply reductions are resulting in improving market conditions and declining industry inventory. On the supply side, CapEx and wafer start cuts across the industry are leading to supply reductions. A power outage at a competitor's fab also reduced industry supply and inventory. We now expect calendar 2019 industry bit demand growth in the low to mid-40% range, which will exceed industry bit supply growth of approximately 30%. Based on our view of calendar 2020, we estimate industry bit demand growth of high 20s to low 30% range, with supply growing somewhat below demand. We believe that NAND industry margins, which are at the lowest levels in the last 10 years, should start increasing for the rest of the year. We expect the long-term NAND bit demand growth CAGR to be in the low 30% range.
Specific to Micron's DRAM outlook, we are seeing solid demand from customers across multiple segments. This is improving our inventory, and we have started to see pockets of tight supply, particularly in leading-edge nodes. However, we still have elevated inventory levels on older nodes. As a result, we are continuing with the previously disclosed DRAM wafer start reductions of 5%. We expect Micron's calendar 2019 bit supply growth to be slightly below industry demand growth of mid-teens and expect our calendar 2020 DRAM bit supply growth to be close to the market demand growth. We also expect our DRAM cost reductions to moderate in fiscal 2020 to high single digits. As we have said before, the increasing complexity of more advanced DRAM nodes is resulting in slower pace of cost declines for the industry.
As our DRAM inventory improves, we are committed to maintaining price discipline. While we are having to respond to some aggressive market pricing, we have started walking away from some transactions as we look to optimize our profitability.
Turning to Micron's NAND outlook, we expect our calendar 2019 bit growth to be slightly above industry supply growth, and in calendar 2020, we expect Micron's bit supply growth to be significantly below the industry demand growth as we transition a limited portion of our wafer starts to our first-generation replacement gate node and use inventory to support customer demand. Supply growth will also be impacted by our previously announced wafer start reductions of approximately 10%. We are seeing some capacity tightness in our back-end manufacturing operations due to significant increases in demand for high-capacity NAND products. This is another data point of elasticity kicking in on high-value NAND solutions.
While NAND and DRAM market conditions are showing some promising signs, in order to bring our supply in line with the market demand, we are targeting our fiscal 2020 front-end equipment CapEx to be reduced by more than 30% from fiscal 2019. Our CapEx decision is also influenced by macroeconomic uncertainty and low industry profitability. Our front-end CapEx outlook reflects our strategy for limited ramp of our first RG node. While we are reducing front-end equipment CapEx, we are spending significantly more on shell space to enable future node transitions and also investing in a new SSD packaging facility in Penang, Malaysia. As always, we will maintain flexibility and discipline while investing appropriately for Micron's long-term success.
I want to emphasize that our goal is to manage our DRAM and NAND bit supply growth CAGR in line with industry demand. As we catch up on the technology and cost gaps to best-in-class competitors in DRAM and transition to RG technology in NAND, our supply growth may fluctuate, but we expect the medium to long-term growth rate of our supply to approximately equal the rate of demand growth across both NAND and DRAM markets. We are also focused on maximizing the ROI of our CapEx investments, and for this reason, we are not emphasizing wafer capacity growth, but instead focusing on bit growth driven by technology transitions. In addition, some of our CapEx is dedicated to increasing our internal capacity for assembly, packaging and test, which helps us drive cost reductions without adding any bit growth and has good ROI.
I'll now turn it over to Dave to provide our financial results and guidance.

Thank you, Dave. Fiscal 2019 has been a solid year of accomplishments for the New Micron, as we continue to focus on structural improvements across a range of functions in the company, to take our performance to new heights. While we have made dramatic progress over the last couple of years, there is significant opportunity ahead of us to further improve our operations, drive product cost reductions, further improve engineering execution, build on our go-to-market strategy and initiatives, deepen customer engagements and enhance the core competitiveness of the company to best-in-class levels. As we look ahead, the long-term opportunities are exciting, and we are extremely enthusiastic about the momentum we have established at the New Micron.
On October 24, we'll be hosting our second annual Micron Insight event, which will bring together leaders from across the industry to discuss how a world activated by data can transform the way we use information to enrich life and how memory and storage are vital to these efforts. We will be webcasting Micron Insight live from San Francisco, and I encourage you all to tune in.
We will now open for questions.

I think certainly the pickup in business is being driven by the industry fundamentals. I would just like to remind you that in the first half of calendar 2019 because of the inventory that the customers have built or had built up the demand to the producers was low yet the end-market demand for all applications continue to be robust. And now as the customers have worked down their inventory to normal levels, the demand is coming back to the producers. And as a result, you saw in our calendar Q, I mean, fiscal Q4 results our strong growth in DRAM bit as well as NAND. And second half is the demand is back, the customer demand is back, and yes, there may be some level of inventory build in China due to the reasons that I've mentioned by certain customers, but I'll tell you that we do not think that, that inventory build is anywhere close to the kind of inventory build that had gone on in the second half of last year. So nowhere materially close to that level.
So overall, the industry environment in terms of demand return is certainly solid. Certainly, in DRAM, there is still some supply, excess supply with the producers, but the inventory is improving fast. We talked about our inventory actually improving faster than what we perhaps anticipated some time ago and overall we even see some shortages in some leading-edge products, particularly on the DRAM side.
So overall, we think that industry inventory at the producers is being consumed at a rapid clip. The demand trends are back to normal levels. And especially when you look at the trends of through next year, 5G, you look at smartphone average capacities continuing to increase, both for NAND and DRAM, and cloud demand drivers continuing to be solid, new platforms, new CPU architectures being used that allow greater use and higher use of DRAM capacities as well as there are applications driving more DRAM and NAND. So the demand trends, when I look at 2020, I believe that the industry demand/supply environment will be in a lot healthier place. Yes, maybe calendar Q1 may have some cyclicality, but the industry fundamentals overall from demand/supply point of view I think in 2020 will be in a much healthier place.

And I'll just add that we are certainly narrowing the cost gap in terms of DRAM production cost overall. 1Z node is a good example of Micron's leadership, being the first one to introduce the 1Z node with the smallest feature size in the industry and the result of cost improvement that we are making on DRAM as well as, of course, the high-value solutions that are driving higher mix on the NAND side is a major improvement, 2,500-plus basis point improvement in our EBITDA margins versus the competition compared to the past 2016 time frame.

So Dave will comment on your inventory part of the question, but let me just address your question on the 96 layers. As we have said before, 96-layer execution has gone very well with the company. In terms of yield ramp, 96-layer technology has given us the fastest yield ramp of any other NAND technologies in the past. So we are very proud of that accomplishment and 96-layer is continuing to ramp during the course of our fiscal year 2020. In fact, 96-layer will be the major driver of our NAND bit growth in fiscal year 2020.
As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with respect to replacement gate, we have seen now functionality and yielding dies. We are certainly quite encouraged by that and continue to work on technology and product development. In fiscal year 2020, 64-layer and 96-layer will continue to be the workhorse technologies and our replacement gate technology, of course, will have a small mix in fiscal year '20 and for us as well.
Keep in mind, our first replacement gate node, which will have small production in fiscal year '20, will be a rather limited node because we'll be deploying it across select set of products. It's our second-generation node which will, of course, come in the subsequent fiscal year that will position us well and resume the year-over-year strong cost reductions for us. But basically, the 96-layer will continue to ramp during fiscal year '20 for us.

So in terms of overall bits, with respect to DRAM growth in terms of revenue, I mean, it has primarily been impacted by the customer inventories that were built up last year for the first half. And our overall DRAM shipments are in line with overall the industry in this regard. And I think what we said is that the industry demand mid-teens and our overall supply growth during the calendar '19 to be slightly below the industry, of course, as a result some of the underutilization actions that we have taken. And of course, there is an impact of Huawei in terms of our overall business. We have said before that compared to the levels that we anticipated before Huawei's placement on the entity listing, our revenue is lower. And of course, we are very much focused on continuing to diversify our revenue base. But yes, I mean, the Huawei entity listing does have an effect on some of our shipments to the customer. I mean, some of our overall shipments in the market.

This is really related to some of our overall production and mix. And some of the older nodes have lower demand compared to our total supply available and therefore, that's where we are primarily running underutilization on the DRAM side. So it really is about the overall demand and this is good inventory that will overall will get consumed over time.

So with respect to the NAND demand trend in calendar year 2020, I mean, just keep in mind that in calendar 2018 the industry grew by approximately 45%, in calendar year '19 again by about 45% or so, low 40s to 45%. And that then definitely, I mean, when you look at a multiyear CAGR, I think it does lead to calendar year '20 to be approximately in low 30s or in that range, high 20s to low 30s kind of range in terms of calendar year '20. And I think what you have to realize is that with such aggressive pricing decline that had occurred in NAND over 2018 and 2019 time frame, elasticity definitely has kicked in substantially. And as we said, pricing environment actually has started improving in NAND. And some of the average capacity growth that you perhaps would have seen next year actually has been pulled in faster into this year as a result of some of these aggressive price declines that have occurred and have driven the usage of higher capacities in terms of increasing average capacities of SSDs, increasing the attach rate of SSDs as well as continuing to drive higher average capacities in the smartphone market as well. So these are some of the factors that are absolutely playing an important role in terms of our assessment that for calendar year '20, the year-over-year bit growth will be high 20s to low 30s range. Again, keep in mind that we still are a few months away from next calendar year and we, of course, will continue to assess the overall industry demand trend, but this is our latest projection on that.
Your first question was around cloud and let me just point out that cloud definitely demand grew nicely for us on the DRAM side in FQ4, strong demand increase there. And yes, the cloud demand from time to time can be somewhat lumpy. However, overall, demand growth trends on the cloud side continue to be solid. In fact, we see cloud demand consumption, both for DRAM as well as for SSDs continue to be higher than the average of the respective DRAM and the NAND industries. So overall, cloud, again, new architectures, new CPU platforms that are really enabling more channels as well as usage of higher density of DRAMs as well as again, as I spoke earlier, the trend of AI applications, all of this is driving greater usage of memory and storage in cloud. So cloud, we see as absolutely strong. Cloud customers' inventories have normalized and it's back to normal levels. Other than any aspects perhaps in China, as I talked about, of maybe some element of strategic inventory build by certain customers. But overall, the cloud demand trends are solid.

So I think in fiscal '20, the main focus for us on NAND will be to continue to increase the mix of high-value solutions. I think in mobile, you have seen us increase managed NAND solutions in terms of share gains substantially. And I reported in my prepared remarks on the tremendous progress that we have made with our mobile business. And most of it driven by the progress on the managed NAND side. And we plan to continue to increase that part of the business in fiscal year 2020.
I also spoke about SSDs. SSD was certainly a headwind in terms of share opportunities for us in fiscal year '19. And as we now have expanded our portfolio of NVMe solutions actually have introduced our first NVMe solutions during fiscal year '19 now. We can leverage those solutions to expand our opportunities in fiscal year 2020. And we certainly look forward to resuming gaining share in SSD on fiscal year '20. So I think that those are the important pieces of our strategy of continuing to drive healthier revenue mix of NAND in fiscal year 2020. And of course, we are extremely focused on cost reductions on assembly, test and nonmemory BOM as well which are important factors particularly when it comes to products like SSDs or multichip packages, et cetera. And we are making good progress on cost reductions on nonmemory part of the BOM as well. So these are all opportunities for us in fiscal year '20, but no question that at the die level our cost reduction capabilities will be overall limited in terms of the cost reductions due to the RG transition that we talked about earlier.

I think on the smartphone side, the average DRAM content if you look at it this year, it increased by nearly 25%, slightly above 3 gigabyte was the average capacity. Last year, expected to be in calendar year '19 around 4 and a pretty similar double-digit gains continuing. 5G, if you look at Mobile World Congress, phones that were introduced there were 8-gigabyte and 12-gigabyte DRAM density in those phones. So as 5G phones start selling in the marketplace, some of those phones are already introduced in the market today in some parts of the world and this will continue to build momentum during calendar year '20 and years beyond. Those phones will also require more DRAM. And again, the phones are becoming more and more feature-rich. More AI applications are being built into the smartphones today and rich video and imaging capability and a lot more intelligence behind all those applications. They require more DRAM as well. So looking at next year, we will certainly be seeing continuing average capacity increases next year as well. In fact, in calendar year 2020, if you look at industry projections, average capacity is expected to increase another 20% next year going to something closer to 5-gigabyte per smartphone.
But as I said before, the DRAM is not only about smartphone. It's other applications related to server as well where the average content continues to increase as well as the average content continues to increase in PCs as well with applications such as gaming driving higher need for more DRAM.