Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon, and Happy New Year, everyone. Micron delivered strong revenue and earnings in the fiscal first quarter. I'm proud of the Micron team for continuing our business momentum and putting Micron in a better technology and product position than ever before despite the ongoing challenges posed by the pandemic.  
We began shipping the industry's most advanced NAND with 176 layers. And in DRAM, we made good progress on our 1-alpha node and are on track to begin volume production in the first half of calendar 2021. We believe DRAM is past the bottom of the industry cycle and expect improving trends through calendar 2021 as the digitization of the global economy continues, fueled by artificial intelligence, cloud, 5G and the intelligent edge, including smart vehicles. Against this backdrop, Micron is poised to emerge stronger, and we are excited about our future.  
I will start with a quick update on our manufacturing operations. In early December, 2 separate events affected our Taiwan DRAM operations. The first event was a power outage at our Taoyuan facility, which occurred on December 3, the last day of our fiscal first quarter. The second event, a 6.7-magnitude earthquake off the northeast coast of Taiwan occurred on December 10. The earthquake was felt at both our Taoyuan and Taichung locations.
The investments we have made over the last few years in facilities' redundancy and cleanroom control substantially mitigated the impact of these 2 events. However, these disruptions have reduced our available fiscal second quarter DRAM supply and negatively influenced our costs in the short term. The expected impact of these events is factored into our outlook.
Micron continues to make solid progress on our key goals: first, to deliver industry-leading technology and improve our cost structure; second, to bring differentiated products to market and improve our product mix; and third, to grow our share of industry profits while maintaining stable bit share. From fiscal year '16 to fiscal year '20, we substantially improved our EBITDA margin for our combined DRAM and NAND business, while the rest of the industry in aggregate was roughly flat. And over the last few years, we have accelerated our technology road map in both DRAM and NAND. As a result, for the first time in our history, Micron has technology leadership in both DRAM and NAND simultaneously.  
Now that we are leading the industry in technology capability, going forward, we expect to maintain this competitive position through a more typical cadence for node transitions consistent with the rest of the industry. In DRAM, we are making good progress on our 1-alpha node. This will be an outstanding technology node for Micron, delivering a 40% improvement in bits per wafer over our 1Z. A substantial portion of this improvement comes from our chip design concepts that provide greater memory array efficiency.
Following the extraordinary improvements of our 1-alpha node, we anticipate lower gains in bits-per-wafer growth as more complex interfaces such as DDR5 are introduced and as DRAM technology scaling challenges continue. We are also making progress with differentiated DRAM products such as GDDR6 and 6X for graphics. In the fiscal first quarter, we saw strong growth in bit shipments for these products. We also began revenue shipments of HBM2E products.  
In NAND, in early November, we began volume production of our second-generation replacement gate node, which is the most advanced in the industry, combining our replacement gate architecture, CMOS under the Array and advanced charge-trap process technology. It also features double the power efficiency and write performance of Micron's 96-layer 3D NAND. These improvements are essential for addressing future high-end mobile applications.
We began shipping 176-layer consumer SSDs in the fiscal first quarter and will be introducing products built with this technology across the rest of our product portfolio over the course of next several months. We are also driving product innovations and cost reductions through an increased mix of QLC NAND, and we are leading the industry with the broadest portfolio of QLC SSDs across client, consumer and data center markets. QLC helps to make SSDs more cost-effective and accelerates the replacement of HDDs with SSDs. QLC SSD adoption continues to grow, and our bit mix of QLC SSDs increased further in F Q1.  
Turning to end markets. In data center, cloud and AI will drive long-term growth, with memory and storage becoming an increasing portion of server BOM cost. New compute architectures are enabling more memory channels and higher density modules, contributing to increases in server memory content. Micron is positioned for success in this market with a broad portfolio of high-bandwidth, high-quality and power-efficient products.
Cloud and enterprise DRAM revenue declined sequentially from a very strong 14-week F Q4, with ongoing enterprise market weakness. In F Q1, we began revenue shipments for our ultra-bandwidth HBM2E memory, which is used for data center AI training and inference.  
We are making progress on the DDR5 transition, which will double bandwidth and reduce power consumption, and we plan to start that transition in the second half of fiscal 2021.  
In data center SSDs, we continue to make progress on our NVMe portfolio and completed several customer qualifications in F Q1. We also continue to maintain our leadership position in SATA. Data center SSD revenue declined sequentially but was up year-over-year as cloud growth offset a decline in enterprise. We remain focused on strengthening our data center NVMe SSD road map with internally-developed controllers and have new product introductions planned in the coming quarters.  
Our F Q1 mobile revenue was up sequentially driven by solid execution and improved handset demand. A better-than-expected transition of Micron's mobile business from Huawei to other mobile customers also contributed to our revenue upside in F Q1.  
Micron is well positioned to win in the 5G era with our industry-leading product portfolio. We had several key achievements in our mobile business in F Q1. We maintained LP5 solutions leadership and grew our LP5 shipments, were the first to market with uMCP5 and achieved record MCP revenue.  
In PC, the continued remote work and learning trend drove strong notebook and Chromebook demand in the quarter despite pockets of nonmemory component shortages in the supply chain. We delivered strong sequential growth in PC DRAM shipments driven by this demand.  
In client SSD, NVMe represented over 90% of the client SSD bits, with nearly half of those NVMe SSD bits being QLC. Consumer SSDs had a second consecutive record quarter for bit shipments, and we shipped the world's first 176-layer-based consumer SSDs.  
In graphics, we achieved strong GDDR6 and 6X bit shipment growth driven by new game console and PC graphics product launches. Micron has a strong position in this high-growth market with a broad product portfolio and deep customer partnerships.
We had a record auto revenue quarter, resulting from the resumption of auto manufacturing around the globe and the continued growth of memory and storage content per vehicle. We also achieved qualification of our 1Z LP4 DRAM and began sampling our 96-layer-based UFS NAND.  
Electric vehicles have higher semiconductor content. And as EVs continue to proliferate, we expect our auto business to continue to excel. In addition, as autonomous driving features advance, this content growth trend will accelerate further.  
Micron's quality and market share leadership uniquely positions us to not just benefit from this growth but also to drive innovative solutions for next-generation vehicles in collaboration with our ecosystem of customers and industry partners.  
Now turning to our view of calendar 2020 industry demand. During F Q1, overall demand was strong across most end markets despite shortages of nonmemory components in PC, mobile, auto and graphics. Cloud demand was healthy, while enterprise demand was weak due to the economic environment. As a result of the stronger-than-expected demand at the end of the year, we now estimate that calendar 2020 industry DRAM bit demand growth was slightly above 20%, while NAND bit demand growth was in the mid-20s.
Now for our calendar 2021 outlook. In DRAM, we are past the bottom, and the industry is in tight supply across major market segments. As a result, we are already seeing our calendar Q1 pricing starting to increase in several parts of the market.  
16-gigabit adoption in client and data center modules has increased, causing the same supply tightness that was previously seen in 8-gigabit to also now be visible in 16-gigabit. We expect calendar 2021 DRAM industry bit demand growth of high teens, with DRAM industry supply to be below demand. Stronger-than-expected industry demand has reduced supplier DRAM inventories. Low inventories, combined with disciplined industry CapEx in 2020 and a vaccine-driven recovery from the pandemic should result in a further tightening of the DRAM market through calendar 2021. In addition, we will also benefit from higher content in 5G phones, which are forecast to double in unit sales in 2021 to around 500 million units. 
We anticipate healthy unit growth in the PC market, and graphics should continue to benefit from new gaming consoles and from new gaming cards launched in the second half of last year. We expect the cloud market to grow at a healthy pace, and enterprise market recovery will be driven by the timing of the broader economic recovery.  
Calendar 2021 industry NAND bit demand growth is expected to be approximately 30%, with supply potentially higher. The NAND market is challenging in the near term. However, we believe that as the year progresses, elasticity, coupled with pandemic recovery, should lead to improving demand. We believe the market can stabilize over the course of 2021 if suppliers moderate their production growth. Long term, we expect DRAM bit demand growth CAGR of mid- to high teens and the NAND bit demand growth CAGR of approximately 30%.
Turning to Micron supply. We target our long-term bit supply growth CAGR to be in line with industry bit demand growth CAGR for both DRAM and NAND. However, there can be year-to-year variability caused by node transition timing. In both DRAM and NAND, we expect our calendar 2021 bit supply growth to be below the industry demand growth, and we plan to use inventory to support bit shipment growth that is in line with industry demand growth.  
For fiscal 2021, we expect DRAM cost reductions in the mid-single-digit percent range with somewhat higher levels of cost reduction on a like-for-like basis. We anticipate NAND cost reductions in the low to mid-teens percent range. We are targeting fiscal 2021 CapEx to be approximately $9 billion to support our long-term goal of maintaining a stable share of industry bit supply. If demand expectations change, we remain flexible to adjust our CapEx.  
As we look ahead, we are excited about the growth and health of our diverse end markets, which continue to benefit from powerful secular technology trends, including AI, cloud, 5G and the intelligent edge. These trends are already enabling the data economy and increasing the importance of DRAM and NAND. Memory and storage industry revenues have grown faster than the broader semiconductor industry from approximately 10% of semiconductor industry revenues in the early 2000s, to now approaching 30%. We expect that our TAM growth will continue to outpace the rest of the semiconductor industry over the next decade.  
Micron's focus on technology and product leadership, operational excellence and deep customer partnerships positions us well to grow our relevance and profit share in the industry.
I will now turn it over to Dave to provide our financial results and guidance.

Thank you, Dave. Over the last year, Micron delivered strong performance in the face of significant challenges from COVID. I'm thankful to the Micron team, whose tenacity and resilience enabled us to navigate this challenging period and maintain production at normal levels while continuing to advance our technology and product portfolio.  
Micron is poised to emerge stronger in calendar 2021 as the world recovers from the pandemic. We are confident in our road map to further enhance our competitive position while exercising supply discipline. We are in a better position than ever before, and this has been recognized by our customers. Recently, Micron received supplier awards from multiple customers, including from Tier 1 China smartphone OEMs. We also continue to make great strides in advancing our corporate responsibility agenda.
In November, Micron published our fiscal year '20 annual diversity, equality and inclusion report, detailing our progress over the year and our commitments for fiscal year '21. In 2020, we increased our female Board representation and also made investments to improve the presentation of all underrepresented groups, including Blacks and Latinx in technical and leadership roles. We expanded our pay equity initiative beyond gender to also include other underrepresented groups and to consider total compensation across pay and equity awards. We are working with industry organizations to establish best practices in supplier diversity and to support the inclusion and competitiveness of diverse suppliers in the semiconductor industry.
And finally, we leveraged the power of Micron's influence in the communities where we live and work to advocate for greater social justice and safety globally. We are also proud to report that in November, we were added to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, joining the ranks of the most sustainable American companies. We aim to build on this recognition as we advance on our sustainability goals this year.
Thank you, and now we will open the call for questions.

So let me be clear that when we were referring to nonmemory component shortages, we were referring to those in our end markets, our customers experiencing certain end market shortages. And yes, without those end -- without those nonmemory component shortages, yes, the overall demand could have been even somewhat higher. And these nonmemory component shortages that some of our customers are experiencing, they relate to general tightness in the foundry space, logic, 8-inch, 12-inch nodes, where some of our customers in their end market hardware are experiencing certain shortages. So that's what we are referring to.
Of course, with respect to our own supply chain, this is an area given some of the foundry shortages that are existing today. We are continuing to manage our supply chain today. We do not see for this quarter any specific shortages in terms of our ability to supply any nonmemory shortages with respect to our ability to supply product to our customers. Of course, as we highlighted in our script, we do see certain shortages in memory, particularly in DRAM, across several parts of the market.
And with respect to our own supply chain aspects, we have factored those in the outlook that we have provided. And we -- our supply chain has really excellent operations team, and we continue to work with our suppliers, with our partners, to make the best assessment in terms of managing our own supply chain. So again, to be clear, we were not pointing to any nonmemory component shortages in this quarter for our own manufacturing supply chain. We were referring more to our customers' end markets where they're experiencing certain nonmemory component shortages. Of course, from the point of view of our own supply chain, we continue to monitor some of the trends that are there in the tech supply chain, with certain parts of the supply chain running tight. We continue to monitor those in terms of any impact on our business as well as work closely with our customers to understand those demand trends.

So John, I mean, we are giving you our best estimates with respect to demand assessment, and you're absolutely right to point out that the end market demands are, certainly, the demand trends are strong. The trends, the secular trends of AI, 5G, cloud and intelligent edge, including smart vehicles, is absolutely strong growth driver for memory and storage in the years to come.
Keep in mind, for calendar year 2020, particularly in the late part of calendar year 2020, the demand went up strongly. So when we look at DRAM demand growth for calendar year 2020, we said that it is somewhat above 20% in calendar year '20 on a year-over-year basis. So that's what is really adjusting some of our assessment for calendar year '21 in terms of high teens for the DRAM demand growth.  
In terms of how we come about these numbers, we are always working closely with our customers. We -- our market intelligence team is assessing the end market demand trends. What we see is, over the course of next few years for DRAM, that stronger than the average of the market would be mobile. 5G will be a long-term growth driver in 2021. We do expect that 5G phones will be twice of what they were in calendar year 2020, going from 250 million units to 500 million units. And no question that average DRAM content in the 5G phones increases substantially as well, with minimum DRAM and 5G smartphones being 6-gigabyte.  
Yes, graphics, gaming consoles, new gaming consoles, new gaming graphics cards, also a strong driver and stronger than the average in 2021 of the DRAM growth. Cloud, we expect to be healthy and strong in 2021 as well based on all the reports that you have seen from various cloud suppliers about their CapEx investments and their workloads moving more toward AI and machine learning, driving greater demand. And auto, certainly, in 2021, auto unit sales will be rebounding. And all of these -- and auto, of course, as vehicles are becoming more intelligent, also driving greater content. All of these markets that I just mentioned, mobile, graphics, cloud, auto, we believe they will grow stronger than the average of the market in 2021.
Weaker than the average of the market would be the PC, although PC overall will have unit growth in 2021, and Micron is well positioned with PC market as well. All I'm saying is that compared to the average of the industry, the DRAM bit growth in PC, I believe, will be somewhat less than the average. And enterprise continues to be somewhat weak as well. And with the recovery rebound from the pandemic, we would expect, during the course of the year, enterprise will recover as well.  
So these are all -- this is how we look at the end markets in 2021, and this is what leads us --  particularly on the heels of a very strong above 20% bit growth in calendar year 2020, this is what leads us to project a high teens kind of number for 2021. And when we look beyond that, as you noted, we see that, overall, DRAM CAGR, multiyear CAGR, will be high teen -- mid-teens to high teens. Some years, maybe a little bit less, some years, a little bit more, but we are talking about the general CAGR there. And of course, we work closely with our customers. We work closely with understanding their demand. And we also have annual supply agreements with several of our customers in vast parts of the market. This is all what helps us build the intelligence that led us to the numbers.  
And John, we look at these numbers from -- on a very regular basis. We assess them. And of course, we may make adjustments as is necessary. And when we make adjustments in those projections, we, of course, make adjustments in our own expectations of how to manage our supply because our goal is to manage our supply growth to be in line with the industry demand growth on a CAGR basis.

And so with respect to graphics, that is in single digits. Overall, as part of the industry as well as part of our business, if anything, Micron actually leads in the graphics segment. With respect to our leading-edge, high-performance, power-efficient DRAMs, our GDDR6, our GDDR6X products are very well-positioned with industry-leading specifications in the graphics market. You know about GDDR6X that we introduced with the PAM4 interface with twice the data transfer rate of the traditional DRAM memory beforehand.
So we are very proud of our leadership in the graphics market. And certainly, some part of the graphics market addresses the cryptomining applications as well. So that's embedded within our graphics revenue that we talk about. Basically, some of the graphics cards that are built using GDDR6 and GDDR6X memory and other graphics memory that we supply are used in cryptomining applications. And cryptomining is just pointing to yet another continuing digitization of the economy, yet another application. It will be an important -- cryptocurrency will certainly be very important in the future. And the data mining needs there, cryptomining needs, definitely needs high-performance memory, and Micron DRAM memory, Micron graphics products are well positioned in that part of the market there.

Yes. It simply is, Tim, the latter of what you just said, that it is. The overall demand in 2021, we absolutely, based on all the demand drivers that we see, that we described in our script, we see really continuing strong trend of demand in 2021. So it is what you said that 2020 has a higher base because 2020 demand for DRAM went above 20% with that higher base. Compared to our prior expectations, we just said that high teens. Nonetheless, let there be no confusion. 
I mean 2021, overall DRAM demand trend across the board, across our markets, except for the enterprise, where we have said enterprise weakness will go away once the pandemic recovery takes hold fully on the economies. But whether it is auto or it is smartphones or it is cloud or graphics, all of these end markets are pointing to strong demand of units as well as strong demand for average content increases in 2021.
So we are very excited about the demand opportunities. And keep in mind, this is in the backdrop of CapEx management, disciplined CapEx management in the DRAM industry, leading really to a supply environment where we think that the supply growth will be less than the industry demand growth in 2021, which sets up 2021 very nicely for the DRAM fundamentals. And that too, with Micron's execution on technology and products continuing to strengthen our position there, really very proud and excited about Micron's position with industry-leading 1-alpha node now, which, of course, over the course of next several quarters, we'll be ramping into production.

So with respect to cloud, yes, I mean, compared to our pre-COVID expectations, 2020 was a strong year for cloud, and we did well. It was good for the industry, and it was good for us as well. And yes, we definitely, in 2021 as well, continued to see strength in cloud, a healthy business environment, a healthy demand for cloud and continuing to work with our leading-edge technology nodes as we get that ready into production with 1-alpha or to get that qualified with our customers.
So yes, cloud is a long-term secular demand driver for our industry. And again, it is the trend of AI and ML and the workloads that are requiring more memory. And you are absolutely right to note that companies are, in 2021, introducing new CPUs and compute architectures, which will have more cores, which will have more channels, more DRAM attach rate. And with the end market appetite of a need for more memory and the compute architectures and processors enabling greater DRAM attach rate in the servers, yet this trend of more memory in the cloud environment will continue, and this trend is here to stay for a considerable period of time, even beyond 2021 time frame.
With respect to DDR5, that is really in the very early innings at this point. We are happy with our product position there. And the DDR5 will start picking up in terms of revenue opportunity later on in 2021. But still -- it's still in the qualification phases and will become a revenue opportunity, but we are well positioned.

So certainly, NAND, as traditionally had been the case, has elasticity that is an important part of the NAND market. And elasticity will continue to drive greater content in the various end market applications from the smartphones, to client notebook computers, to data center applications as well. And post the pandemic, we definitely expect that across the tech space, there will be pent-up -- release of pent-up demand. And that itself, for a couple of years, is going to drive increasing demand.
Overall, when we look at 2021, we expect the demand growth in NAND to be approximately 30%. And our estimation is that supply, perhaps, somewhat above demand. And as the elasticity kicks in, as the post-COVID, post-pandemic and world demand environment builds up as well as with greater focus from the industry in terms of management of the supply, then we do believe that NAND fundamentals can strengthen.
As far as Micron is concerned, I mean, we definitely are extremely focused on managing our supply growth with discipline. With our 176-layer NAND, we are very excited about our industry-first position with this technology, but we manage our supply growth and we expect that Micron supply -- overall supply growth will be below the industry demand growth. And of course, we'll supplement that with some of the inventory, so that in terms of our shipment growth in 2021, it will be in line with the industry demand growth expectation. But management of the supply, I think, is an important factor in the industry in terms of, over time, returning to the healthier levels of the NAND industry, along with elasticity and post-COVID NAND demand environment.

So again, I think, both for DRAM and for NAND, I think it is extremely important for us at Micron on an ongoing basis to stay disciplined with respect to supply growth, with respect to investments in CapEx, to manage our supply growth to be in line with the industry demand growth expectations on a CAGR basis. And this is where our focus is because that's the best way to generate ROI on our investments. 
We feel very good about our CapEx discipline and our focus on, really, driving profitability of the business through increasing our share, not just chasing bit share, but increasing the profit share of the industry. And this is where our focus on differentiated solutions, both in NAND as well as in DRAM, to strengthen our position, to strengthen the mix of the product portfolio, is an important part of our strategy. But with respect to the CapEx discussions, it always is about really discipline on supply growth, staying in line with the demand growth.

And with respect to smartphone content growth, certainly, with 5G, the average content will continue to increase in smartphones. We have talked about in the past that -- how DRAM content in smartphones is 8-gigabyte to 12- to 16-gigabyte even in certain phones and average content increase in the smartphone market will be in the double digits. And again, in the smartphone, I think it's important to understand that not only is it about the 5G number of units increasing, more than doubling calendar year '20 over calendar year '21, going from 250 million 5G smartphones in '20 to 500 million-plus in 2021, but the average content of DRAM is increasing in these 5G phones as well. So that's a multiplicative impact with respect to the DRAM demand growth in the smartphone market.  
And if you look at the CAGR of DRAM content over the course of the next 3 years or so, that CAGR of average content growth in the smartphone market is in the double digits range. So smartphone will continue to be a strong market, and we are very well-positioned with our NAND and DRAM combination to address the growing opportunities in the smartphone markets. We mentioned in this earnings call prepared remarks that our MCP revenues, MCPs with multichip packages that include DRAM as well as NAND, we are extremely well-positioned being the manufacturer of both DRAM and NAND. That revenue -- MCP revenue, hit a record in our fiscal Q1 time frame.
So smartphone continues to be strong and the largest market for DRAM and NAND, and we are really well-positioned there and quite excited about the opportunities here, including introduction of our LPDDR5 and uMCP5 industry-leading solutions.