Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon, everyone. Micron delivered solid fiscal third quarter results despite headwinds from industry oversupply and steeper-than-expected price declines. This financial performance reflects our continued strong execution on technology advancement, further cost reduction and pricing discipline. Our healthy balance sheet structurally improved profitability, and winning team set the foundation for us to emerge even stronger when the industry environment recovers. 
We are confident that the long-term demand outlook for memory and storage is compelling, driven by broad secular trends such as AI, autonomous vehicles, 5G and IoT. The new Micron is well-positioned to take advantage of these trends with innovative products, a responsive supply chain and well-established relationships with customers worldwide. 
Over the last few months, customer inventory improvements have progressed largely in line with our expectations in most end markets. This reinforces our confidence that bit demand for DRAM will return to healthy year-over-year growth in the second half of calendar 2019. 
NAND bit demand is also increasing in most markets as elasticity kicks in, in response to price declines over the last year. Even as customer inventory levels of DRAM and NAND improve across most end markets, producer inventory levels are elevated. Although previously announced CapEx cuts will start to impact industry supply in the second half of the calendar year, our assessment is that further cuts in CapEx and bit supply will be required to return the industry to a healthy supply-demand balance. I will discuss our actions on this front shortly, but first, let me provide an overview of our fiscal third quarter results. 
At our 2018 Analyst Day, we discussed our priorities related to technology, cost competitiveness and high-value solutions. Solid execution on these strategies has now yielded over 2,000 basis points of EBITDA margin improvement relative to our peers since 2016. Unlike the last downturn during which Micron's relative profitability declined, in this downturn, our relative profitability has continued to improve. 
In DRAM, we are on track to deliver good cost declines in fiscal 2019. We continue to increase the mix of 1Y nanometer and are meeting excellent progress towards ramping 1Z next fiscal year. 
In April, we broke ground on our new cleanroom in Taichung, Taiwan. And earlier this month, we announced the opening of a new cleanroom in Hiroshima, Japan. These cleanroom expansions will enable future DRAM node transitions of our existing wafer capacity. 
In NAND, we continue to ramp our 96-layer 3D NAND and are on track to achieve healthy cost declines in fiscal 2019. We continue to make progress on our 128-layer 3D NAND, which uses replacement gate technology. 
As we discussed on the last call, we expect a partial transition to this node with the full portfolio transition occurring on the second generation replacement gate node. 
In addition to these node transitions in DRAM and NAND, we are also improving our cost structure by increasing the percentage of products produced through captive back-end packaging facilities. These facilities now account for more than half of our total assembly requirements. Our captive back-end operations are tightly integrated with our front-end systems, enabling greater product customization, tighter quality control, improved responsiveness to shifts in demand and lower costs. High-value solutions now account for over 2/3 of NAND revenues. 
We made further progress in strengthening our SSD portfolio with the launch of our 9300 data center NVMe SSDs for cloud and enterprise markets. We more than doubled revenue shipments of our new NVMe client SSD to large PC OEMs, and more customer qualifications are in progress. As a reminder, this new NVMe drive is built with our own controller technology. 
QLC SSD shipments (sic) [ bit shipments ] increased approximately 75% sequentially, driven by growth of our consumer NVMe SSDs. Overall, the Micron team continues to execute well on cost reductions and on high-value solutions. 
While we are operating in a difficult industry environment today, our progress is visible in our reported profitability and increases our confidence in our ability to drive long-term shareholder value. 
Now turning to highlights by end markets. Our mobile business was impacted by U.S. trade restrictions, which Dave and I will discuss later in the call. Looking ahead, innovations such as 5G, foldable phones and advanced cameras will drive growth for our products. Our portfolio of mobile DRAM products features best-in-class power consumption. 
On low-power DDR5, we are leading the industry and recently started sampling the highest density die in the market. We continue to make good progress on our managed NAND products as well and recently launched our second-generation UFS product with best-in-class endurance. 
Within the data center market, cloud customers are turning the corner on inventories and most are approaching normal inventory levels. Our cloud DRAM bit shipments grew sequentially in the fiscal third quarter, exceeding our expectations, and early trends suggest strong sequential growth for the fiscal fourth quarter. Enterprise customer inventories are taking somewhat longer to normalize than we had previously expected. We continue to sample and secure qualifications on 64-gigabyte DDR4 server modules built with our 1Y nanometer DRAM. 
In graphics, we saw robust sequential growth as customer inventories normalized. We expanded our customer base for our high-performance GDDR6, which positions us well for strong growth in the second half of calendar 2019. 
In the PC market, DRAM bit shipments returned to growth as CPU shortages started to improve. Looking ahead, we expect strong sequential DRAM bit growth in our fiscal fourth quarter as laptop sales improve. 
In automotive, while global auto sales are slow, content growth remains strong, driven by innovations in ADAS and infotainment systems. Micron is well-positioned to benefit from the growth opportunity in this market given our leading market share, deep customer relationships and high-quality products. We recently began ramping shipments with an industry-leading OEM for their most advanced autonomous system, which uses 16 gigabytes of our low-power DRAM. 
Before talking about the market outlook, I want to provide some comments related to Huawei. As you know, effective May 16, the U.S. Commerce Department's Bureau of Industry and Security, or BIS, added Huawei and 68 of its non-U.S. affiliates to the BIS entity list. To ensure compliance, Micron immediately suspended shipments to Huawei and began a review of Micron products sold to Huawei to determine whether they are subject to the imposed restrictions. 
Through this review, we determined that we could lawfully resume shipping a subset of current products because they are not subject to export administration regulations and entity list restrictions. We have started shipping some orders of those products to Huawei in the last 2 weeks. However, there is considerable ongoing uncertainties surrounding the Huawei situation, and we are unable to predict the volumes or time periods over which we will be able to ship products to Huawei. Micron will continue to comply with all government and legal requirements, just as we do in all our operations globally. Of course, we cannot predict whether additional government actions may further impact our ability to ship to Huawei. 
Now turning to the market outlook for DRAM. As I mentioned earlier, we have seen early signs of bit demand recovery in most DRAM end markets. Based on our assessment of customer inventory improvement, we anticipate robust bit demand growth for the industry in the second half of the calendar year compared to the weak demand in the first half. Our view of calendar 2019 industry DRAM bit demand growth is in the mid-teens, with industry supply growing mid to high-teens. 
Despite early signs of recovery in DRAM bit demand, the excess supply and resulting higher producer inventory levels have created a challenging pricing environment. We expect that the strengthening demand growth will begin to contribute to an improving trend in producer inventory later in calendar 2019. 
Turning to our supply. At Micron, our focus continues to be on taking prudent steps to help bring the DRAM market back to stabilization. We are continuing the previously announced wafer start reductions of approximately 5%, which we expect will bring our DRAM bit supply growth for calendar 2019 close to market demand growth. 
The overall NAND market remains oversupplied from the accelerated supply growth driven by the industry transition from 2D NAND production to 3D NAND. Our NAND industry bit demand growth expectations for calendar 2019 are unchanged at the mid-30s percent range. We continue to target our bit shipments to be close to the industry demand growth rate. Since our last earnings call, we have taken actions to further adjust wafer starts from the previously announced 5% reduction to now approximately 10%, which will result in lower supply growth in the second half of the calendar year. These reductions are the result of both capital optimizations to reuse more existing equipment for our 96-layer conversion as well as lowering some of our legacy NAND capacity, which we announced previously. 
While we still believe the NAND industry supply is growing above demand this year, the market is showing signs of increased elasticity stemming from recent price declines. We are optimistic that the overall NAND market will start to stabilize in the second half of calendar 2019. 
With the higher levels of macro uncertainty and the relatively high levels of inventory on our balance sheet, we are taking decisive action to manage our DRAM and NAND bit production. In addition to the wafer start reductions that we discussed, we are also taking action on CapEx. 
Earlier this year, we announced a reduction in fiscal 2019 CapEx forecast from $10.5 billion, plus or minus 5% at the start of the year, to approximately $9 billion now. For fiscal 2020, we plan for CapEx to be meaningfully lower than fiscal 2019. While our CapEx plans are still being finalized, we seek to balance our manufacturing investments with our free cash flow objectives. 
I'll now turn it over to Dave to provide financial results of our fiscal third quarter and guidance for the fourth quarter.

Thank you, Dave. Clearly, fiscal 2019 has been challenging for both Micron and the industry. While we continue to believe that the industry is structurally stronger, the confluence of events that impacted this year was unprecedented. Still, we have fared better due to the tremendous progress we have made on improving our product costs, advancing our technology and increasing the mix of high-value solutions. 
Recent industry financial results show that Micron's profitability and balance sheet are best-in-class. Having said that, we are not resting on our recent accomplishments and are continuing to raise the bar for ourselves. Our CapEx and expense controls reflect our focus on profitability and free cash flow. 
With the economic and trade challenges facing the industry, the near term continues to be uncertain. But looking beyond these challenges, I'm excited about Micron's future. We are in the early innings of growth in cloud computing, and the value of data in the new economy is going to drive secular growth in numerous memory and storage-intensive applications. AI, autonomous vehicles, 5G and IoT will drive significant improvements in our lives, and we look forward to bringing the value of our innovative, market-leading solutions to our customers. 
In April, we issued our fourth annual sustainability report, which details Micron's commitments to enhancing the world we live in through our products and business practices. We achieved perfect scores on industry-standard environmental and social audits of our facilities in 2018 and 2019. Our ongoing focus and improvements in sustainable practices is a competitive differentiator for both our customers and our employees and an important part of the transformation we are driving at Micron. 
I'm energized by the potential ahead of us and proud of the culture of innovation and execution that we are building. 
We will now open for questions.

So as I said in my prepared remarks, after the Huawei was placed on entity list, we began a review of our products against the export administration regulations. And through that analysis, we determined that certain of our products, a subset of our products that we were previously shipping to Huawei, could continue to ship because it is lawful, it is compliant to those export regulations.
And of course, it had impact, as Dave noted; in our FQ3, it had an impact because we could not ship at that time any product to them, of nearly $200 million. And for FQ4, there would be impact to our revenue. What I would say is that our revenue with Huawei in FQ4 would be less than what had otherwise would have been if Huawei was not on the entity listing. 
And of course, as we look ahead beyond FQ4, if Huawei continues to be on the entity list, then in fiscal year '20 as well, we would have an impact compared to what our revenue with Huawei would have been if they were not on the entity listing. Of course, we are a supplier to all customers and all end markets across the globe, and we will -- and our presence with several of those other customers is growing in terms of our penetration there, in terms of our share there. And we will continue to work on addressing those, but we would not be able to make up in fiscal year '20 if this were to continue the full shortfall. And we -- although we plan to make up part of it through other parts of the business.

And it affects both our DRAM as well as the NAND side of the business.

So with respect to CapEx, we have said meaningful reduction in CapEx from the fiscal year 2019 levels, and we'll provide more details in the next call as we finalize our plans. Of course, our goal is to have our long-term considerations in mind with respect to technology and product cost capability, but most importantly to have our supply bit growth aligned with our expectations of demand bit growth. 
And when we look at supply bit growth, of course, we keep in mind the inventory that we are carrying from fiscal year '19 into fiscal year '20 for both DRAM as well as NAND, which will help us supply some of the demand requirement in fiscal year '20 and enable us to reduce our CapEx requirements in fiscal year '20. And our CapEx management, of course, applies to both NAND as well as DRAM.

So with respect to Huawei, as I said before, our revenue expectation in fiscal Q4 is less than what it would have been without Huawei being on the entity list. Beyond that, we don't really get into specifics in terms of revenue as such on a customer-by-customer basis. Of course, our revenue expectation that Huawei is baked into the guidance -- revenue guidance that Dave provided for FQ4 of $4.5 billion, plus or minus $200 million. 
And your second question with respect to...

So as you said, the industry is in oversupply right now, both in DRAM as well as in NAND. And while demand is increasing in the second half, both for NAND and DRAM, the oversupply situation does persist. And we have talked about it in DRAM, a challenging pricing environment. And therefore, it's important that CapEx cuts are made as well as supply bit growth is managed to bring the supply bit growth in line with the demand growth as well as over time to bring inventories in line with expectations as well. So we are not providing a fiscal year '20 guidance at this point, but all of the actions that we are taking here are really targeted to restore the industry demand and supply balance over the course of next few quarters.

So certainly, as you noted, we have made tremendous improvement in our cost position and with respect to our peers, and that reflects in our financial performance. As was noted in the prepared remarks, our margin improvement -- relative margin improvement from previous times, has really improved by 2,000 basis points, and that's because of our execution on the cost front as well as on the execution on the high-value solutions front. And of course, we have more room to go with respect to cost competitiveness as well as strengthening our high-value solutions portfolio. 
So we are extremely focused on this. And as we look at driving our future opportunities, we -- of course, when we make our CapEx decisions, we make them based on cost competitiveness of our supply in the future and, of course, keeping in mind our free cash flow considerations. And most important is that our total supply available to us coming from our inventory and coming from our supply bit growth, should be matching with our demand expectations going forward over the course of next few quarters and to continue to improve our inventory position. 
But on the cost side, we feel very good about the 1Y and 1Z progress on DRAM as well as we feel good about our 96-layer. And overall, even with the CapEx reductions that we are talking about, we'll be in a good position with respect to costs, both in DRAM and NAND next year. 
Of course, we have talked about in NAND, our first-generation replacement gate node will be a small node in the sense that it will be deployed across a small set of products. And we will not have any significant cost benefit from that first-generation replacement gate node, but the second generation replacement gate node will give us a meaningful cost benefit compared to the last generations of floating gate node. So we absolutely are on top of the game in terms of managing to our cost objectives.

And one thing I would just add is in terms of our overall CapEx that you mentioned, of course, as you know, that in fiscal year '19, we had a meaningful part of our CapEx, around $2 billion that was actually tied to facilities, cleanroom expansions to enable technology transitions. And this facility spend may not be the same from one manufacturer to the other manufacturer. But for us, that was a meaningful part to again, as noted in our remarks before, to prepare us for technology transitions and not targeting any of that cleanroom space for any meaningful capacity, but really for technology transition.

So before we get into the next question, I just want to make a small correction. In the prepared comments, I mentioned that QLC shipment were up approximately 75%. I meant to say that QLC bit shipments were up 75% quarter-over-quarter. So I just wanted to make that correction. And now, I think we can move on to the next question.

So I think we'll be able to provide you more details related to fiscal year '20 CapEx, et cetera, in our next earnings call. I will just point out that there is obviously considerable uncertainty here. As you can all see from the rather fluid situation with respect to Huawei as well as with respect to U.S., China trade matters. And of course, we are just staying focused on optimizing what we can control and really remaining nimble in our actions. You're seeing that how, over the course of last 1 year, we have, for fiscal year '19, managed our CapEx down from $10.5 billion, plus, minus 5%, to $9 billion now. So we continue to stay vigilant, and we are making decisive actions with respect to meaningful CapEx reductions in fiscal year '20. 
With respect to the further details, we will be in a better position to provide you information at the next earnings call.

So I think it is too soon to tell. And keep in mind that in certain countries, 5G has already started to be deployed such as Korea. And there are, of course, leading suppliers other than Huawei as well for 5G. So it remains to be seen how this deployment occurs over the course of next few quarters in particular here. 
But there is no doubt that 5G will bring about greater applications for memory and storage, not only in smartphones but also in machine-to-machine on the IoT front. And all of this will drive greater demand for memory and storage. And we remain absolutely well-prepared, of course, in a flexible fashion to meet the growing demand requirements for the business that 5G we think will provide over the course of next many years. But near term, in terms of exactly what happens with respect to Huawei aspects, I think, really, it is too soon to tell.

With respect to the cost declines, of course, we are continuing to execute well with respect to our node transitions as well as continuing to drive cost declines, the 1Y and 1Z nodes that you talked about. And we are on plan in terms of ramping up these nodes as well. 
And as I said before, we don't break out the cost reductions on first half versus second half. Of course, our expectations of cost reductions are baked into for FQ4, the gross margin guidance as well as, of course, that takes into account our price decline assumptions as well for FQ4. So all of that is really baked into it. We don't break it down. But keep in mind that as the new technology nodes advance, the cost reduction coming from new technology nodes is less and less compared to the prior nodes just because, as we have explained several times before, they naturally give you -- given the challenges of scaling, less [ pathway ] for bit growth capability and less cost reduction capability.

So as we have discussed in the past that we would be introducing, over the course of our fiscal year 2019, actually during calendar year 2019, our NVMe products. And we started that first with consumer NVMe and later with our OEM NVMe that we talked about today and now also for cloud and enterprise applications NVMe drive. And these will take some period of time over the course of next few months in terms of getting qualified by customers, in terms of gaining traction with customers. And that's why we had mentioned that 2019 will basically be a year of transition for us from SATA to NVMe. 
I just want to remind you that a couple of years ago, Micron did not actually have investments in NVMe product development. We did very well and are continuing to do very well in SATA, as you noted. And we began to significantly increase our investments in NVMe product development a couple of years ago, and it takes a while to have these products in the marketplace. So in 2020, as our NVMe solutions get adopted by our customers and as we ramp those into production, we do expect to be gaining share with NVMe all throughout the 2020 time frame.

No, I'm not saying that will not have effect on cost. What I'm saying is that we will be in good position with cost because our technologies -- underlying technologies give us good cost reduction capabilities from one node to the next node. 
Overall, from a cost point of view, we'll be in good position. And for NAND, I'll just remind you that our CMOS under the Array technology gives us the smallest die size in the industry, and that has meaningful implications with respect to the cost competitiveness that we have. 
So overall, we feel good about the technology and the production mix that we will be driving through the remainder of fiscal year '19 as well as through fiscal year 2020 in terms of meeting our demand expectations as well as remaining cost competitive.

So with respect to what we are able to ship to Huawei, as I said before that what we are able to ship is what is not under the export administration regulations, and that's what we are able to ship. And actually, export administration regulations have various complex aspects and considerations, several criteria that you have to go through. 
If you're interested in that, you can certainly go to the BIS site and look for those. And we assess our products versus those. And these considerations are not just limited to any 1 or 2 aspects such as what you mentioned. I mean they have several aspects. And we assess our products that we can ship to Huawei versus those and have made determination of shipments. And as we've said, we began those shipments in last 2 weeks. 
And with respect to your question around other components, et cetera, of course, this is a company-by-company decision, and each company has to evaluate its own situation. And obviously, Huawei has to look at its own supply chain. So with respect to the products that we can ship to them, we work closely with them to understand what is their latest demand on those products, and that is what is baked into our FQ4 guidance. 
What I would like to point out here is that at the end of the day, since you asked a question about mobile phones, the smartphone demand overall from consumers' point of view is really going to be the same. I mean consumers are going to be buying the phones that they're going to buy based on the features, the new models. All of that will be bought. There may be some share shift that may be occurring between the various suppliers of smartphones. And as you know, we are well-engaged with customers across the smartphone ecosystem as a supplier to them. Of course, we have -- Huawei was our #1 customer. We continue to engage with other customers as well. And we will -- we have had growing presence with those other customers and we'll continue to look for opportunities to best optimize our business while always, of course, continuing to comply with U.S. laws and regulations. And for that matter, we always comply with laws and regulations in all countries that we operate in.

Pace of recovery?

Oh, for cloud and data center. I mean, as we said, I think cloud customers as well as several other customers had operated with high levels of inventory in the -- starting late last year and through the course of first half of this year, those inventory levels have been largely worked to normal levels, except for in enterprise, as we noted in our prepared remarks. And we look forward to robust growth in fiscal fourth quarter in the area of cloud. And we are, of course, continuing to broaden our product portfolio as well with solutions such as NVMe solutions, and that will bring us bigger opportunities in the future as well.