Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon, everyone. Micron delivered solid fiscal fourth quarter revenue and profitability driven by strength in DRAM shipments to cloud, PC and game console customers. 
As I reflect on the fiscal year 2020 accomplishments, I'm extremely proud of our Micron team whose dedication and tenacity enabled the new Micron to deliver customer value and healthy financial results throughout fiscal 2020. 
In DRAM, we introduced the industry's first 1z nanometer node. We were first to market with mobile LP5 products and shattered industry performance records with our graphics GDDR6X innovation. 
In NAND, we began shipping our first replacement gate-based products and drove significant increases in our QLC mix. In addition, in fiscal Q4, we already achieved our high-value solutions mix target. We are entering fiscal 2021 with momentum in our product portfolio and confidence in our technology road map and manufacturing capabilities. 
This year, COVID-19 presented a real-life stress test of the New Micron's resilience. Thanks in large part to the commitment and innovation of our team members around the globe, we continued to operate our fabs at normal capacity and achieved record production from our assembly and test facilities in Xian, Taiwan and Singapore. Stringent industry-leading safety protocols have enabled us to gradually return to work on site. As of today, almost 3/4 of Micron team members are back on site, with our manufacturing operations running close to fully staffed levels. 
The New Micron is also making solid progress toward our goals to bring differentiated industry-leading products to our customers and to improve our product mix and cost structure so that we can grow our share of industry profits, all while maintaining stable bit share. 
In DRAM, we are leading the industry in 1z nanometer production mix, and this node was a significant contributor to our fiscal fourth quarter sales. We are making good progress on our next-generation 1-alpha node, which remains on track for the introduction in fiscal 2021. 
We are further strengthening our DRAM product portfolio. This quarter, we announced GDDR6X, the world's fastest discrete graphics memory solution and the first to power system bandwidth up to 1 terabyte per second. GDDR6X is a great example of close customer collaboration on differentiated technology that significantly improves the end user experience. Our innovative GDDR6X memory is featured in the NVIDIA GeForce RTX 3090 and 3080 graphics cards that deliver an immersive real-life gaming experience. 
Our strength in graphics DRAM also positions us well for the data center market, where growth in GPU computing is being driven by AI workloads. We're also excited about our progress with high-bandwidth memory to serve the fast-growing AI market and remain on track to commence volume shipments by the end of this year. 
In NAND, we are on track for a replacement gate to make up a meaningful portion of our NAND output by the end of calendar 2020. Our 128-layer first-generation RG NAND technology entered volume production in fiscal Q3 2020. And in fiscal Q4, we began shipping RG-based consumer SSDs. 
We are also making good progress on our second-generation RG node, which we expect to introduce into volume production during fiscal 2021. This industry-leading technology will be broadly deployed across our product portfolio and drive NAND cost reduction later in fiscal 2021 and into fiscal 2022. 
We're also driving product innovations and cost reductions through an increased mix of QLC NAND. Our QLC innovations offer PC customers a more cost-effective, high-capacity SSD solution and data center customers a highly effective HDD replacement option with a compelling value proposition. We are leading the industry with the broadest portfolio of QLC SSDs across client, consumer and data center and are seeing QLC adoption accelerate. Our mix of QLC SSD bits more than doubled quarter-over-quarter, surpassing our expectations. 
Fiscal 2020 has been an extraordinary year for our high-value solutions, which now make up around 80% of our quarterly NAND bits, achieving the goal we had set for ourselves ahead of schedule. We are now intensifying our focus on profitability enhancement through further improvements to our product mix within our high-value solutions portfolio. Over the next several quarters, we will be introducing a slate of new SSD and mobile NAND products that leverage increased vertical integration using our internally developed controllers and our industry-leading second-generation replacement gate TLC and QLC technology. 
Turning to end markets. Fiscal 2020 was a strong year for our SSD business. We expanded our NVMe portfolio and continued our SATA market leadership. Fiscal Q4 SSD revenue almost doubled year-over-year, led by data center SSD sales. Client SSD average capacities grew almost 30% quarter-over-quarter driven by QLC growth. Consumer SSD had another record quarter in volume shipped, with NVMe bits more than doubling quarter-over-quarter. 
Turning to data center memory and networking. The data center market continues to be a growth engine for Micron. And this year, COVID-19 accelerated this growth, specifically in cloud. Leveraging our industry-leading 1z DRAM, Micron executed well to drive robust sequential growth in cloud DRAM bit shipments, which more than doubled year-over-year in fiscal Q4. Meanwhile, traditional on-premise enterprise demand was weaker in fiscal Q4 with lower IT investment from businesses due to the impact of the pandemic. Looking ahead, the data center market is expected to start its transition to DDR5 in the second half of fiscal 2021, and we have begun sampling DDR5 server modules to customers. 
In networking, 5G deployments, particularly in Asia, drove healthy DRAM bit growth quarter-over-quarter. In mobile, Micron is well positioned to win in the 5G era as a supplier to all the major smartphone manufacturers with an outstanding portfolio of industry-leading low-power DRAM and managed NAND solutions. We have been diversifying and broadening our mobile business for some time and achieved a record number of design wins in fiscal Q4. We are also excited about our product momentum in mobile MCP solutions, which combine DRAM and NAND solutions into one efficient package. 
The smartphone market has been impacted by the pandemic in a meaningful way in calendar 2020. But as we look ahead to calendar 2021, we expect a rebound in smartphone unit volumes, coupled with robust average capacity growth across both DRAM and NAND solutions. 5G handset volumes could grow to approximately 500 million units in 2021 from around 200 million units in calendar 2020, and these 5G products feature higher memory and storage content to enable enhanced consumer experiences. 
In the PC market, the work-from-home trend drove strong demand for notebooks with pockets of nonmemory component shortages in the supply chain. Desktop PC sales are weak due to pandemic-driven changes to customer buying patterns. 
In graphics, GDDR6 shipments to support next-generation gaming consoles, in addition to the initial shipments of our breakthrough GDDR6X product, helped drive strong quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year bit growth. We expect this market to drive growth for us in fiscal 2021. 
DRAM and NAND content growth continues to be a secular trend in the automotive market supported by advanced infotainment systems and increased automation in cars. COVID-19 has significantly impacted both auto production and demand in fiscal 2020, but we saw a strong recovery towards the end of fiscal Q4 and expect sequential growth in sales of our products into the automotive market in F Q1. 
Economic recovery from the sharp recession in calendar Q2 is underway, but the pace has been limited by the continuation of the pandemic. Smartphone, auto and consumer end markets have started to recover, and we see further demand improvements ahead. Cloud and laptop demand continues to be healthy, supported by the work-from-home and shop-from-home trends. Gaming demand is robust. However, our short-term outlook has weakened due to a combination of factors. First, the ongoing pandemic is taking a toll on certain segments of the economy. Consequently, enterprise demand has weakened due to lower IT spending and somewhat higher inventories at certain customers. 
In addition, due to the previously announced U.S. administration restrictions on Huawei, we halted shipments to Huawei on September 14. Huawei has been a large customer at approximately 10% of fiscal Q4 sales. Given that we only had 1-month notice before halting shipments, we had limited ability to shift supply to other customers. As a result, we expect a negative impact to fiscal Q1 sales and to a lesser extent, fiscal Q2 sales. Our well-established relationships with mobile customers worldwide will allow us to offset the impact of these restrictions by the end of fiscal Q2. 
Now turning to our industry outlook. We now estimate that calendar 2020 industry DRAM bit demand growth is likely to be in the mid-teens percent range, while NAND bit demand growth is likely to be in the mid-20s. Due to the shift of industry production capacity to a more efficient 16-gigabit die, we are seeing industry supply constraints for 8-gigabit-based DRAM products. We are optimistic that overall market demand will improve throughout calendar 2021 following the seasonal patterns of the first calendar quarter. 
We are very excited by the combination of growth drivers coming into alignment for the industry for calendar 2021. These growth drivers include: economic recovery from the pandemic; new CPU architectures, which are enabling higher server content; cloud, AI and machine learning growth; robust mobile demand driven by 5G; and strength in gaming and automotive. 
We expect calendar 2021 industry DRAM bit demand growth of approximately 20%. We further expect that disciplined industry CapEx will result in improving DRAM market conditions and industry profitability throughout calendar 2021. 
Calendar 2021 industry NAND bit demand growth is expected to be approximately 30%. Unless industry CapEx moderates from current levels or demand exceeds our expectations, we see a risk of challenging NAND industry profitability levels. 
Turning to Micron supply. We target our bit supply growth CAGR to be in line with industry bit demand growth CAGR for both DRAM and NAND. However, there can be year-to-year variability caused by node transition timing. For example, we expect our DRAM bit supply growth to be above industry demand in calendar 2020, but to moderate to less than industry demand in calendar 2021. 
In NAND, we expect our bit supply growth in calendar 2020 to be well below the industry demand due to our ongoing RG transition. In calendar 2021, we expect our NAND bit supply growth to be somewhat below the industry demand, and we plan to use inventory to support a bit shipment growth that is in line with the industry demand. 
For fiscal 2021, we expect DRAM cost reduction in the mid-single-digit percent range with somewhat higher levels of cost reduction on a like-for-like basis. Our higher mix of LP5 graphics and our early ramp of high-bandwidth memory will impact overall DRAM costs. We anticipate NAND cost reduction in the low to mid-teens percent range even after accounting for the cost impact of our mix shift as we continue our focus on optimizing our high-value solutions portfolio. 
We are targeting fiscal 2021 CapEx to be approximately $9 billion to support our long-term goal of maintaining stable share of industry bit supply, which will be achieved through node transitions alone and without a net increase to wafer starts. This CapEx target is significantly lower than our pre-COVID expectations, and this reflects our continued commitment to exercise supply discipline while staying focused on deploying our leading-edge technology nodes, which deliver strong ROI. Within this CapEx envelope, fab building CapEx will remain elevated relative to historical levels. We are also continuing investments in back-end assembly and test capacity that do not impact bit growth but have strong ROI. Should demand expectations change, we remain flexible to adjust our bit supply growth to align with bit demand growth using CapEx and utilization as levers. 
Despite COVID-19's broad impact on our lives and the business environment, we believe it has accelerated demand growth in some parts of the markets we serve. This is certainly true in cloud deployments, where some trends that would have taken 2 to 4 years to develop have been accelerated into months and will likely persist into the future. As we look ahead, we remain extremely excited about the growth and health of our diverse end markets, which will benefit from powerful secular technology trends, including AI, 5G and IoT. These trends will enable the data economy and increase the importance of DRAM and NAND, supporting a long-term DRAM bit demand growth CAGR of mid- to high teens and a NAND bit demand growth CAGR of approximately 30%. 
I'll now turn it over to Dave to provide our financial results and guidance.

Thank you, Dave. The positive momentum in our financial performance in calendar year 2020 has been interrupted by the unprecedented combination of a global pandemic and U.S. restrictions on shipments to Huawei. As we look towards the second half of fiscal 2021, we expect that the underlying momentum in our product portfolio and secular industry drivers such as AI and 5G will drive materially better financial and business performance. 
We are confident in the long-term growth trajectory of our industry. Memory and storage have become increasingly important across diverse end market applications, spanning from the data center to the edge and from business to consumer. Within this context, Micron is getting stronger, not only financially, as Dave indicated, but also competitively. Micron is transforming into a product leadership company that is trusted partner to our customers, both for differentiated solutions and for continuity of supply. We are confident that our upcoming node transitions, our strengthening product portfolio and deeper customer engagements will further enhance our competitive position. 
Micron's transformation is taking place against a global backdrop of unprecedented environmental challenges. It is imperative that we are also environmentally responsible in our operations, and Micron is playing a leadership role in this area. Last month, we solidified our commitment to sustainability, announcing specific and measurable environmental sustainability goals for calendar 2022 and 2030. These commitments will be a milestone toward our aspirational goals of reducing absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 40% from our calendar 2018 baseline, transitioning to 100% renewable energy where available, conserving 100% of our water use and sending 0 waste to landfills. Reaching our goals will require investment. And as we have previously discussed, we plan to devote approximately 2% of annual capital expenditures to environmental sustainability initiatives, amounting to about $1 billion over the next 5 to 7 years. 
We will now open for questions.

So first of all, let me just point out, you said recovery in the second half of calendar year '20. What we said is in the second half of our fiscal year '20. And DRAM, of course, the long-term drivers of growth are secular in nature. Trend of AI and 5G, of course, will be a continuing driver of growth. In the near term, as you know, our -- from an industry point of view, enterprise servers have been weak, and that's impacting the demand outlook. 
And you also have to remember the context of the first half of the year. In the first half of calendar year 2020, as we had entered the year, we were definitely looking at strong demand trends building up through the year. The inventories, by and large, had normalized in the industry. And then we got hit by COVID, and that definitely impacted the demand outlook. It accelerated it in cloud for a while. It accelerated it in enterprise as well as financial and other sectors invested in enterprise server side. However, enterprise has generally been weak. 
Cloud demand, given the work from home and e-commerce and streaming, all these kind of applications have driven a strong growth on the cloud side, and we expect cloud to continue to be healthy in the second half. Of course, the first half of the calendar year 2020 saw a surge in demand in cloud. In the second half, we expect it to be somewhat moderated compared to the first half levels. But cloud will continue to be in a healthy place in -- over the F Q1 and F Q2 time frame, and it is the long-term driver of growth as well. 
5G phones will be a strong driver of growth. And remember, in 2020 because of COVID, total smartphone unit sales got impacted and got lowered by something around 10% on a year-over-year basis. But in 2021, smartphone sales are expected to pick up. In fact, smartphone sales are already picking up in the marketplace right now. So not only is it a story of increasing smartphone sales as we go through calendar 2021 beyond the seasonally slower first quarter of the calendar, but it is also the story in 5G of higher content, both for memory and storage. 
So these are the demand drivers that are driving -- that are giving us optimistic outlook for DRAM demand in calendar year 2021 continuing to improve starting from the beginning of the year, particularly as we get past the seasonal calendar Q1 time frame. 
And of course, as you pointed out, the CapEx in the DRAM industry has been disciplined. And that would position the industry -- when we look at the backdrop of demand expectation of approximately 20% in calendar year 2021, or 20% growth in DRAM, and look at the CapEx discipline that has existed in the industry, we. Think the environment -- overall, these dynamics bode well for a healthy environment in our second fiscal half of 2021 for DRAM. And of course, for ourselves, our second-generation DRAM, the -- our 1-alpha node, which will begin production in fiscal year 2021, will position us very well. And our underlying momentum of our product portfolio, both in NAND and DRAM, will position us well as we go through calendar year 2021.

So in our fiscal fourth quarter, Huawei was slightly under 10% of our total revenue. And given that the order had come in from the commerce pretty late in the quarter, in terms of any upside from Huawei in our fiscal fourth quarter, it was really very, very small. Now with respect to F Q1, yes, we stopped shipments effective September 14. So what that means is that our revenue declined substantially with Huawei in fiscal Q1, and that clearly is a significant headwind to us. Huawei has been a large customer to us, not only in F Q4 of 2020, but as we have reported before, it has been our largest customer for a significant period of time in prior several quarters as well. So the impact of Huawei-related commerce department ruling is a significant impact to our revenue in F Q1. And obviously, it is baked into our F Q1 guidance here. 
Specific to the licenses, we have applied for licenses. It's important to understand that our previous licenses did not give us the ability -- our previous licenses, at this point, do not give us the ability to ship to Huawei from our non-U.S. fabs. We need new licenses for that, which we have applied for, and we do not know if and when those licenses would be granted.

So as we said in our prepared remarks that with respect to the lost opportunity with Huawei, it will take us a while to shift our production as well as address the demand from other customers within the mobile ecosystem. There is no question that the end market mobile demand will be what it is projected to be. And to the extent that Huawei is not able to fulfill that demand going forward, that demand will be supplied by other smartphone manufacturers. Micron is well engaged with the entire ecosystem of smartphone manufacturers. We have had strong relationships with those customers. We have been a strong supplier to them. Our portfolio of solutions has only strengthened over time, making us a valued partner to the rest of the mobile ecosystem as well. So as we shift from Huawei toward those other customers, it will take us some time. It will have impact in F Q1, as I noted earlier. It will have less impact in F Q2. But by end of F Q2 and beyond, we will be able to make up for any loss on the Huawei front with other smartphone manufacturers, assuming that we don't get a license to Huawei in this time frame.

So certainly, our SATA leadership has helped us in the enterprise data center market. And SATA still is a meaningful portion of the enterprise SSD market, even though it is shifting rapidly to NVMe. And yes, we have a growing presence in enterprise with our NVMe solutions and we have good products, although we are in early stages of growing our NVMe opportunity. And yes, for future quarters, as we go through fiscal 2021 and calendar 2021, we will continue to expand our portfolio of solutions with NVMe products targeted for a broader set of applications in the enterprise space. 
And as you noted, we have done well with our SSD solutions. Compared to years past, we have continued to expand our portfolio in not only enterprise, but also on the client PC side and consumer SSD side. In fact, our QLC is a good success story here, as we noted in our remarks, with the broadest portfolio in enterprise SSDs as well as client and consumer SSDs. So we will be bringing out exciting new products over the course of 2020 and 2021 time frame. And we certainly do plan to increase our presence in the SSD marketplace with a broader and richer portfolio of solutions.

So first of all, we really cannot comment on other companies obtaining licenses. As we noted, that we have applied for licenses, but we cannot speculate if and when those licenses will be granted. And with respect to if licenses are granted, obviously, it will depend on what is Huawei's demand at that point. We will, of course, always supply to our customers and always make sure that we are meeting our commitments to our customers. Huawei, along with other customers, have been valued partners. So if we are given the opportunity with licenses to supply to Huawei, we will certainly be -- become a partner again given the strong partnership we have enjoyed in the past with them. But it will really depend on what is their demand profile at that point, what have been our commitments to other customers already in place, and we'll have to manage through all of that. But certainly, if licenses are granted, we will have a growing opportunity to engage again with Huawei. 
And that's -- remember, that's our goal. We always want to have a broad portfolio of products and a diversified set of customers. We have done well in this area over time. And as you can see that even though the largest customer in Huawei essentially in a very short period of time disappears for us in terms of revenue opportunity, we are able to address it given our portfolio and given our customer engagement with the rest of the customers. But it just takes supply chain -- the nature of the semiconductor supply chain is that it does take a while to shift that production. Even for other smartphone manufacturers in terms of filling any void created by Huawei, it does take them to adjust things in the supply chain as well. So we will, of course, continue to work with the broad ecosystem of smartphone suppliers to address the future demand for smartphone.

No. Regardless of the kind of compute architecture, whether it is x86-based or GPU-based or ARM-based, I mean, the need for memory and storage is there in all those architectures in all those applications. The need is being driven by trends like AI. AI relies on more and more data to derive greater intelligence and greater value for business and consumer experiences. So regardless of how the hardware platform is built, all applications require more memory and storage. And for example, in mobile, there is a great deployment of ARM processors today, and Micron is a strong supplier, and mobile is a large market for memory and storage applications. Basically, that just creates an opportunity for more choices for customers and just only diversifies our applications and our end market opportunity for memory and storage.

To be clear, we were not referring to components that we are not able to procure. I was referring in my prepared remarks that in the PC segment, particularly with the surge in demand in notebook, particularly Chromebooks, there have been -- in the PC supply chain, there have been certain component shortages that PC manufacturers have frankly talked about in their own earnings calls. So it's not any component shortages for Micron's supply chain. We were just referring to the end market component shortages in the PC supply chain. That has some impact on the demand when they're not able to procure all the components they need for their notebook and Chromebook builds.

So on the second part of your question related to NAND profitability. So as you know, NAND profitability in the industry today is low. I mean DRAM profitability is significantly better than NAND profitability. DRAM industry is certainly exercising good discipline with respect to CapEx, and that bodes well for -- as we said earlier, for the industry environment as we go through calendar year 2021. 
On the NAND side, what we are highlighting is that given the low profitability levels, there is a risk to improving the profitability of the industry unless demand ends up being higher than our estimations of approximately 30% demand growth next year or with CapEx restraint, the supply side in the industry gets managed better. Of course, it is too early to comment holistically on 2020 industry supply growth. But with the current estimations that we have, we believe that discipline on the CapEx side is needed in the NAND industry to restore the healthier profitability levels of NAND. 
Of course, on Micron's part, as we highlighted, our strategy always is to focus on growing our supply in line with demand. That means we plan to have supply growth CAGR to be in line with the industry demand growth CAGR, both for DRAM and NAND. And on NAND, this year, that means in calendar year 2020, our NAND supply growth will be significantly less than the industry demand given the RG transition. 
And next year also, we are continuing to exercise our CapEx discipline on NAND with our supply growth next year in calendar year 2021 somewhat less than the expectation of the industry demand. Of course, in terms of shipment capability in calendar year 2021, we'll be able to fulfill that in line with the industry demand using the inventory -- the higher levels of inventory that we have been carrying in NAND. 
So we are certainly exercising discipline in managing our transition here from floating gate to replacement gate as well as addressing the NAND opportunities in a disciplined fashion. And all I was pointing out was that CapEx discipline is needed on the part of the NAND industry as well to the store -- stronger levels of profitability versus the current low levels that exist in the industry.