Thank you, Shanye. Good afternoon, everyone. Micron continues to perform exceptionally well, achieving record revenue and profitability and generating strong operating cash flow in the third quarter. Our focus on structural improvements and consistent execution is driving improved financial performance. First, we are accelerating advanced technology development and rapidly deploying it into production to meet our supply growth and product cost reduction targets. Second, we are broadening our portfolio of high-value solutions to drive increased profitability and strengthen our customer relationships. And third, we announced a capital return program to repurchase up to $10 billion of our shares outstanding starting in fiscal 2019. These initiatives underscore our commitment to enhancing long-term shareholder value.
Turning to our businesses, we delivered strong results across the breadth of our end markets. We were particularly pleased with our Mobile business, where we increased revenue by 12% sequentially, setting a new company record. Revenue from high-value mobile NAND nearly doubled quarter-over-quarter, enabled by the ramp of eMMC and eMCP products to multiple smartphone OEMs. 85% of managed NAND gigabytes that we shipped in fiscal Q3 were a lower cost to TLC NAND as compared to virtually no TLC NAND just 1 year ago.
Memory and storage content per phone continues to rise, creating ongoing demand for our mobile solutions. We are strategically shipping our mobile portfolio to put us in the best competitive position, including the production launch of our 1X nanometer low-power DDR4 memory and several new 64-layer TLC UFS and eMCP managed NAND solutions, all later this year.
Data center trends are also driving momentum for Micron's DRAM and NAND solutions, with combined revenue up 87% year-over-year. In the third quarter, ongoing demand for our memory and storage solutions in cloud computing was a key highlight. Our DRAM and NAND revenue from cloud customers increased sequentially by 33% and 24%, respectively. This performance was enabled by our improving execution, ability to expand share and strengthening relationships with key customers in this rapidly growing segment.
We stand to benefit from the significant investments cloud service providers are making to build out their IT infrastructure. Cloud CapEx is expected to be $50 billion in 2018. And as we shared during our investor event, analysts project this CapEx to reach $108 billion by 2021. 
We achieved record revenue across all market segments of our embedded business, enabled by shifts to higher value products and continuing LD demand. Growth was particularly robust in consumer and industrial markets, driven by trends in home and industrial automation, drones and IoT. We completed qualification of a 64-layer 3D NAND surveillance-grade microSD card, which is designed for smart surveillance deployments that move AI capabilities to edge devices. We also had notable design win activity on low-power automotive DRAM and fee-growing opportunities in the near-term for our portfolio of infotainment, dashboard and ADAS solutions.
We readied multiple new products for customer qualification this quarter, including the first 1X nanometer low-power automotive DRAM and a GDDR6 solution for ADAS and autonomous applications. These advanced new products extend an industry-leading portfolio of unique automotive and industrial solutions that, coupled with long-term customer relationships, have helped the Embedded Business Unit deliver consistent profitable growth for Micron.
Overall, we continue to strengthen our product portfolio as we shift our mix away from components and toward high-value solutions. We are outpacing competitors in the high-value graphics market and our graphics revenue more than doubled year-over-year. We also set another company record in overall SSD sales, increasing our revenue by 37% versus a year ago. We've began volume production shipments of our 64-layer 3D NAND enterprise SATA SSD and shipped the world's first QLC-based SSD, a high-capacity drive, ideal for read-centric applications like streaming media servers. 
This QLC SSD is built on our industry-leading 64-layer 3D NAND, utilizing the first ever terabit NAND die in the industry. As we continue to introduce new SSD solutions on lower cost next-generation technologies, we believe that we can unlock new pools of demand that are currently being served by HDDs. Our technology and operational execution continues to pay dividends. As we recently shared, we achieved yield maturity and production output crossover on our 64-layer 3D NAND ahead of schedule. We still expect to have production shipments on our 96-layer 3D NAND in the second half of calendar year 2018.
We are also making good progress on the development of our fourth generation 3D NAND, which will utilize our novel replacement gate technology. 
In DRAM, we are on track to reach bit crossover on our 1X technology, and to begin production shipments on our 1Y technology, both in the second half of calendar year 2018. As we noted at our analyst event, we have a strong product and process roadmap for DRAM with 1Z and 1 alpha development programs already underway.
Turning to 3D XPoint technology, as you know, we are partners with Intel in the development and manufacturing of 3D XPoint. As part of that ongoing relationship, we have been discussing the commercial terms of our future generation 3D XPoint collaboration. Our goal in these discussions is to ensure that Micron has a path to strong ROI for our investments in technology contributions. We will provide updates as appropriate as these discussions progress further.
As we highlighted at our Investor Day, we are excited about the potential for 3D XPoint technology to create a new tier of memory and storage between DRAM and NAND flash. We remain focused on our 3D XPoint product development and are on track to introduce our first products in late calendar 2019, with meaningful revenue in 2020.
In summary, we continue to see strong market demand for memory and fast storage products due to the value these solutions provide in an economy where data and fast access to that data is increasingly important. Growing capabilities in the data center have enabled greater functionality at the edge, increasing users and creating more data. And in turn, driving opportunities for expanded higher value data services.
We believe this virtuous cycle has driven the secular growth patterns we are currently seeing across nearly all of our markets, and believe that it will persist into the foreseeable future.
I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Dave Zinsner, to provide details on our third quarter results and outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2018.

Thank you, Dave. We recently introduced our vision for the new Micron. We have been undergoing a fundamental transformation, driven by changes in our markets, our industry and within our company. Starting with our markets, data-hungry applications are driving secular growth for memory and storage solutions. Importantly, our customers recognize the essential added value that memory and fast storage provides for the solutions they deliver to their end customers. 
Second, the industry we operate within is structurally different than in the past. Technology transitions require more CapEx and provide less bit gain and the pace of those transitions have slowed, given increased process complexities. The result is a more consistent and stable supply/demand outlook. These structural changes have also resulted in improved ROI over the last several years. 
Finally, a laser-sharp focus on executing our strategic business objectives has allowed Micron to better capitalize on our excellent technology portfolio, product breadth, manufacturing scale, customer reach and deep team expertise. We are creating a culture of increased urgency, crisp execution and accountability that will enable us to consistently deliver against these strategic objectives and create positive results for all stakeholders.
We will now open for questions.

I just want to point out that as Dave said in his remarks, that the mix as far as NAND business has improved substantially, given successful execution on our strategy of shifting our products toward high-value solutions and multi-chip packages, which have both NAND and DRAM and carry higher ASPs. On a sequential basis, we doubled our sales of those solutions in the market. And of course, we did well on SSD as well, which hit a record. So all that mix really drove our strong performance on the ASP front for the NAND business.

Yes. We are comfortable with our targets. As we said, we are proceeding well with our 64-layer transition into production, actually achieved bit output crossover one quarter earlier than planned. And on the DRAM side, continued to do well with our 1X nanometer technology transition, which we said will have bit output crossover by the end of the calendar year. And similarly, good progress in terms of our 1Y nanometer DRAM. So yes, with respect to our overall bit growth targets for the year, as we have said, that we believe that the industry will be in the range of 40% to 45% for NAND and will be somewhat higher. That remains the case. And with respect to DRAM, we had said, in calendar year 2018, industry supply bit growth will be approximately 20% and will be in range, and that stays the same as well. I'll just point out that in F Q3, our supply -- the shipment growth being flat for DRAM and NAND, as you were questioning, that really is just related to the normal ebb and flow of the business in terms of qualifications of our products in those new technology nodes as well as ramp-up in production of those technologies.

So we discussed that at length at our Investor Day and as we had highlighted, the markets today are structurally different compared to what we have in the past. First, they are ever more diversified. Markets are not just about PC and DRAM. I mean, data center is driving large growth for DRAM. The AI trends, which we are very, very early innings of, requires more and more DRAM in order to really perform high-performance computation that AI applications rely on. So driving AI applications are driving growth in the data center as well as through more intelligent devices on the edge. And smartphones, certainly, with features such as AR and VR and AI getting implemented into these phones along with all the high-resolution cameras, they require more and more DRAM as well. So the demand drivers are diverse. They are secular in nature. Memory has become essential in terms of delivering the value proposition of the end market applications. So this is what is really driving the overall robust demand drivers for our industry, for DRAM, and whether it's in data centers or in mobile or in graphics or automotive applications, all of these need more memory, and memory is now really enabling higher value as well to the end market applications. So yes, this all bodes well for the long-term healthy industry fundamentals. And all of this reflects in our guidance as well, which speaks for itself. It's a very robust, strong guidance that we have provided for the third quarter.

And I'll just point out that it's only a very short period of time, just a few quarters. So we have really driven tremendous momentum in our SSD sales in SBU. And yes, they are mostly 32-layer driven, but 64-layer is starting to ramp. And as we focus on bringing our next generation of products into the market with our -- such as NVMe solutions as well as more 64-layer-based solutions for cloud applications, that will help improve the cost structure and certainly will bode well for the health of our SBU business going forward. So we are very excited about the opportunities, about our very cost-effective NAND die and technology, and very focused on continuing to accelerate our product introductions and get the benefit of advanced technology nodes as well as reduce the overall cost of SSD builds. Because you know that in SSDs, there is more than just memory that goes into building SSDs. So we are extremely focused on all of those, and that bodes well for the cost structure of our SSD solutions as well as growth of the SSD business.

In terms of cost, we are continuing to ramp our -- in DRAM, our 1X technology into production. And as we said in the later half of this year, we will achieve the bit crossover. And then, that 1X technology node will continue to ramp into production even during the course of next year, just like our 20-nanometer in ramp over several quarters as well. So that will, on an ongoing basis, continue to provide us cost benefit. And same story on the NAND side, right? We are focused on continuing to go beyond bit crossover with 64-layer now to continue to increase the mix of 64-layer technology into production. And then, as we ready our 96-layer technology which in my prepared remarks I said we will be having in the second half of this year. As we ramp that up, it will then continue to provide additional cost benefits on an ongoing basis. So you really can't say which quarter is the cost reduction peaking. In general, this is gradual over the course of future quarters. And please do not forget, I mean, when I'm talking about NAND here, I'm talking about the NAND technology level cost reduction capabilities. Of course, NAND cost is also a function of mix, right? I mean, MCP solutions tend to carry the cost of the DRAM and NAND as well, so they tend to be higher cost when you measure it as a cost per gigabyte of NAND. And similarly, SSD solutions, because they have other [ long ] costs, also tend to be higher cost. So don't confuse the reported cost changes quarter-over-quarter with the underlying technology capability of cost reductions. The mix plays a role in the reported margin numbers that we talk about.

We can't really comment much on it other than the authorities in China had visited our offices and had, on May 31 I believe it was, and had requested certain information. And of course, we are cooperating with that. And I would just like to point out that we absolutely do remain focused on discipline and operating with highest integrity methods.

I think servers and graphics, we continue to see growth, strong growth in those areas. And again, these are long-term trends, as we described earlier, where cloud and all the billions of devices on the edge, all of them becoming more intelligent and trends of AI are absolutely driving more and more demand. We have shared at the Investor Day, for example, AI-driven -- the AI training-driven compute workloads have like 2x the amount of DRAM and 6x the amount of SSDs. So these trends are really secular in nature. We are at the very, very beginning. And same way in Mobile, in terms of our low-power DRAM, where we have a very strong position. DRAM content requirements are going -- continuing to increase, and certainly, graphics in console and gaming, as well as some crypto-driven demand continues to be, overall long-term, strong trend as well.

I think our strong execution with our products is enabling us to really broaden and deepen our reach with our cloud customers. And over the course of last few quarters, in cloud, where we used to be underrepresented with respect to our total shares, when you look at our total share of the DRAM industry and you look at cloud, we used to be underrepresented. By the strengthening execution, our share has increased and is in line with rest of the overall DRAM industry share. So it is really share execution on our product roadmap. Our ability to work closely with those customers to understand their requirements in terms of the technology, in terms of the products, and certainly, understanding them in terms of supply as well, and being able to fulfill their requirements successfully. This is an important area of focus for us and I'm very pleased with the performance of the company, both on the DRAM side as well as on the NAND side in this high-growth market.

So as I pointed out earlier, we work closely with these customers and really are building strong relationships across the board. We do not see trend of building or hoarding product. We don't see that. I mean, we -- the demand in cloud applications has continued to increase. You have heard cloud operators, the major cloud operators, increased their CapEx in Q1, calendar Q1 '18, over Q4 '17 by more than 20%. And on a year-over-year basis in calendar Q1, CapEx spend by major cloud holders increased by -- cloud operators increased by over 100%. So at this end, of course, a meaningful part of that total CapEx from cloud operators is certainly going toward compute and storage and memory. And we are playing a good role in terms of supporting the needs of those customers. So no, we do not see these trends. We work closely in assessing, overall, their demand requirements and expectations. And keep in mind that this is a global trend in terms of cloud data center growth, and there are several large operators around the world, and we are well engaged with most of them. So if ever there is any pause from any one of them, it doesn't overall matter because the total trend is one of continuous growth. Again, given the value that memory and fast storage brings to the end-market applications that these cloud providers are enabling for consumers as well as for businesses.

Yes. Certainly, we do see that average capacities of NAND continue to go up in smartphones. We discussed that at the Investor Day as well. And certainly for DRAM, it keeps going up as well. In the high-end smartphones, 6 gigabyte DRAM is being used. And that average capacity, over time, even phones getting introduced in the future with 8 to 10 gigabyte, even 12 gigabyte. And similarly, on the smartphone side, certainly, average capacity of NAND content is continuing to increase nicely. I think at Investor Day, we had pointed out that there is a smartphone introduced in China that has, in fact, 1 terabyte of flash content. So average capacities are continuing to increase. And yes, certainly, with the benefit that 64-layer technology has brought to the industry in terms of enabling lower manufacturing cost, it certainly is enabling content growth not only in the mobile market, but also in SSDs. And last year in SSDs, somewhat average capacity growth had somewhat stalled, given the supply constraints that existed last year. And now, with the benefit of 64-layers, certainly, average capacities are expected to continue to increase over the course of next several years. And yes, replacing HDDs as well both in client computing applications as well as in enterprise applications with increasing attach rates and average capacity increases as well.

So we are executing very well on our 1X as well as 1Y technology for DRAM. I think we had already indicated that how on 1X DRAM technology, we had ramped to mature yields much faster than the previous generation technology node. And we have talked about that on 1X, we are on track to achieve a bit output crossover in our supply in second half of this year. So we are absolutely on track there and very pleased with the progress on 1Y technology node and DRAM as well, which we will begin production of in the second half of this year, of course, following customer qualifications.

So I don't think we have stated before in terms of our 1Y technology mix. What we have said is that in the second half of this year, we will begin production of this technology following customer qualifications. Of course, that will then ramp up gradually over a period of time. And of course, we'll be then focused on ramping up the production yields of the technology as well. I think you are confusing the 10% with what we have said regarding the Hiroshima space expansion. What we have said is we are expanding the cleanroom space in Hiroshima by 10% in order to implement the 1Y transition of the installed capacity there. That does not mean that we will have 10% of our DRAM production in 1Y technology. That is not the case. So I hope I clarified that with you. But as I said earlier, we are pleased with the progress that we are making with our 1Y technology development, and really pleased with the execution focus of our entire team on accelerating our technology development and focused on deploying these technologies into production in order to enable us to catch up on the cost competitiveness in the industry.

Again, as we have said, we are focused on executing to our strategy in terms of accelerating technology development and cost competitiveness and executing well on our products. We see strong demand trends for our products in our end markets, in the well-diversified markets that we have talked about. So I think this is what we are focused on and this is the best way for us to focus on our high ROI, return on our investments. And that's our focus here.

With respect to eMCP, we are engaged with a broad set of customers in terms of getting our products qualified. The shipments that we have made with respect to eMCP are with 32-layer, and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are also focused on qualifying 64-layer-based eMCP product. And just I would like to point out that along with eMCP products, we are, of course, also focused on qualifying our 64-layer-based UFS and MMC products with our customers as well and seeing good traction there. This is all part of our strategy of shifting our portfolio toward high-value solution. Having both DRAM and NAND in those eMCP solutions is -- gives us a unique capability to provide a strong value proposition to our customers. And of course, these solutions are also, as we pointed out in our embedded markets, automotive markets, so there is a broad set of customers that we are engaged with for our eMCP and discrete managed NAND solutions.

We do not provide cost reduction for these technologies, right? I mean, for competitive reasons, we don't disclose that. But I can tell you that in NAND, if you look at our track record and Micron's capabilities of CMOS under the array, we have produced the smallest die in the industry with our 3D NAND. And on the DRAM front, we are continuing to focus on bringing in next-generation technology nodes to narrow the cost gap that we have currently in the industry and we are making very good progress. As you can see, in our results of F Q3 as well as in our guide of F Q4, we are making very good progress on all those fronts.