Thank you, Farhan. Good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter results contributed to a year of unprecedented success for the company. With record profitability and revenue over $30 billion, Micron ended fiscal 2018 as the second largest semiconductor company in the U.S. The new Micron is undergoing a fundamental transformation, driven by our 34,000-plus employees around the world, whom I would like to thank for their intense focus on our key priorities.
Our markets are propelled by diversified secular growth trends, our industry is more rational and the Micron team is executing well against the company's strategy. Over the last 12 months, we have sharpened our focus on improving our cost structure and on increasing the mix of high-value solutions in our portfolio, all of which position us well for the future.
Our technology road map and manufacturing execution is driving strong cost reductions for the company. Over the last year, we have increased production DRAM bits per wafer at a higher rate than the industry, reducing the cost gap with competitors.
We are on track to achieve total bit output crossover on 1X nanometer DRAM in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 and have already achieved bit shipment crossover for 1X nanometer in the client and graphics markets in the fourth quarter.
We expect 1Y nanometer sales to commence before the end of calendar 2019, with meaningful production increases beginning in the fiscal third quarter as we recently announced new cleanroom space comes online at our Hiroshima facility.
We are also making good progress on our 1Z nanometer technology development. 
In NAND, cost reductions and mix improvements have helped us deliver sequential gross margin expansion even as pricing declined in the industry. At this time last year, our bit output share was meaningfully below our wafer market share. Over the last 12 months, through the strong execution of our 64-layer ramp and a higher mix of TLC, we have reversed this trend and now have our bit share ahead of our wafer share. We remain on track to move 96-layer NAND into production this calendar year and will continue to ramp it next year, which should provide us with solid cost reductions in fiscal 2019.
We have already commercialized CMOS Under the Array, QLC and array stacking on 3D NAND, while most competitors still have these challenges ahead of them. Our technology leadership positions us well for the year ahead, and we are pleased with the headway we are making on our fourth-generation 3D NAND technology, which uses a replacement gate architecture.
We also made excellent progress increasing our mix of higher value-added solutions, delivering record revenue in our SSD and multichip package products this quarter.
Our enterprise and cloud SSD quarterly revenues more than doubled year-over-year as we strengthened our position in SATA SSDs. A third-party research firm recently recognized Micron as the #1 market share leader in enterprise SATA. We achieved well over $2 billion in annual SSD revenue in fiscal 2018.
Our first-generation NVMe SSD is in the final stages of product development. Looking ahead, we are focused on introducing new NVMe SSDs over the course of the next several quarters. Consumer and client NVMe SSDs will come first, and then late in calendar 2019, cloud and enterprise NVMe drives. As the market rapidly shifts to NVMe, 2019 will be a year of transition for us, following solid SSD share gains in 2018, and we expect to start growing SSD share again in 2020 with a fuller product portfolio.
We also look forward to leveraging our market advantage with QLC SSDs in 2019 and beyond.
Fiscal Q4 saw a continuation of our stellar performance in managed NAND growth, with MCP revenues growing 21% sequentially. MCPs are used in the vast majority of smartphones, and we have robust demand from customers for these products. We are focused on growing MCP revenues and are introducing new differentiated products to enhance our portfolio.
In the fourth quarter, our new 128-gigabyte NAND plus 4-gigabyte DRAM MCP ramped revenue faster than any other managed NAND product in our history, demonstrating our strong execution as well as the market demand for high-capacity, high-value MCPs for flagship smartphones. We are pleased with our progress and believe we still have a lot of room to grow in this market over the coming year.
Now turning to highlights by market. More than 1/3 of our total revenues in fiscal 2018 were from data center and graphics. Our annual revenues in these markets have more than doubled year-over-year. We are confident about the long-term demand growth in this market as AI and big data analytics continue to create new value for end customers. Our collaboration with customers in these markets is deep, and we work closely with them to bring new technologies to market.
For example, in Q4, we started shipping a new custom persistent memory solution to a large hyperscale company. In graphics, NVIDIA chose us the lead GDDR6 partner for their GeForce RTX products, and we expect to see strong growth in our GDDR6 shipments in fiscal 2019. 
We are also collaborating with customers on 3D XPoint solutions and expect to start sampling products in late calendar 2019.
Markets requiring our long life cycle products make up more than 15% of our revenues. We win in these markets on high-quality, deep partnerships, committed long-term support and the breadth of our DRAM, NAND and NOR product portfolio. These businesses in our portfolio typically show higher stability in revenues, profitability and cash flows and are supported by secular growth drivers such as autonomous driving, networking, IoT and industrial automation.
Our automotive business had record revenues in the quarter. We have a strong design win pipeline for automotive products, with a lifetime value of several billion dollars. To support our long-term growth in these markets, we recently announced a multiyear $3 billion investment to expand our fab in Manassas, Virginia over the next decade. This site will be a world-class center of excellence for developing and manufacturing these long life cycle solutions.
Turning to mobile. The market continues to grow, driven by content increases for DRAM and NAND across all frontiers. We shipped our first high-performance UFS-managed NAND products in the fourth quarter and expect this to be a growth area for us in fiscal 2019.
We delivered record results in mobile, with revenues up 8% sequentially, driven by strength in NAND as we grew NAND bits 80% quarter-on-quarter. DRAM and NAND content will continue to grow in mobile devices in fiscal 2019, driven by customer preferences and the need to support new camera and video features utilizing machine learning.
Looking at the industry broadly, calendar 2018 has been a phenomenal year so far, with a total DRAM and NAND TAM on track to reach record highs and total industry revenues forecasted to grow 29% year-over-year to $168 billion.
As we discussed at our Investor Day event, we expect industry cyclicality to be more dampened than in the past as industry supply growth from nodes transitions slows structurally and supply growth requires higher levels of CapEx.
In addition, we continue to see robust diversified demand drivers and are confident in the long-term outlook for our business.
Turning to bit growth. In DRAM, we see the calendar 2018 industry bit output growth tracking slightly above 20%, with Micron growing in line with the industry. NAND industry bit output growth is tracking close to 45% in calendar 2018, and we expect to grow roughly in line with the industry.
Looking ahead to calendar 2019, we plan to grow DRAM bits in line with estimated industry growth of approximately 20% and plan to grow NAND bits somewhat above our expectation of industry growth of 35% to 40%.
In fiscal 2019, we expect that DRAM profitability will remain strong as the market continues to benefit from long-term structural growth drivers and from structurally slowing supply growth.
Turning to NAND. We have seen an acceleration in supply growth in calendar 2018, driven by the ramp of highly efficient 64-layer 3D NAND across the industry. Looking ahead, we expect a moderation in supply growth beginning in the first half of calendar 2019 as the industry transitions to more challenging 96-layer designs, which provide less benefit node over node.
We also expect higher demand due to elasticity, resulting in higher SSD adoption and increasing average capacities across multiple end markets. In our fiscal first quarter, we see some impact to our client compute customers due to a shortage of CPUs. In addition, there is some limited inventory adjustment underway at a few customers, but their end customer demand remains solid.
Turning to CapEx. Dave will provide more details, but I want to emphasize that our fiscal 2019 CapEx plans are consistent with our strategy to focus on technology transitions while maintaining existing wafer capacity. As we have highlighted previously, future technology transitions in NAND and DRAM require substantially more cleanroom space than prior nodes. As a result, our fiscal 2019 CapEx related to manufacturing facility construction and facility upgrades is increasing by nearly $2 billion year-over-year, primarily due to our previously announced NAND and DRAM cleanroom expansions. This investment will provide us the flexibility to better manage our manufacturing operations and drive the manufacturing ramp of new technologies in a timely manner.
As I reflect on the tremendous progress we have made improving our competitive position this year and the amazing opportunities that drive our industry, I'm very excited about Micron's future. Against this backdrop, we certainly view our stock as being undervalued at current prices and are aggressively implementing our stock buyback program. We will continue to maintain a healthy balance sheet and use strong free cash flow to support over $10 billion buyback and assess opportunities to accelerate the time line for its completion.
With that, I will pass this over to Dave.

Thank you, Dave. I'm proud of the Micron's teams' execution in fiscal 2018. In October, we will celebrate the 40th anniversary of Micron's founding. Our proven track record in delivering technology and design innovation and building close partnerships with a broad range of customers has laid a solid foundation. We are now driving a culture of agility, efficiency and speed and executing on product level innovations in high-value solutions. This transformation to the new Micron continues to build strong momentum. I'm really excited about our future, and the best is yet to come.
We will now open for questions.

And I will just add that [ with the CPU ] shortages, we expect it to be short term. It's possible that it goes beyond Q1 as well.

As we said, we have gained substantial shares in SSDs, primarily based on SATA SSDs over the course of 2018, our fiscal 2018. And we are very pleased with the progress we have made there. And, of course, market is shifting towards NVMe SSDs, and that's where the future growth opportunity lies. And we have been working on our NVMe SSD solution. We plan to introduce our first NVMe solutions later this year, and then we will be ramping, as we said, in the client and consumer space, bringing new products into the market in calendar year 2019 and bringing, later on, enterprise and cloud, NVMe SSDs later in the year, in the 2019 year. So our NVMe SSDs will be ramping up gradually over the course of 2019. Of course, we will continue to maintain a solid share position with SATA SSDs. Overall, I expect that our total share in SSDs will continue to be flattish in 2019 time frame, and we expect to resume share growth from [ a ] 2020 time frame as we complete our NVMe SSD portfolio. And by completing NVMe SSD portfolio, I mean, complete the development of SSDs, get them qualified with our customers and ramp them into production. So we are very confident about the long-term opportunity for us in SSDs, leveraging our low-cost 64 layers NAND as well as our 96-layer NAND solutions over the course of next few quarters.

I think most important to understand is the end market demand trends for DRAM as well as NAND continue to be strong. I mean, when you look at data center and cloud applications, AI is in the very, very early innings. And the whole cloud growth is in the very early innings as well. We see the DRAM requirements in enterprise and cloud data center application to be growing much faster than the total average DRAM industry demand growth, CAGR over course of few years of about 30%. Similarly, in mobile applications, DRAM is growing nicely as well, as machine learning kind of features, as facial recognition, et cetera, get implemented in these forms. We are already starting to see 6 to 8 gigabyte, even 10 gigabyte, coming in smart -- high-end smartphones now, and these are not too far -- and then you even see 12 gigabyte in smartphones. And similarly, on the NAND front, when you look at average capacities increasing in smartphones, you are seeing now 512-gigabyte smartphones being offered, and again, days of terabyte smartphones are not far away. And certainly, with elasticity in NAND, average capacities in client computing applications as well as mobile devices will increase as well as attach rate of SSDs will increase. So this is important. When you look at these demand trends, we feel very confident about the long-term trajectory. In 1 or 2 quarters here or there, there can certainly be ebb and flow in terms of demand or supply in the industry, but the long-term trend is positive. And specific to our CapEx, I'll just point out here that we are being very prudent, very disciplined in managing our CapEx, absolutely focused on profitability and ROI. We had mentioned that our CapEx on cleanroom construction and facility upgrades is increasing by $2 billion compared to last year. And Dave mentioned that it represents about 25% of our total CapEx guidance that we provided. And just as an example of our discipline on CapEx management in NAND, in terms of equipment CapEx for 2019, our fiscal year 2019 versus 2018, we have -- we are actually reducing the CapEx fiscal year 2019 versus 2018. So we are extremely focused on technology conversions, technology transitions because they are the best way for us to achieve cost competitiveness as well as ROI on our investments. We are not adding the wafer starts, where some other competitors may have thought about those in the industry.

So I think with respect to the inventory question that you have, it's very important to understand that we are not talking about debt inventory adjustment in any particular segment. This is with few customers. It is a customer-specific inventory adjustment that we discuss here. And, of course, we cannot call out those customers on this call. And with respect to pricing, of course, we do not forecast pricing. But you look at our F Q4 results, our DRAM pricing was flat, and 71% gross margin, record gross margin, extremely healthy. Industry environment, we see going forward as well for DRAM. As I talked about, the demand drivers are vibrant for DRAM, they are diversified and they are secular in nature, and DRAM solutions are really bringing great value to the AI-driven kind of applications where they're really essential to that trend. And you have to keep in mind that the supply growth is slowing down as well, given the increased technology complexities and greater CapEx that is required to implement the technology transition. So overall, we continue to see healthy DRAM industry fundamentals. On the NAND side, as I mentioned, this year, calendar 2018, we see NAND supply output growth at approximately 45%, and this, as you know, has been there because the industry, over the course of last several months, has gone through a major transition from 2D NAND to 3D NAND with a 64 layer. And the industry at this point is already on 3D transition in terms of total bits on a calendar year basis at about 75% level. So going forward on NAND as well, as you look at transition in the future to 96 layer, that will have the same kind of [ consideration ] that increase technology complexity and reduced bit gain per wafer from 64- to 96-layer transition. So we see moderation in the industry supply aspect in the first half of 2019.

So let me take that. In terms of demand elasticity, we are certainly seeing that. I think in smartphones, you do see a move to higher capacities. I referred to that in my previous comment in response to the previous question. In SSDs, which is currently [ limited ] to consumer and channels-related SSDs, with the benefit of lower-priced NAND, certainly, you see -- you are starting to see -- there's always some lag. Average capacity increases in those channels as well. So overall, NAND should definitely continue to benefit from price elasticity.

So we are not going to provide full year guidance on the cost side for fiscal year 2019, but I will tell you that we believe we are in very good position with respect to continuing to execute on our technology and manufacturing road map and realizing cost reduction. Of course, as we have said before, when you go from 1 technology node to the other technology node, you achieve less bits per wafer gain, and that impacts, of course, the cost reduction capability from 1 node to the next node. And again, the laws of physics are the same everywhere, and this is common across the industry, as we discussed at our Investor Day. So 1Y technology in mature years will provide less cost reduction than 1X technology provided over the 20-nanometer. Nonetheless, our position will be good in terms of cost reduction. Things that we discussed at Investor Day, we feel very good about our ongoing march toward strengthening our cost competitiveness. And, of course, in NAND, we are in very good position with the lowest-cost technology in the industry.

So let me just point out that in 2018, we were well below the industry in terms of overall CapEx. And overall, we definitely are absolutely focused on technology transitions with respect to our CapEx, and we believe we have, really, a prudent disciplined focus, as I said before, in terms of addressing our CapEx toward equipments, targeting it toward technology transition and bit growth coming from the technology transition. We have mentioned that calendar year '19, we see our supply bit growth in line with the industry on DRAM side, which we expect to be approximately 20%. And in NAND, we have said that we expect our fiscal year 2019 supply output bit growth to be -- industry to be in the range of 35% to 40% and for us to be somewhat higher.

Yes. And, of course, we retain some flexibility in terms of managing this on an ongoing basis as well.

So at this point, we are not providing specifics on 96-layer and how much you gain per wafer, but I think some of it can be obvious as well. You are going from 64-layer to 96 layers. And future generation beyond 96-layer will tend to have, again, reduced bit gain per wafer. All of that is obviously -- along with the assumptions of industry ramp of 96-layer, is baked into our overall guidance of fiscal year -- calendar year '19 NAND bit growth of 35% to 40%. It's slowing down because, again, 64-layer to 96-layer will give you less gain. So in 2018, you saw a onetime increase in NAND bit growth, given that the industry went from 2D to 3D transition with 64-layer. Going forward, it will revert back to the same curve of less and less bit gain and, of course, more CapEx requirements with each successive technology transition.

So in my prepared remarks, I did mention about QLC, and we have -- we are the first ones to introduce QLC SSDs in the industry, very proud of Micron's ability and execution in that area and very proud of our team to be able to do that. And we have just begun with certain set of limited customers taking that QLC SATA SSD product to the market. This will be a growing revenue for us within SSD next year. Although it will remain relatively small, it will initially be, of course, in the SATA QLC solutions. As in the past, when you went through MLC transitions in the NAND industry or you went through the TLC transitions in the NAND industry, those transitions occurred over the course of few years, and we similarly expect the QLC transition to be happening gradually over the course of next few years, although we will start realizing revenue from QLC SSDs starting now, but -- then continuing to increase it modestly in calendar 2019 as well. And, of course, focusing on it in the SSD space.

So as I said before, this is not limited to any particular segment. It is more specific customer consideration. And given the kind of pricing that had existed in the DRAM market, certain customers have certain inventory levels that -- in a certain inventory strategy that they were pursuing. And those customers have decided to adjust their inventory levels. So that's what we refer to in our remarks. In terms of the end market demand for those customers and end market demand for DRAM application, that continues to be solid. It's just an inventory adjustment approach of some of our customers.

I mean, absolutely, we will continue to increase our high-value solutions mix, which means SSDs as well as managed NAND solutions for mobile application, including discrete managed NAND solutions as well as multichip packages, where, of course, we have a significant benefit because we have both DRAM and NAND. So absolutely, this is part of our strategy. We will absolutely continue to increase our mix of SSD and managed NAND solutions, high-value solutions. Just want to remind you that we had shared at the Investor Day that in fiscal year '17, we had about 40% of NAND revenue coming from our high-value solution, that means SSDs and managed NAND solutions. And in fiscal year '18, we increased that to a little over 60%. In fact, in fiscal Q4, our managed NAND and SSD mix, the high-value solutions mix in NAND is over 2/3. So this just goes to show you that we are absolutely working toward our goal that we had shared with you at the Investor Day, that by 2021, we will have 80% of our NAND revenue in terms of -- actually, in terms of managed NAND solutions. So this is going really well for us, and it, of course, provides us the benefits in terms of profitability as well.

So, certainly, I think when you look at the data center, the total CapEx increases particularly in the hyperscale application, a lot of that CapEx, [indiscernible] go toward server and memory and storage application. But that certainly is an indication of the continuing year-over-year growth [indiscernible] certainly an indication of [ keeping ] opportunity. But again, I will point out that we are in very early innings there. And this is going to be a multi-year growth opportunity for us. And we are actually focused on working closely with the customers in this space. And through those discussions, we had good visibility from them in terms of our opportunity for the future. So we feel very good about our growth opportunities in this part of the segment here.

So I think one of the things I will share with you is that if you look at the DRAM demand growth projections in the cloud and enterprise data center space, you will see that, that CAGR over a few years is 30%, and that is higher than the expected DRAM overall industry supply bit growth of 20%. So this is one of the fastest growth areas where DRAM, along with NAND, really bring a lot of value to those customers. I think at our Investor Day, we had taken you through the details of how AI-driven applications are requiring 6x more DRAM per server and 2x more SSDs per server. So I think you have to look at all of these trends. There is no one particular trend that I can point to. You -- in this regard, of course, you have to look at the cloud CapEx. You have to look at the average capacity increases that are taking place on the DRAM side as well as for the NAND side in cloud applications, the server attach rates. The CPUs that are going into the servers have more memory channels that's enabling more DRAM growth per server content in the data center application. So there are many of these things that all absolutely are pointing to strong demand drivers. And just to end the comment here, I would point out that our end market applications are well diversified in DRAM. Of course, cloud and data center is 1 strong growth area for us, but mobile, automotive, industrial, IoT, all of these are also growth applications. For example, in automotive and industrial, we have #1 market share, and that's a very stable kind of market opportunity. And we are doing very well. Graphics is another example, right? We are very strong positioned in graphics as well and another growth opportunity. So multiple growth drivers and we are well positioned. The message is the industry is structurally different, and Micron -- the new Micron is also structurally different. And we are well positioned to drive the business going forward.

So as we mentioned, we see DRAM to be healthy in Q1, and we definitely see healthy demand supply chain for DRAM beyond that as well, given the well-diversified growth drivers for DRAM. So overall, we see DRAM in balance. And regarding the inventory adjustment, I just want to be clear that, that comment is related to DRAM.