Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We hope you and your families are safe and healthy. 
I want to start by thanking our employees and recognizing their resiliency and dedication in driving strong second quarter performance in the midst of the COVID pandemic. Along with our customers and suppliers, we quickly stood up new work processes and safeguards that allowed us to continue fulfilling customer commitments while strengthening our foundation for the future.  
And now as we see new outbreaks of coronavirus in our community, we continue to prioritize the safety and well-being of our team. This includes flexible work schedules, teleworking, child care assistance and stringent operating protocols aligned with CDC guidelines to help protect our employees and their loved ones. We also continue to support our suppliers, health care providers and communities through volunteer time, supplies and financial resources.  
Turning to the results for the quarter. Despite the challenges of the coronavirus, we delivered a very strong second quarter operationally and financially. Sales grew 5%, driven by 15% top line growth in Space and continued growth at Aeronautics and Mission Systems. Segment operating income grew 4%, in line with sales growth, and we generated an 11.6% segment operating margin rate.
Cash generation was particularly strong. Cash from operations increased 45% to $2.3 billion, and free cash flow increased 53% to $2.1 billion after capital spending of $269 million. Our cash results reflect solid operational performance and benefited from actions taken by our customers to support the industrial base. We passed the full supplier benefit of higher progress payments to our suppliers. And we have also instituted our own acceleration of payments to many of our most vulnerable suppliers, totaling nearly $500 million year-to-date.  
In addition to those financial highlights in the quarter, we continue to execute our long-term growth strategy. Second quarter awards totaled $14.8 billion, a book-to-bill of 1.7x sales. And our total backlog has increased 8% since year-end 2019 to more than $70 billion. The strength of our awards demonstrates our portfolio's alignment with the nation's most critical security priority, including space, nuclear deterrence, advanced weapons and all-domain command and control. Our innovation and timely investments in these areas are enabling our customers' vision for future operations.  
In Space, rapidly evolving threats are driving an urgent need for advanced resilient capabilities, and we are competing successfully in this domain. In the second quarter, new awards at Space Systems totaled $9.2 billion, which included $5.9 billion of restricted awards. In addition to restricted awards, we also booked $1.9 billion to develop 2 polar orbiting satellites for Next Gen OPIR and approximately $150 million for the preliminary design and development of HALO, the first crew module for NASA's moon orbiting space station as part of Artemis. And we were selected by commercial customers to build 4 satellites under 2 separate awards totaling more than $400 million.  
These awards support the Federal Communication Commission's order to make the lower portion of the C-band spectrum available to mobile network operators, enabling the rollout of critical 5G services.  
We are also supporting the modernization of the nation's strategic deterrent with GBSD. GBSD continues to be on track for a late summer award. We expect a booking of between $10 billion to $15 billion for the engineering, manufacturing and development or EMD phase of the program, with production to be negotiated at a later date. The successful completion of the preliminary design review in May validates that we are ready to enter the EMD phase. We look forward to delivering a secure, reliable and effective nuclear deterrent capability to our nation. Based on current backlog and future opportunities, we continue to expect Space will be our fastest growing business.  
In advanced weapons, we are providing innovative solutions that address the need for higher speed, advanced sensors and precision capabilities. Our broad portfolio of advanced weapons capabilities, including hypersonics, precision systems, directed energy and advanced munitions continues to be a source of growth.  
After completing successful critical design review last quarter, AARGM-ER achieved another milestone in the second quarter. The Navy conducted the first AARGM-ER captive carry flight test on the F-18 Super Hornet, and we've begun with tunnel testing. This system provides opportunity to grow our share in the tactical missile market. Also in the quarter, we announced that we surpassed the production and delivery of 50,000 precision guidance kits for a 155-millimeter artillery projectile. And year-to-date, we've booked $154 million in modifications to our big contract for PGK production with the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps to produce additional kits.  
Our overall weapon systems bookings within our Defense Systems segment are up year-to-date with a 1.2x book-to-bill. Through our successful integration of Orbital ATK into the Northrop Grumman portfolio, we are realizing the strength of the combined team in our Space and weapons business performance. 
We are also proud to be enabling the next generation of battle management. Our networking and computer technology is being incorporated into demonstrations and systems of records, showing the value of our open systems, which are affordable and platform agnostic. Next-generation programs like Joint All-Domain Command and Control, known as JADC2, are aimed at creating an information architecture across all domains. Our experience with the Army's IBCS program and ABMS for the Air Force will help enable the Defense Department to extend the any sensor, any shooter capability across all services.  
And we are making considerable progress on the IBCS program. Together with the Army, we entered the final round of preparation and trading for the systems' multiweek limited user tests that began shortly after the end of the second quarter. Successful completion of this EMD milestone will support IBCS production, deployment and fielding to execute the Army's integrated air and missile defense modernization strategy. We are on track for the milestone fee decision later this year, which positions the program to enter production.  
For the current generation of Mission Systems and Sensors, we continue to deliver advanced capabilities to address evolving threats. In the Mission Systems sector, we delivered F-35 radar, DAS and CNI chipsets in quantities comparable to or better than the second quarter of 2019, despite the impact of COVID. Our SABR radar upgrades also continue. During the quarter, the Air Force completed integration of our SABR radars on Air National Guard F-16s at its Joint Base Andrews and New Jersey Air National Guard Bases. 7 additional bases are scheduled to receive SABR upgrades in the coming months.  
MS will also be supplying our radio frequency countermeasure Systems for the C-130s operated by the Air Force Special Operations Command. Our RFCM systems will help to improve the C-130's aircraft survivability and protect aircrews from air and land-based enemy radar and missile systems.  
Looking ahead, we are competing for the next generation of electronic warfare capabilities, including Next Gen Jammer Low Band, which should be awarded later this year.  
Turning to Aeronautics sector. Through the end of the second quarter, we delivered 683 F-35 center fuselages, and we continue to manufacture at a pace that supports customer deliveries. We adjusted our outlook for F-35 fuselage production volume for AS in the first quarter to account for the anticipated impact of COVID, and this has not changed. In addition, during the quarter, we also received State Department approval for the future sale of 3 E-2D Advanced Hawkeyes and related equipment to France, opening the door to a future award opportunity. And Australia committed to the purchase of 3 Triton air vehicles.  
With the B-21, as Air Force public statements indicate, we continue to make good progress. And the Air Force currently expects B-21s to move into low rate production following key development milestones scheduled to complete in 2022.  
We are also pleased by the policy changes announced last week regarding the export of unmanned aerial systems. It is critical for our national security that our export policies continue to keep pace with the rapid evolution of technology and support collaboration with our allies.  
At the half point of the year, we're encouraged that despite the challenge of the pandemic, our team is delivering strong operational results. As we think about our full year guidance, we are assuming that our team's productivity as well as the operations of our customers and suppliers remains at or near current levels. Our update to guidance incorporates the strength of year-to-date results, our current assumptions regarding the continuing pandemic risks and their impact on us and an expectation that demand for our defense products and services remains strong.  
Given that context, we are raising 2020 sales, EPS and free cash flow guidance. Based on our current assumptions, we now expect sales will increase to between $35.3 billion and $35.6 billion, and EPS will range between $22 and $22.40. And we are increasing guidance for 2020 free cash flow to a range of $3.15 billion and $3.55 billion after capital spending of approximately $1.35 billion. We are maintaining our guidance for segment operating margin rate at 11.3% to 11.5%. And Dave will discuss each of these items in more detail.  
Turning to the U.S. budget environment. We expect to see continued strong bipartisan support for national security. Even under scenarios of flattening or slightly declining defense budgets, we believe our portfolio will remain well aligned to our customers' highest priority investments. Defense spending is largely threat driven, and the threat environment warrants a strong defense. Despite fiscal pressures, emerging threats are intensifying, and we believe both political parties are focused on effectively countering these emerging threats.  We saw demonstrated bipartisan support for defense spending in the recent House vote to pass the NDAA.  
Before I close, I want to highlight that in 2020, Northrop Grumman was once again recognized as a Top 50 company for diversity. We are committed to equality, diversity and inclusion, not only in Northrop Grumman, but in our supply chain and communities. Our strong performance is enabled by the diversity of our team, which continues to expand. We have hired 8,000 new employees in the first half of the year, and we expect to hire more than 12,000 by year-end. Through their second quarter performance, our team of dedicated men and women in partnerships with their suppliers and customers demonstrated their commitment to national security and human advancement. While future impacts of the pandemic remain uncertain, we have a robust pipeline of opportunities, and we are strengthening our foundation for growth.  
Despite the challenges that COVID-19 has presented for every business and individual, the Northrop Grumman team remains committed to the safety and well-being of our people, investing for the future, delivering value to our shareholders and meeting our commitments to our customers and all of our stakeholders.  
So now I'll turn it over to Dave.

Yes, Ron, thanks. We still expect that the Air Force will meet its schedule of making the award for the EMD phase of the program in late August of this year. And we are in the process of discussions with them to meet that objective.

So Peter, as we think about the margins for Space, you're hitting on the right points. The mix will be the biggest driver of margins rate over time. But we do expect to see significant growth in that segment. So margin dollar expansion, we're expecting to be quite solid. But on the rate itself, as you noted, as we see that mix already a heavy preponderance toward cost-type contracts and then adding GBSD, which will also be a cost-type program for the EMD phase, for quite a while, we will have mix that lends itself to a lower margin rate than what we would experience if we had a higher volume of that business in production. But many of the programs in that business will move to production sooner than GBSD. So GBSD is one of the longest cycle of the programs in that portfolio. It will be an EMD for -- through 2029. But with other programs that we are booking into Space, as you've seen, our bookings grow quite nicely, will transition to production in a shorter period of time. So we'll see that mix certainly evolve in the near term. But over the long term, we will still have a considerable amount of cost-plus business in that portfolio.

So as we think about Aero on a go-forward basis, I would point to our year-to-date growth of about 4% in that business, which is in line with what we had expected for the year and what we're guiding. And although we're not guiding into next year at this point, we tell you the longer-term trajectory for that business is that it won't be one of our fastest growing segments. We've seen a good bit of that portfolio begin to shift also to cost-type work that grew significantly and now it's leveling out. And production also on our key programs, there is more at a steady state. So the fastest-growing segments in our portfolio, certainly, the Space, but Aero will be a nice contributor to the portfolio in terms of the stable and steady programs that are large contributors not only to growth but solid margin rate performance.

Thanks, Jon. Yes, as our backlog is growing quite nicely, we see that providing a strong foundation for growth. We also are encouraged by our portfolio's alignment with the priorities in the national defense strategy. And I would tell you that goes beyond the defense strategy as it's written today. It really is the look at our portfolio compared to the threats that our nation and our allies are facing. And we certainly see Space as a domain where there will continue to be evolution of capability to address increasingly advanced threats from other nations and just the respect for Space as a domain that now can offer much more war-fighting capability to our nation and its allies. That's one example, but I could give you the same as we talk about weapons and the evolution of weapon systems or the importance of networking, all of these war-fighting assets for advanced command and control. 
And so that type of alignment of our portfolio says that if the threat continues to evolve in the way that it is today, there would be durability in our ability to continue to grow. And I'd point to one other thing, which is the innovation that we are driving as a company that addresses some of the nation's most critical threats and is allowing us to win the work that you're showing -- that you're seeing show up in our bookings. That innovation is, as Dave alluded to, targeted investments that we're making in our R&D and our CapEx to be able to demonstrate for our customers the maturity of technology to address these evolving threats. And I'm quite proud of how our team is doing that. And it will be an increasingly part of the -- increasing part of the selection process that the government uses to determine the partners they will work with on a go-forward basis. So those 3 elements of how we're executing gives me confidence that this business can continue to thrive even in a flat or slightly declining budget environment if, and I think the primary if is the threat vector continues to be aligned with what it is today. And we expect that to be the case.

Doug, this is Kathy. The F-35 program will continue to be a really important part of our portfolio. We are involved in all 3 stages of the life cycle on the program. And I would characterize those as production, modernization and sustainment. And for production, as we've noted before, we tend to run about 18 months ahead of Lockheed Martin in delivering a center fuselage and ahead also in the delivery of Mission Systems. So we will reach peak production sooner than Lockheed. But if you look at the quantities that they're projecting, we don't reach peak for a while on that program. 
Modernization is interesting in that for the Mission Systems, we actually will go back to retrofitting old platforms. So the production volume there, once we get through the development stage of the upgrade programs, will increase production once again in Mission Systems. And then, of course, in sustainment, we're seeing that part of the portfolio grow as we get more aircraft fielded. And that's not just in the U.S., but as our global partners are also taking possession of the aircraft. So each of the stages of the program presents opportunity for us in the near term. In the longer term, it's the modernization and sustainment stages that will support growth.

So yes, it's true that I chose not to sign on to the letters. I want to make it clear, though, that we are supportive of a strong national defense and recognize that funds need to be appropriated to support that objective, and we are directly engaged in supporting that cause. However, we did see that our impacts from COVID were less significant than we are seeing projected elsewhere. And therefore, we have continued to focus on that very issue, making these impacts as small as possible so that we are not in a position where we have an additional bill for taxpayers to get capability delivered. And we'll continue to be focused on that as our primary objective. And that includes everything from keeping our workplaces safe so that our employees can continue to come to work and feel that they can be productive. It's continuing to partner with our suppliers to ensure they have what they need to continue operating effectively and continue to work with our customers to be innovative in how we continue to get work done, even in light of constraints in how we would normally conduct operations. And I would say on all fronts, our team has been both innovative as well as strong partners to our teammates and customers to be able to navigate their way through, and that's allowed us to have this lesser impacts than we anticipated as we sat here a quarter ago.

So I'll start, and then Dave can walk you through some of the details. As we look forward into 2021, there's nothing additional that we haven't already spoken about that present significant headwinds that we know of as we sit here today. The 3 things that I would point you to, and then Dave can walk you through them, is Lake City, as you said. The James Webb Space Telescope will launch next year, and so we have expected the volume to continue to decline as we near completion on that satellite. You may have noticed that the date of the launch moved slightly next year from March to October based on some COVID-related impacts. That program is in final integration and test. And as a result, there are a number of observers from NASA, and the testing was impacted slightly by people's inability to travel and work full shift during COVID. So we did see a slight movement there in schedule, but we do still anticipate it to launch next year. And as a result, that program will continue to decline in year-over-year sales. 
And then the third thing that I would point you to that we've spoken about on prior calls are some headwinds in the HALE portfolio with both Triton and Global Hawk. And as we work through this year's budget, we are -- we'll get better clarification on what those headwinds might be. They don't present risk in 2020. But as we look forward into 2021, they could start to present some headwinds. So Dave, anything you'd like to add on any of those 3 or anything additional?

Sure. Let me start with our Mission Extension Vehicle. As some of you may recall, we returned a customer satellite, Intelsat 901, to service in April of this year. And it was the first docking of a life extension vehicle to an active satellite ever accomplished, and I'm very proud of the team for that first of a kind. It's opening up a whole new set of opportunities in mission extension. And under the terms of that contract, we are going to be working with this through SpaceLogistics for 5 years to provide those services. At the same time, we have been working on our second Mission Extension Vehicle, and it has arrived at its launch site in French Guiana, and we actually expect that launch to occur in the next few days. And then MEV 2 will dock with another Intelsat satellite to provide life extension services for it, that docking should occur in early 2021. And this just gives you a little color on what's happening on the program. 
But to the broader point, this is a market area that we are pioneering first in commercial and the application of it also into military-grade satellites as the future holds. And this is something that our Orbital ATK team had started, but as we have integrated into Northrop Grumman, has continued, and we're leveraging the expertise and experience of the whole team as we look at this future set of opportunity. 
You also asked about F-35. Really, I would not provide any additional color or guidance. As we do 2021 guidance, we'll share some more insight into what we plan for the 3 components of the program that I spoke about, production, sustainment and modernization. I would say that each of those 3 pieces of the program and in the 2 sectors, the 2 sectors that primarily support the program, AS and MS, there are a number of moving parts on those assumptions due to COVID-19 impact. We're working very closely with Lockheed Martin to understand what those quantities are, and we'll be able to provide you more insights as we guide for 2021.

Sure. So the large award in restricted space is indeed driven by a single award, and it is quite significant. I can't provide any color on what it is. But suffice it to say, this is a long-term program as a result of the size of the effort. 
And in answer to your second question on National Security Space Launch, we are expecting that award to come later this quarter. And we have been progressing, as you know, to prepare our OmegA rocket for the requirements of the award, which would be to launch next year in 2021. We are on track. We would be able to meet those requirements through our offering. And if we are not successful, we would continue to leverage that investment that we and the Air Force have made through the first 2 phases of the program into other propulsion activities in our GMV business. So this is a area that we, like many, selected to make this investment not only for the potential of a single contract award it represented in National Security Space Launch, but because it was a way to share research and development investment across a product line that we can now utilize for other endeavors.

So Rob, it depends on the contract on any given manned aircraft as to whether those first production units are incorporated into what's already been negotiated or whether they are indeed part of a new contract. And so if they were contracted as part of the initial award, you would not expect to see the booking rate change because their costs for development would already be incorporated into the booking rate of that effort.

Well, look, I'm really comfortable with our guide, which is approximately $8 billion. I believe I just said -- yes.

Yes, low $8 billion. And so if you take first half revenue, you get to a number of just slightly below $8 billion. So to your point, there is some growth that needs to occur in the second half. But as I said, we're very comfortable with the guide, and that growth is reasonable based on what we know today.

So we think about any new development program through a couple of lens. One, do we have a capability that we can offer a value to the government; and two, should we prime the effort or should we partner with the effort. And with our business and the opportunity for us to do work both on the platform itself and to the mission systems, we sometimes make those decisions together and sometimes make them separately. I would say for Digital Century Series, because of the way it's developing and it's meant to be incremental and rapid, we continue to look at each increment and make the determination of where we can best add value. So both our Mission Systems and our Aeronautics sector are engaged in meaningful dialogue with the Air Force on the program and have work associated with the effort, but these increments will each represent different opportunities based on the requirements and whether we would play as a prime at the platform level or as primarily a mission systems provider.

Thanks, Todd. I'm going to conclude by thanking the Northrop Grumman team for their dedication and perseverance, which has enabled us to continue to operate so well during this global pandemic. It's taken innovation, partnership with our suppliers and customers, and just sheer determination. And I'm really proud of what they have accomplished this quarter and expect it will continue. 
I want to wish you and your families continued good health. And thanks for joining us on the call today. I really look forward to engaging with you in the weeks and months ahead. Take care.