Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before turning to our quarterly earnings, I'd like to address the COVID-19 impact. I want to thank those who have been working to keep us safe, particularly those on the frontlines in the health care and first responder communities. I also want to thank our Northrop Grumman employees. While each of us face these unique challenges, our team's dedication to the mission is allowing us to continue providing products and services to our customers. 
Our first priority is protecting the health, safety and well-being of our team. We are requiring telecommuting for those who can do so, and we've enhanced the safety of workspaces for those who must come to work in person. Our facilities remain open. And we are taking extraordinary measures in an effort to maintain healthy working conditions. These include implementing staggered shifts, health monitoring, social distancing, face coverings and more robust cleaning. 
In addition, we've expanded employee benefits and well-being programs. We are also supporting our suppliers with a particular focus on our small and midsized business partners. We are advancing approximately 30 million of payments per week to critical small and midsized suppliers, and we expect these payment advances will exceed $200 million. 
In addition, with the actions taken by the Department of Defense to increase progress payments, we are flowing that full supplier benefit to our suppliers in a timely fashion. While we've not had a material supply chain disruption, some are being impacted more than others, and our global supply chain team continues to actively engage with our suppliers to address issues and find new opportunities to help them. 
And we are supporting our local community. We are donating to organizations involved in COVID-19 relief efforts, supporting frontline health care workers, first responders and service members, providing funds to food banks and helping students get access to technology for virtual learning. We're also providing in-kind donation. One example is a company-wide initiative to produce headbands and assemble thousands of face shields for hospitals. 
Turning to first quarter performance. As a result of our employees' efforts, our company did not experience a material operating impact from the pandemic in the first quarter. We delivered a good operating quarter with 5% sales growth, solid operating margin and a strong backlog. 
Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we are adjusting our guidance to reflect our estimate of the pandemic's impact as we understand it today. We are updating our 2020 guidance for sales to between $35 billion and $35.4 billion, a little less than 1% lower than prior guidance at the midpoint. Our update to sales guidance reflects expected COVID-19-related impacts, primarily at Aeronautics, including their exposure to commercial aerospace markets. 
We are maintaining our guidance for segment operating margin rate, and we continue to expect our segment operating margin will range between 11.3% and 11.5%. Although we now expect a margin rate of approximately 10% at AS, this is being offset by an increase in Mission Systems' outlook. We now expect Mission Systems will have a low to mid 14% margin rate. So as a result to the revenue impact, first quarter marketable securities impact and interest related to the first quarter bond offering, we now expect our EPS will range between $21.80 and $22.20. And Dave will discuss each of these items in more detail. 
Cash from operations and free cash flow were negative in the quarter as is our typical pattern. We continue to expect 2020 free cash flow will range between $3.15 billion and $3.45 billion, after capital spending of approximately $1.35 billion. With additional measures in place to help protect our employees, we continue to execute on our programs. And I want to highlight a few of our quarter's achievements. 
At Aeronautics, through the end of the first quarter, we have delivered 656 F-35s at our fuselages. AS delivered 2 E-2D Advanced Hawkeyes to Japan in mid-March and 2 Global Hawks to the Republic of Korea shortly after the end of the quarter. And our MQ-4C Triton was deployed to U.S. military commanders in the Pacific to provide greater maritime intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance. 
At Defense Systems, we completed the critical design review for the EMD phase of AARGM-ER. The program remains on track with a successful CDR and initial testing of subsystems, including the new extended range rocket motor. In addition, DS supported the CDC's COVID-19 response effort by creating over 400 web pages in 3 languages that have received over 900 million page views providing important information about the pandemic spread. 
At Mission Systems, our SABR radar upgrade program for F-16s continues to expand. SABR now has production contracts for approximately 670 systems across multiple customers. The Air Force recently exercised an option for 105 radars under their $1 billion SABR ID/IQ contract. This order included 33 radars for air combat command jets, which establishes SABR as the system of record for the active Air Force. 
And in February, the Marine Corps ordered 2 additional G/ATOR systems to complete their Lot 2 award. G/ATOR replaces 5 legacy systems with a single system, providing significant performance improvement in each of its modes while reducing training, logistics and maintenance costs. 
At Space Systems, we were awarded 2 small but strategically significant DARPA contracts. The first is Glide Breaker, an R&D and demonstration program to develop components for a lightweight interceptor to defeat hypersonic boost glide weapons at very long range. We previously discussed the successful docking of our first mission extension vehicle to the Intelsat 901 spacecraft. This marked the first time 2 commercial satellites docked in-orbit and the first time that satellite -- life extension services are being provided to a satellite in geosynchronous orbit. This accomplishment laid the groundwork for the second DARPA award, which establishes a partnership between DARPA and Northrop Grumman for the next-generation of remote servicing of geosynchronous satellites. 
Under the agreement, DARPA will provide an advanced robotic payload to integrate with the Northrop Grumman provided spacecraft. This disruptive technology could significantly expand on orbit-servicing capability to include robotics services. Under the agreement, we will retain the spacecraft, payload and IP for commercial use. 
In the quarter, Space Systems was also awarded restricted competitive prime contracts totaling multiple billions of dollars in aggregate. 
While we and the nation are keenly focused on defeating COVID-19, we must also continue to address a myriad of other national security threats. Our portfolio and investments continue to be closely aligned with the national defense strategy and our customers' long-term priorities. This is evident in the President's budget request for fiscal year 2021, which proposes increased funding for strategic deterrence, hypersonic weapons, missile defense, advanced networks, cyber and space systems. 
The Department of Defense, our primary customer is seeking robust fiscal 2021 funding, which will be the subject of congressional debate later this year. The DoD budget request supports investments in our current capabilities, including B-21, SABR, E-2D, advanced weapons, OPIR and other space programs. While also increasing funding for future opportunities aligned with our investments, including GBSD, FAAD C2 and missile defense program like IBCS and next-generation interceptor. 
Turning to capital deployment. First quarter share repurchases total approximately $350 million, and we retired approximately 1 million shares. In April, under an established repurchase program, we bought approximately 400,000 shares for $130 million. Combining first quarter repurchases with April amounts, we have met our approximate target for the year. We remain committed to offering a competitive dividend. In addition, deleveraging the balance sheet remains a priority, and we expect to retire the $1 billion in maturing debt this fall. 
In closing, we remain well-positioned to create value going forward. We are fortunate that through the first quarter, our operations have not been materially disrupted. While future impacts of the pandemic remain uncertain, we have a robust pipeline of opportunity, including GBSD, which continues on track for an award later this year. We also continue to lay the foundation for the future. We are actively recruiting for 10,000 open positions, and we hired more than 3,500 people in the first quarter, which included more than 1,300 new hires in March. 
We appreciate the government's actions to support the industry's most vulnerable businesses, including increasing progress payments, COVID-related cost recovery through the CARES Act, accelerated and timely awards and support for essential work designation. 
Despite the challenges that COVID-19 has presented for every business and individual, through the dedication of our talented workforce, we remain committed to investing for the future, delivering value to our shareholders and meeting our commitments to our customers and all of our stakeholders. 
Now I'll turn it over to Dave.

So Rob, yes, we are working with the Air Force and negotiating the contract now. And we are prepared through actions we've been taking to move if the Air Force is able to accelerate this award. But it would be a modest acceleration we anticipate. The award was already planned for third quarter of this year. And what we see is that it would likely be only a month or 2 of acceleration, if acceleration happens. So we don't expect that to have a material impact on 2020, but certainly getting started more quickly derisks the program to some extent and allows us to be more confident in meeting those milestones along the path to the 2029 IOC date for the program.

Well, certainly, Jon, we see the demand for our products remaining strong. And that's primarily driven by the threat environment. And I noted a few areas where there we are seeing the Presidential budget for '21 reflect significant increases, areas like space, missile defense, hypersonics and other advanced weapons. And so those areas we expect to continue to be in focus as well as the deterrent strategy of our nation, which depends on the triad and has obviously modernization happening across all 3 legs of the triad. So those areas are going to continue to be areas of both strength in our portfolio, but areas of importance as we look at demand, near and long term. 
We are very pleased to be supporting the government in other areas that has become increasingly important in dealing with the pandemic. I noted the work that we're doing currently for the CDC, and we're very proud of that work. We've been doing that for a number of years. And while it has been relevant previously, it's never been as relevant as it is today and the amount of information that we're able to share around the globe to help people make informed decisions about this pandemic spread and how to reduce the spread is certainly something that we'll continue to do and work that we're very proud of.

Thanks, Rob. So we are overall pleased with the '21 budget request. As I noted in the previous question, there are areas of significant budget increase that are well-aligned with our priorities and certainly, we were pleased to see that. We also have a number of programs that are well-supported in the budget. I noted a few of those in my opening comments, areas like SABR, E-2D, certainly F-35 continues to be well supported as well. As we look at areas where we saw some pertubation on our programs, Triton being an example, what we see in the budget request is the pause in production with the intent of putting resources toward R&D on a new sensor. And we had anticipated that. So it will be somewhat of an offset to the production pause, the work that we'll do in the R&D. We also have the sale in Triton, which will provide some quantity that bridge the U.S. production pause as well. And of course, we continue to work with Congress as they deliberate on the budget to determine if we can get those 2 aircraft added back. So those are some of the actions that we're taking with Triton. But we do see that it is not just a production pause. This is a continued commitment to the program and investment in additional sensors to make the program and the Hill platform more robust.

Yes, thank you, Peter. As I mentioned, our supply chain management team has been very active in monitoring our supply chain for risks and mitigation strategies that can counter those risks. We have not seen significant disruption to this point, but every supplier has unique circumstances. With some, we have worked to enable them to continue operations by sharing best practices for social distancing and other safety protocols. With others, we have advanced payment to help with liquidity concerns as I noted in my script. And then in addition, we have continued to monitor for disruption in the supply chain to our production lines. We've seen a few modest impacts at this point in time, nothing that is causing us considerable program interruption. But we -- as I said, the Q2 impact is where we expect to see the most significant so we're not through the disruption at this point in time. But we are seeing positive trends, both in our own facilities and with our suppliers. We are starting to see absenteeism reduce and more people coming to work in the production facilities. We are seeing small businesses that had to pause operations for a short period of time resuming their operations. And so I would say that the trajectory is positive but we still have uncertainty ahead.

Sheila, thank you for your question. We do see restricted continuing to grow faster than the remainder of our business. And in the first quarter, as just an indicator, we saw 1.3 book-to-bill in our restricted portfolio. This was largely driven by Space awards. As you know, we have significant restricted work across the portfolio. We've in the past talked a good deal about the Aeronautics-restricted business. But Space is also growing rapidly as is Mission Systems. And so it really is widespread that we are seeing that restricted growth. And we anticipate that continuing. As we look forward at opportunities that we have for the remainder of the year as well as programs in the portfolio today and their growth rate, we anticipate that share of restricted business to continue to grow. It's up to about 28% now. And as we have previously said, we expect that to go even higher.

So David, I'll start on the question about commercial aero. Our commercial aero work is actually spread over 3 different efforts, the largest of which is the A350. And we are expecting impact across all of those efforts. And we will begin to see that in Q2 but it will persist. It's largely driven by the demand in commercial aero. And so that is why, in particular, Aeronautics sector is contributing to the slight decline that we have in our revenue guide for the year. 
In response to your question about GBSD and the ramp, we expect that to be a gradual ramp as is the case when you start a EMD contract, the engineering phase tends to be very labor-driven. And so we will be adding headcount and rising activity over the next several years. And we wouldn't see a peak in that program for a while. I'm not going to specifically address the part of the question about when it becomes larger than B-21. I know what you're trying to do there, getting us to disclose a little bit more information on B-21 than I can do. But certainly, GBSD will be a significant program in our portfolio as will B-21.

Yes. So -- and we continue to be excited about that opportunity. And as I noted, this award from DARPA that we received in the first quarter now will add capability to what we can do with the servicing mission. So at this point, we are able to do life extension as we are doing on the Intelsat 901 satellite with our first operation. But the robotic servicing will allow us to provide other servicing functionality. So it opens up the market in that regard and clearly is an indicator that we would be able to service, not only commercial, but potentially government satellites as well. So when we look at the market, we are bullish but cautious in that this is the first of a kind. And we want to continue to march through milestones of succession that would lead us to believe that we can accomplish this much broader set of servicing missions. But certainly life extension servicing, which we have already accomplished with the Intelsat satellite, is something we feel comfortable, will be a robust and growing market for us.

So Doug, certainly, with the integration that we're doing, we have already met our cost targets for the integration of Orbital ATK. And the next logical step that we took at the beginning of this year was realigning the sector structure. We see continued opportunity for cost reduction through the new sector alignment, and that is a clear objective that we had for doing the realignment at the beginning of this year, one of the other. And I would say, the more important is the ability to capture the revenue synergy and successfully execute on those programs. So that was the primary reason why we did the new sector alignment but certainly cost reduction was also a part of our objective for the team. And I'm pleased with the progress that we're making there. As a matter of fact, as we look at this year, we have some increased COVID-19-related costs, as any company does as we do more of the safety protocols, cleaning, social distancing. And we fully expect as we said in our guidance, that we can offset those through other cost reduction measures that we anticipate taking this year. So we are looking ahead and believe that, not only the sector realignment, but actions that we will continue to take as the sectors operate in this new structure will allow us some cost reduction opportunity. Dave, anything else you'd like to add?

Thanks, Myles. So as we look at our hiring, we have a number of open positions, both to support existing business but also anticipation of future awards. So I would tell you that we only do that hiring if we indeed get those awards as we look forward. So open positions are not necessarily a direct correlation to the number of hires that we'll ultimately make. And as we look at this year, in particular, we go into a year with an assumption around attrition. So that gets us to net heads. And the labor market was very tight at the beginning of this year. As we are working through the last 2 months, we're seeing that attrition is dropping, as you might expect, as other opportunities are becoming more scarce. And so we are in the process of looking at what that may present as both challenge and opportunity for us going forward. And so we are actively working on hiring and being very successful in hiring, as I noted. Still, even as we were dealing with the challenges of the pandemic in March, we saw 1,300 plus hires, and April continues to also be strong. We've moved virtual, as you might expect, to accommodate most of that hiring. And so as we look forward, the net heads, I wouldn't put a number on it but we do expect significant headcount growth this year because of the program volume increases that we have, the sales growth as well as the anticipated awards in the latter half of this year.

Thanks, Carter. Yes, a significant portion of that hiring is for cleared personnel. We don't always hire an individual who is already cleared. We have other opportunities that we're able to put people on while they await their clearance. And we've also seen the department take actions that have accelerated clearance processing. And those have been very helpful. We still obviously have a waiting period for those individuals but it is getting shorter through the actions that the government is taking. And so what we do is we do both hiring of individuals who already have clearance directly onto those restricted programs as well as pipelining through our unclassified work with the intention of moving those individuals on restricted programs once their clearance come through. And we've been doing that for years, and it's worked well for us. It's not something that's driving an inordinate amount of increased cost to our business because we have this portfolio that has so much, both unclassified and classified work. And I'll note that classification is relative, too. There are different levels of clearances required, and so people can step through those clearance levels as well.

So Cai, in terms of backlog for the year, we still anticipate it to be above 1 even without GBSD. Clearly in GBSD, we expect to be a sizable award if we receive it and so that would drive book-to-bill well above 1. If we look at the first quarter, we did have less than 1 book-to-bill, but we had anticipated that as you said and it signals that we expected most of our significant awards to happen later in the year. We did have the large Space restricted awards that we noted. And while we can't provide any detail about what they are, who they're for or the value of them, they were ones that we had been working for a period of time and did anticipate getting but they were competitive. So we clearly had factored them to some extent in our plans for the year, and we're very pleased to be selected and awarded those contracts this quarter.

And Noah, on your question about the longer-term and where we think AS margins can go, certainly all things being equal, we expect 3 to 5 years out to have a higher production mix than we have today because we have some significant development programs in Aeronautics as we sit here today. And that would naturally create opportunity for margin improvement during that period.

So George, I wouldn't want to try to predict a quarter at which point we would see an inflection compared to peers because I don't have the insight into our peers. I do feel like we've performed well relative to the market. We have increased our competitive win rate, and that's a strong indicator of performance in the competitive marketplace. We have also shown significant improvement in our backlog, and we're pleased with where it sits and also have a number of opportunities that we've outlined to build that backlog this year and we anticipate doing so. So what I really focus on is looking forward, how are we positioned regardless of what defense budgets do in this country and around the globe? Do we have a portfolio that's well-aligned to the highest growth areas? And the answer to that is, yes, as we sit here today, and we believe we'll continue to be. Areas of exposure like the strategic deterrent program that, in the case of B-21, we've already captured. In the case of GBSD, we anticipate being awarded later this year. In the case of Space, which is the fastest-growing in the President's '21 budget for this year, we certainly have good exposure with hypersonics and other advanced weapons now in the portfolio and expect that we can continue to grow off of what is today a small base, but an area where we expect to have significant demand. And we believe those areas of demand will be key regardless of what the top line budget looks like because they're based on the advancement of our adversary's capabilities and the threats that they impose. So based on that, we feel positive about how our portfolio is positioned for growth. And we anticipate that we can continue to create strong shareholder value through that growth, successful execution and turning that into earnings.

Yes, Ron, we have seen the impact of the increase in progress payments to 90% that the department has offered. And we are flowing that full supplier benefit down to our suppliers in a timely fashion. And as I noted earlier in my comments, in addition to that, we are also doing some advances for suppliers paying in advance because we want to help them with the challenges they are having, particularly those suppliers that straddle both defense programs and commercial aerospace programs. And so we believe that our suppliers are well supported by us today. But we monitor that on a daily basis because it's an evolving situation for them, particularly those that are exposed on that demand side to the commercial aero market.

Thanks, Todd. 
Well, I'm very pleased to have Dave on our team and helping to lead through the challenges of the pandemic. We and the entire Northrop Grumman team remain resolute in managing through these challenges and being well positioned for the future. 
We look forward to speaking with you again in July. And until then, please stay well.