Thanks, Steve. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. 2018 is off to a good start with all 3 of our businesses delivering solid results. We continue to strengthen our company's foundation for long-term profitable growth, and I want to thank the entire team for their continued focus on sustainable performance.
First quarter sales grew 5% over last year's first quarter, driven by higher Manned Aircraft volume at Aerospace Systems and higher Sensors and Processing volume at Mission Systems. We're very pleased that our focus on program performance continues to demonstrate that we can grow segment operating income dollars as we both ramp up on early phase development programs and implement volume increases on several production programs.
Net earnings and diluted EPS each increased 14% in the quarter, driven by sales and segment operating income growth and improvement in other items, particularly pension and taxes, which more than offset additional net interest expense. Based on the strength of this quarter's results, we're increasing our full year 2018 earnings per share guidance to a range of $15.40 to $15.65. This guidance, of course, excludes the pending acquisition of Orbital ATK, which we continue to expect to close in the first half of the year. We're very excited about the opportunity to bring together the capabilities of Northrop Grumman and Orbital ATK to offer new innovative capabilities to our customer community. Kathy will provide more information on the status of the acquisition.
For cash, our typical first quarter pattern is a use of funds but we're pleased that this quarter, cash from operations showed about a $200 million improvement over last year's first quarter. Capital spending during the quarter reflects our continued investment in support of long-term profitable growth and affordability for our customers. We continue to expect capital expenditures will be approximately $1 billion in 2018, and free cash flow will range between $2 billion to $2.3 billion.
Our capital deployment strategy continues to call for investing in the business, managing the balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our strong cash generation continues to allow us to strengthen our foundation for long-term profitable growth as we invest capital to expand our workforce, ramp up on large new programs and pursue new business opportunities.
At the same time, we remain focused on a strong balance sheet with some near-term debt reduction and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We've previously announced an off-cycle 10% dividend increase in January, which was paid in March. We will consider the dividend again in May as is our typical pattern. We did not repurchase any shares in the first quarter as we are continuing to pause our share repurchase program during the Orbital ATK transaction process.
Before I turn the call over to Kathy, I'd note that we're pleased that the Bipartisan budget agreement provided for a significant increase in fiscal year 2018 defense appropriations, established the fiscal year 2019 top line for national security at $716 billion and extended the debt ceiling expiration until March 2019. These actions should provide our customers a more stable near-term funding environment in which to execute their important missions.
Now I'll turn the call over to Kathy for an update on the pending Orbital ATK transaction as well as some operational highlights. Kathy?

And I would just add, just as we think about those out years, to a large extent, it also depends on the degree to which we are successful in capturing new business. If we find ourselves in the fortunate position of being very, very successful, that may require further additional investments over time. So we'll simply have to give you those updates as we get more information and have more insight on what our actual capture success turns out to be.

Yes, your question is right on the mark and really goes to a big part of the reason that we are so excited about the pending transaction. It's a very complementary match in terms of what the 2 companies today do in space. As you know, Northrop tends to focus on the more -- the larger systems that have a set of mission applications that tend -- is attendant with that class of platform, whereas Orbital ATK has demonstrated a very, very significant capability in the small and medium size and I would say more agile class of spacecraft. And if you think about what is happening in the space environment today, we are clearly moving into an arena where we need a mix of those capabilities to address the set of missions that we need to address, particularly given the contested environment that is not only the future of space, it is the today of space. It's on us already. So if you think architecturally about the capabilities that are needed to both address the threat that we have in space and to do the mission that we want to conduct in space, those architectures are inherently a blend of those classes of capabilities. So our ability to bring to the customer set a full range of offering will be significantly enhanced with this coming together of the companies because as I said, it's very complementary. So it's sort of a very much of an opportunity to create, we believe, significant revenue synergy as we go forward by having that full set of capabilities available to us to make offerings to our customers.

Yes. Kathy, why don't you address that for us?

I would just add, Seth, that when we think about the mix of things on F-35, there's a wide array of activities that we perform. And they each have their own sort of unique business arrangements and business profile. And we continue to be very optimistic and are positive on F-35 as an important part of our business. We're delighted with the approach that we've been able to bring to, as Kathy pointed out, very high quality and on-time delivery of all of our elements. We're delighted to be taking on additional work through the sustainment activities that are in front of us on F-35. So F-35 is a very, very important program to us. The partnership is very, very important to us. But as Kathy points out, we do take a look at every aspect of our portfolio from a business case opportunity and -- in a broad sense and make very discreet decisions on those. But I would not want you to -- and I wasn't quite sure where you were going with your question -- would not want you to see that particular decision as somehow a reflection of our view of the F-35 program. We're very positive on that program, see it as absolutely critical to the future security of the nation and our allies and we're big supporters, as you know, of F-35.

Hunter, let me just sort of say broadly, and I will not get into any specifics on that class of future activity. But broadly, as our nation looks at the set of things that we're going to need to be able to provide our military to ensure that we continue to have technological superiority, this is going to be an important effort. We clearly have very significant capabilities that will be supportive of that effort. And we intend to be engaged in this in a very serious way. So the details of all of this will be emerging over time, not again something that I can say anything in particular about today. But I see it as a very positive reflection of the department's serious intent to ensure that we as a nation are doing the right things to maintain technological superiority. So I'm really happy to see the support for it, and we, of course, will be engaged.

Doug, one thing I would add is it's pretty clear that this administration is intent on addressing the modernization issues. And consequently, I do believe that they are going to work hard to get some of these new activities underway here over the next couple of years in particular. And the natural question will be, as to your point about balance or mix between development and production, will be the timing, the advent of additional new development work versus transition to production. So there's a little bit of uncertainty as to the exact time line for the onset of some of these really big additional new development activities and how that will phase with transitions of current development activities into production. But just from a broad strategy perspective, it's going to be important to us to be successful in the capture of those key development activities that we're focused on. And to the extent that it happens sooner, then some of the current development activity transitions into production, that could put additional pressure if that were the case for some limited period of time as we experience the transition to production of other activities. So it's hard to call it right now because there is that variable of the timing of these new development activities. But we are intently pursuing them, and we will be very focused on supporting the customer in terms of the startup of those efforts as quickly as they desire to get them on contract.

Rob, I would just say broadly that we do see a trend in the direction of additional restricted activities. I think it is a reflection of the security environment that we are all operating in these days, the growing understanding that to drive technological superiority means that you actually need to keep a number of important aspects of activities classified. And it's a little bit of Back to the Future in some respects in that way. So I do expect that there will be a continuing trend in that direction. And how much, what percentage it is, it's not something that we go into detail on. But it will make it even a stronger focus of ours, trying to ensure that we're providing good and adequate information to the investment community to understand the nature of our business. But I do see that as a longer-term trend.

Thank you, Cai. Just broadly, the GPS decision had absolutely nothing to do with anything else going on in the space portfolio other than a relative comparison of the attractiveness of the different opportunities that we're pursuing there and a look at where it makes the most sense for us to invest our resources to pursue those opportunities. And so we don't -- we see actually quite a good array relative to the earlier comments that I had when Ron asked the question about the space environment. So again, it's how do individual opportunities stack up relative to our other opportunities and what's the best use of our resources to go and pursue those and to support the customer community. It is not unheard for an incumbency position, if you will, to take a different view of the next step of any activity. To some extent, the experience that we had on X-47B, everyone thought, "Well, we're a shoe-in on MQ-25, why don't we just go do that?" And when we looked at that deal, we said, "I don't think so." So we look at each and every one of these opportunities and test them aggressively to see, is this something that merits our investment, merits the application of our broad set of resources, and are we really going to be investing them in a wise way to pursue them. And that's how we conduct our business. It's how we're going to continue to conduct our business. I think it served us very well over the years. There have been programs where we were the apparent winner and then the terms and conditions changed and we decided not to pursue them. And I think in general, those decisions have been good decisions for our company. So these, we put into that category. And I really appreciate the discipline within our organization in making those decisions. And the work that Kathy has been doing with our sector teams to really sort through the portfolio and make those important decisions, I think, is going exceptionally well for us.

I won't get into the details of any individual bid decision that we're making. We look at all of those things and the list of things that we assess would include the items you listed plus quite a few others. And again, it has to stack up relative to the other things that we're looking at.

Yes, Sam, I appreciate the question and maybe I'll just take your question as an opportunity to reflect a little bit more broadly on kind of what we're seeing from a budgetary perspective and where I see things going over time. Yes, I really do think we are at an inflection point, in many ways, in our military history if you would. If you look back over the last 1.5 decades, we've kind of had 3 big things going on that have put us in a position today where we really would rather not be. On one hand, we spend a lot of our treasure and our capacity in dealing with the violent extremist organizations around the globe. Very appropriately, we had to do that but during that period, there were -- there was something happening around the globe that's really important to understand. There was a very rapid globalization of technology and innovation hubs that created capabilities in other parts of the world that really weren't there if you turn the clock back into the 1990s. And then sort of partway through that time frame, we threw ourselves a curveball and we self-imposed these tight constraints in our ability to invest in ourselves when we enacted the Budget Control Act as a nation. So all those things together really created a major opening for our competitors to contest the U.S. military primacy and contest it across a lot of different domains. And from my perspective, I think our competitors took full advantage of that opening. The -- those who might be adversaries in the future looked at that as a real opportunity. So if you add all that up and think about where we are today, we sort of have this major deficit of capability. And as we think about that as an inflection point, I think it's clear that we're just going to have to invest in some very significant military modernization. So I think you have to look at this across these issues of the CRs and just think about it in a more aggregated macro perspective for the things that we've got to do. You hear a lot of talk about recapitalizing the triad. We clearly have to do that. That's sort of a foundational element of our security posture. But that's not enough. That's not an adequate tool to ensure that we can protect our interests around the globe. So you see in what the DoD is doing, both recapitalization of triad and a strong focus on recapitalizing the conventional force structure. And that in itself sort of spans all of those different domains. And it's clear, if you look at -- your question was about budget, if you look at the budget and what the DoD is doing in the investment accounts in particular when we're talking about capability, if you turn the clock back to FY '15, the investment accounts were about $160 billion altogether. FY '18 is more like $220 billion. And that's a lot of growth over that period of time, but it's a recognition of the issue that we're having to deal with. And to your point, with some clarity around FY '19, the President's budget has those investment accounts moving up in sort of the $238 billion range. We know it takes typically sort of, on average, a couple of years for those types of appropriations to translate all the way through into outlays and to revenues at the company level. So this is kind of a flow through the process and everybody's trying to move more quickly these days so we'll see if that doesn't get accelerated a little bit. But as we think about the next number of years in front of us, those threat issues are not going away. It's not only in the U.S. but we see our allies also making increases in their budgets, their defense budgets, to deal with these concerns and these issues. And I think we all understand that historically, defense budgets have largely been driven by the threat environment and I think that's what we're seeing right now. So we've been working hard over a lot of years to position our portfolio, including the pending acquisition of Orbital ATK, to enable our company to be at the center of this investment in modernization that is being driven by the threat environment that we see around the globe. So I kind of look past these CRs, even though they are a great source of frustration for everybody in the defense community. But think about where the budgets are going, why they are being driven in that direction and what that means for the application of technology and capability. And I see us well positioned for that. We are investing significantly to make sure we're going to be able to support our customers and the work that they're doing and that they're going to need to continue to do for some time. And quite frankly, others in our industry are making big investments in that way as well. So I appreciate the question because I think it's important to stand back and look at this in that broader context and kind of understand what it means in terms of where we're headed.

Yes, let me just say broadly, we were really pleased, of course, with how the FY '18 budget came out. Clearly, we have a lot of opportunity associated with some of the things that were added but my focus always on our business is to make sure that our stuff is in the base. And it's nice if you get things added but I want to make sure that we're focused on the things that are really at the level of priority they're going to be in the base budget. And as we saw that, that looks really good and we were happy with a number of things that were added as well. So I think it was just an overall reflection of the importance of the nature of the work that we're doing and the sets of capabilities that we're providing to our customers.

All right. Well, I see that we're a minute past our hour so I'll wrap up quickly by again thanking our team across the company for their outstanding work and delivering a really strong start for 2018. So thanks, everybody, for joining us on our call today. Thanks for your continuing interest in our company.