Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We hope you and your families are well. As you all know, we continue to operate in the midst of a global pandemic. 
Our focus remains on the safety and well-being of our people, delivering on our customer commitments and supporting our suppliers and communities. As the pandemic continues, we are operating under protocols that we instituted earlier in the year to help preserve the well-being of our employees. And these are helping us to meet our commitments to customers and deliver strong operating results while also continuing to strengthen our foundation for the future. 
In addition to COVID-19, we have experienced locally devastating natural disasters this summer. I especially want to recognize our Northrop Grumman employees in Lake Charles, Louisiana, who have persevered through 2 hurricanes in the last 2 months. Despite experiencing personal loss, they have returned to work and continue to support the U.S. Air Force through sustainment of the JSTARS aircraft. Their resiliency embodies the spirit of Northrop Grumman employees everywhere. 
Also, before I discuss this quarter's results, I want to take this opportunity to thank Janis Pamiljans, who is retiring as President of Aeronautic Systems. In his more than 34 years with Northrop Grumman, he has made significant contributions to the business through his leadership and unwavering commitment to our employees and customers. 
And I want to congratulate Tom Jones, who will succeed Janis on January 1. Tom currently leads Airborne Sensors & Networks in Mission Systems. This business delivers large-scale, mission-critical C4ISR systems and complex hardware and software products for airborne platforms, including many in Aeronautics. Tom is a seasoned executive with 30 years of aerospace and defense experience, and we're fortunate he will be leading our Aeronautics business as it continues to deliver critical national security solutions. 
Now focusing on our third quarter results. I want to thank our employees for their dedication to delivering for our customers and shareholders. We had a strong third quarter. And based on year-to-date results, we are raising our guidance for the year. 
Our sales grew 7% in the quarter and 6% year-to-date, driven by sales growth at Space, Mission Systems and Aeronautics. Space continues to be our most robust growth driver with sales increasing 17% in the third quarter and 13% year-to-date. And Mission Systems was our second fastest-growing sector. Strong performance from all of our sectors generated segment operating income growth of 10% in the quarter and 4% year-to-date. And we delivered an 11.5% segment operating margin rate in both periods. 
Earnings per share grew 7% in the third quarter and 9% year-to-date. Third quarter free cash flow increased 22% to $1.1 billion after capital spending of $287 million. Year-to-date, free cash flow has increased 80% to $1.9 billion, reflecting solid operational performance as well as the benefit of customer actions to support the industrial base. 
Our new business awards are again a highlight. Third quarter bookings totaled more than $20 billion or 2.2x sales. And year-to-date, we've captured $43 billion in new business, which brings our year-to-date book-to-bill to 1.6. As of the end of the quarter, our total backlog stood at more than $81 billion, a 25% increase from year-end and a new record for Northrop Grumman. This year's new awards demonstrate our portfolio's alignment with the nation's highest priority global security missions, including space, nuclear deterrence, advanced weapons, electronic warfare and all-domain command and control. 
Turning to sector highlights. I'll begin with Space. In early September, the Air Force awarded Northrop Grumman a $13.3 billion contract for the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent. I want to congratulate the members of our nationwide team for their exceptional work on this program. 
This next phase of our nation's program to replace the Minuteman III ICBM, which were first fielded in 1970, culminates more than 10 years of planning across 2 presidential administrations as well as a series of competition. The EMD award includes weapons system design, qualification, test and evaluation and nuclear certification. And we expect [indiscernible] for the production phases of the program. 
Now that the EMD phase has been awarded, GBSD ramps quickly. For 2021, we expect GBSD to contribute nearly $1 billion of incremental growth at Space Systems. Our nationwide team looks forward to delivering a secure, reliable and effective nuclear deterrent capability to our nation. 
An award this size impacts business mix by increasing cost-type development work as a percent of sales, particularly at Space and to a lesser extent, the entire company. While we expect this mix shift will pressure next year's margin rate at Space, we will work to offset this pressure across the company through program performance and cost management. 
In addition to GBSD, Space also captured 1 of 3 Evolved Strategic SATCOM, or ESS awards to rapidly prototype a strategic communications payload with enhanced resilience and cybersecurity capabilities. ESS will be designed to seamlessly interoperate with and eventually replace the Advanced Extremely High Frequency system. This effort is critical to extending our nation's secure satellite communications infrastructure and we expect will represent a multibillion-dollar competitive opportunity. 
Program milestones achieved in Space this quarter included the successful test of the Space Launch System Booster for NASA's Artemis program and the MEV-2 launch in August. And shortly after the end of the third quarter, our Cygnus spacecraft was launched aboard an Antares rocket to complete our 14th resupply mission to the International Space Station. 
At the Aeronautics sector, in addition to higher restricted volume, F-35 deliveries have recovered to first quarter levels. Through the end of the third quarter, we've now delivered 719 F-35 center fuselage units, and we are continuing to manufacture at a pace that supports our scheduled delivery. 
On the E-2D program, we've now delivered 44 of the 75 aircraft under contract. The U.S. Navy has an approved 11 plane increase to that program of record and is now working to identify funding for these additional aircraft. I would also note that international opportunities for E-2D continue to be promising. In addition to Japan's 13 E-2Ds, France and Taiwan are expected to procure E-2Ds in the coming years. 
In Autonomous Systems, Triton's inaugural deployment to Guam occurred in January and led to an early operational decision by the Navy in May. Following these critical milestones, Triton is quickly becoming an invaluable asset in the 7th Fleet's maritime patrol and reconnaissance command. Despite the likely budget pressure on our HALE portfolio beyond this year, we have a promising set of future autonomous opportunities, including Skyborg and the MQ-9 replacement, among others. 
Turning to Defense Systems. In the third quarter, the U.S. Army conducted live-fire tests of our IBCS system and successfully engaged multiple targets. These exercises, conducted as part of the IBCS limited user test, demonstrated our system's ability to maintain continuous track of the targets despite contested environment conditions by fusing data from multiple sensors. A successful test of the ability to share data across platforms and sensors are significant demonstrations of our underlying architecture, which is applicable to joint all-domain operations and increases the value and power of our customers' legacy platforms and weapon systems. 
We have also completed the first environmental test of AARGM-ER's new extended range rocket motor, a major milestone towards motor qualification and first live-fire flight test in 2021. And in hypersonics, we successfully completed captive carry tests in support of the DARPA and U.S. Air Force HAWC program. With a prime contractor, we are on track to proceed to free flight testing, and we are now establishing manufacturing plans to meet initial low rate production quantity. 
And finally, at Mission Systems, we continue to meet or exceed prior year deliveries for the F-35 program. In the third quarter, MS delivered 41 radars, consistent with 2019 quantities, and delivered 47 DAS chipsets and 50 CNI chipsets, year-over-year increases of 30% and 40%, respectively. 
Mission Systems also received a task order contract valued at $690 million for the Defense Intelligence Agency's TALOS system. This effort focuses on the build of new big data systems for the DIA, including Mars, the Machine-Assisted Rapid-Repository System. Transforming current databases into multidimensional, flexible and rigorous data environments, MARS is expected to create a military intelligence environment accessible for up-to-date information by the intelligence community and warfighters. 
And DARPA awarded MS a contract for its Gamebreaker program. This innovative program seeks to develop and apply artificial intelligence to existing real-time strategy games. The Gamebreaker effort gives us an opportunity to evaluate and develop artificial intelligence technology to improve flexible planning, optimization and discovery in products that operate dynamic environments. Looking ahead, we believe our customers will require integrated artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities in the same way cyber resiliency is now broadly required in products and systems. And Northrop Grumman is well positioned to support this emerging customer requirement. 
We're extremely proud of our team's results for the third quarter and year-to-date. And I want to recognize the rebound in productivity our workforce has demonstrated since late March and early April. As we look ahead to the remainder of the year, our guidance assumes that our team's productivity as well as the operations of our customers and suppliers remain at or near current levels. It also reflects the strength of year-to-date results and our expectations for a strong fourth quarter. 
Based on our current assumptions, we now expect 2020 sales of $35.7 billion to $36 billion, which is 6% top line growth at the midpoint. EPS should grow to between $22.25 and $22.65, which is also 6% growth at the midpoint. And we now expect free cash flow to increase to between $3.3 billion and $3.6 billion, a 14% increase over 2019 at the midpoint. 
Regarding capital deployment. We continue to focus on a balanced strategy, the call for robust investment, strengthening of the balance sheet through debt reduction and funding of our pension plan and returning cash to shareholders, which we will do by resuming share repurchases and maintaining a competitive dividend. We believe our strong cash flow and current cash balances will allow us to address all of these value-creating deployment opportunities. 
Turning to the U.S. budget environment. We expect to see continued strong bipartisan support for national security in the future as indicated by the $740 billion targeted for FY 2021 appropriation. We are pleased that Congress and the administration agreed to a continuing resolution that funds the government through December 11 and avoids disruption in the execution of critical national security missions. And I will note that funding under continuing resolution supports our programs, including GBSD, even if the continuing resolution is extended into early next year. We continue to believe that bipartisan support for defense spending will endure and that our portfolio is well aligned to support our national defense strategy. 
While we plan for various budget scenarios, defense spending is largely threat-driven and today's threat environment warrants a strong defense. Emerging threats are intensifying, and we believe both political parties are committed to effectively countering these threats. While there are many external uncertainties, Northrop Grumman has a strengthening foundation for growth and the capabilities and people necessary to address our nation's most challenging problems. We are investing for the future, delivering value to our shareholders and meeting our commitments to our customers and all of our stakeholders. 
So now I'll turn it over to Dave to provide more detail on our sectors' results, 2020 guidance updates as well as a preview of certain trends in 2021. Dave?

Thanks, Rob. Every new administration has conducted an analysis of the triad, and we expect that to happen again if after the election, we're working with a new administration. But I'll also note that each have reaffirmed, it has a critical role to play in our national security. Since 1994, the DoD has had a formal Nuclear Posture Review process. And in that, they evaluate the nation's strategic deterrent posture and have validated all 3 legs of the triad as being critically important. And I'll note that the 2 most recent Nuclear Posture Reviews, one which was done in 2010, was conducted by the Obama-Biden administration. And of course, the one in 2018 was conducted by the Trump-Pence administration. 
But again, both confirm the need for the triad to include GBSD and the B-21. And historically if we look back, when defense spending declines and conventional military forces come under budget pressure, the U.S. and the allies have relied even more heavily upon nuclear deterrence to ensure global stability. So we think that this triad is going to be viewed as even more important from a budgetary priority perspective if those conditions exist. So we're confident that a new administration would recognize that value and continue to support the modernization efforts that are well underway for both GBSD and B-21.

Natalia, just before we move on, you had a second part to the question, Rob, so let me address that quickly. You asked about Space margins and whether 2021 would be the trough, given the mix pressure that we will have from the GBSD program. I'll remind you that we're expecting nearly $1 billion of incremental growth from GBSD next year. But we also expect significant growth going from '21 into '22. So that mix pressure will persist. But as Dave noted in his commentary, we are working to offset that pressure at the company level with strong cost reduction and program performance. And Natalia, now we're ready for the next question.

We certainly see the opportunity to continue to grow backlog next year. We have a number of opportunities that we're pursuing across all sectors. I'll point to a few Next Gen Jammer in Mission Systems as well as the 3DELRR replacement called SpeedDealer, also in Mission Systems. We have NGI, the Next Generation Interceptor, which would be in Space. So these are just a few examples of large potential awards, new starts that we could look to, to bolster our book-to-bill next year. But certainly, we expect that book-to-bill won't be as robust as this year, just given the singular effect of the GBSD award and the strong backlog that we have across our sectors. 
And just to provide a little bit of color on that, we don't tend to look at awards and book-to-bill on a quarterly basis, we look at them a longer term. And we are well above the year of sales and backlog at Space, aerospace -- Aeronautics and Mission Systems. Defense Systems tends to run as a short-cycle business more with a backlog about equal to sales. But that's typical. So we see strong backlog in all of our sectors and the opportunity to continue to build backlog at the company level.

Thanks, Doug. So let me start with the last part of the question first and then I'll talk more generally about services. We do see F-35 sustainment growth as a contributor to our overall services business. But I'll also note that some of that F-35 sustainment growth runs through our Aeronautics business and our Mission Systems business. When we're talking about spares and repairs, those get done by the businesses that produce the products themselves, not necessarily through our Defense Systems business, where our aircraft modernization sits. But that team is involved in the sustainment program for the F-35. So we see sustainment spread across the company and would see that growth contribute to all 3 of the sectors that I noted. 
In terms of services growth within Defense Systems, we have seen that business be relatively flat. And we've talked about some of the headwinds there that have been running off over the last couple of years based on strategic decisions we've made about business to not pursue. And that certainly slowed even into our 2021 results. But we've also seen some nice new program wins in that business. We talked about a large restricted program earlier in the year. We had a significant award in our service -- IT services business in the third quarter. So we are seeing growth. It's just offset by those headwinds that we've been talking about. And as you know, we've been executing on that strategic repositioning for our services business in TS and now DS for several years.

Yes. Thanks, Jon. Well, as you note, our outlook for '21 represents another solid year of growth. Growth beyond 2021 will be somewhat dependent on the top line defense budget outlook but also on our portfolio's ability to offer the solutions, the U.S. government and our allies feel are necessary for their most pressing threats. And our recent success in capturing new work indicates that we do have a strong alignment to those high-priority items. But the combination of the budget and portfolio are certainly what will drive our outlook for '22 and beyond. 
We've seen strong bipartisan support for our key programs, like B-21, GBSD, F-35. And these, too, will be key to continuing to see growth beyond 2021. But given the threat environment, we expect that support to continue for those large programs. And we have really nice visibility as a result of being on the early end of programs like B-21 and GBSD, which go for many years, as you know, and have a growth profile in that period. I will acknowledge that a flattening budget could lead to fewer new starts. But we feel well positioned and that our backlog has been building over the last couple of years very nicely. And as I noted earlier in response to a question, we see the potential to continue building that backlog at least into next year.

Thanks, Seth. I'd be happy to. So let me start by talking about our current autonomous portfolio. And looking at HALE in particular, so the combination of our Global Hawk and Triton programs, we have talked about some budget pressures there. You may be familiar that for Triton, the Navy has discussed a production pause for the next 2 years. And that is what is currently programmed into the Navy's 2021 budget request. We are working with the Navy and Congress to see what that production pause actually entails in terms of aircraft for next year. 
But with Australia, we also see some offsets to that production gap that we would experience otherwise with the Navy's pause. We do believe the Navy is committed to the program in the long term based on all of the statements that they've made. And so this really is an opportunity for the air vehicle to pause and wait for some government-provided sensors that would get integrated into the production vehicles going forward. 
With regards to Global Hawk, the Air Force is contemplating a reduction in their fleet from largely Block 20s and Block 30s. And while they've signaled that, that is not formal direction at this point, so we really don't have more color to add on what those pressures might look like for Global Hawk. But we do anticipate that over the next several years that, that will become more clear, and we will have a stronger projection. 
And that leads to the question that you asked about Skyborg and other analysis of alternatives that are being considered in this case, particularly by the Air Force. But I would note that all of the services' strategic plans call for a significant contribution by unmanned systems, in particular aerial unmanned systems, including not only the Air Force but the Navy and the Marine Corps. So Skyborg, in particular, we look at as an opportunity because of its architectural components more so than just the air vehicle alone. 
The Skyborg vision is that systems will be operating together instead on a single platform, having the capability to really operate unaided, which is how our HALE platform is developed today. That broader range of requirements, as you point, will be in a lower price point but have some very sophisticated requirements that need to be addressed in areas like connectivity, vehicle management, all things that, across the Northrop Grumman portfolio, we have strong capabilities to contribute. 
So we're actually quite excited about opportunities that look beyond the platform itself to the connectivity of other sensors and aircraft because it starts to engage some of the integration that we can do with our Mission Systems platform -- programs and products as well. So really, as we look forward, this is an evolution of unmanned and one that we think is very consistent with what the services have been discussing in systems and systems operating together and the work that we've been doing to lead the way in that all-domain command and control of systems, unmanned and manned.

So Cai, I noted a few programs. But as you, I'm sure, appreciate across our program sets, the timing of awards, some large, like F-35, we expect another production award next year. But there are many smaller efforts as well that will just have their natural annual increment, particularly production programs that will flow in next year that create a significant base and foundation of awards. And I just referred to a few of the new awards, the new business that we would see contributing to an ability to get to a 1 or greater book-to-bill next year. But certainly, there are lots of awards that are anticipated in just our normal course of business across all 4 of our sectors.

Yes, Sheila, and thank you for recognizing that. Certainly, Tom Jones, in his leadership at Airborne Sensors & Networks inside of Mission Systems, has contributed to very strong growth for Mission Systems. It has been, of the 4 businesses inside of Mission Systems, the most significant contributor to growth for a couple of years. But I would also note that all of the businesses in Mission Systems contributed to its growth this year. So we have been pleased to see that it isn't just one of the divisions driving that growth. 
Speaking to Tom Jones, in particular, one of the reasons that I'm very pleased to have him stepping into the role at Aeronautics sector is that in addition to leading our Airborne Sensors & Networks, he was leading our cross-company campaign for next-generation air dominance, which looks at all next-generation aircraft and missions systems that would meet the requirements of the government for their sixth generation fleet. 
And so in that role, he was already working very closely between our Aeronautics and our Missions Systems sector on how we bring these capabilities together to accomplish the mission that our customers have laid out, both the Air Force and the Navy, for their next generation of aircraft and mission programs. So that synergy between those 2 businesses will only get stronger as we have Tom transition into Aeronautics. I'd also note that the team under Tom in Airborne Sensors & Networks is a very strong team. So I fully expect that the growth that we've seen there will continue under their leadership.

Thanks, Ron. So one of the most important things for our performance as a company is the program performance. And so what I want our investors to know, first and foremost, about our classified and restricted work is that we have the same level of governance over those programs that we do any other program. The appropriate people are cleared into the details of those programs, reviewing them regularly, understanding what they need to perform and providing the resources to them to execute successfully. And so that goes to our ability to continue to have a track record of disciplined and focused performance in our restricted portfolio even though we can't share as much of that detail with our investor community as we could on our unclassified portfolio. 
In the second part of your question around digital engineering and the important role that our digital enterprise transformation is going to have on all of our programs going forward. I'd actually start by pointing to GBSD, where we are using the digital enterprise as the base for executing that program. The work that we have done with the customer already, even under the tech maturation and risk reduction phase of the program, was done in a digital environment. We delivered artifacts for review in a fully digital environment, where they were actually looking at things in a model, not documents produced. This is the first time on a program of this size where that's been the case. And we're very pleased to be pioneering the way in partnership with the Air Force to make that a reality on the GBSD program. So those investments that we're making for GBSD are being utilized across our entire portfolio. 
So as we think about next-generation air dominance and the programs that are part of that overall campaign, as I'll call it, they, too, will benefit from a full digital engineering thread as is being required by our customers. And even in areas like Space and Mission Systems in addition to Aeronautics, each new start is looking at implementing not only the design in a digital way but a full thread that looks at the producibility and the maintainability through the use of models in the digital environment.

Yes. Thanks, Pete. There were changes to the MTCR and they are very encouraging changes. They will open up more international customers to have potential access. Of course, they'll still go through the same approval process. But now it looks more favorable upon export of this technology because it isn't caught up in the missile technology regime as tightly. And so when we look at this process, we are really pleased the Department of State and the Department of Defense in the U.S. has worked together to make this possible. 
It will take us some time to work with nations that are now eligible for this technology and get through processes of them requesting it and us engaging with them. But it is opening a door that had not been opened before. So over a multiyear period, we do expect this to open up more international sales, not just for HALE platforms, which is what we produce today, but for unmanned systems overall, including ones we might develop in the future.

And on Space, just very quickly, with strategic space, we've seen a tremendous amount of growth this year, as you pointed to. Many of those programs ramp throughout this year and achieve more of a steady growth into next year. In strategic missiles, as it's transitioning from [ GB ] to GMD to NGI, we'll see a little bit of flatness until we get to the other side. But all of that is being more than offset by GBSD and some additional growth in strategic space. Just not quite as much there in 2021 on a year-over-year compare as we saw in 2020. 
So why don't I go ahead and close today's call by reiterating our thanks to the Northrop Grumman team for another outstanding quarter of performance. It's especially impressive in light of the challenging conditions that we've all faced this year. We are successfully executing on our strategy with solid results through the first 3 quarters. And we're well positioned to have a strong finish to this year and continue that momentum into 2021. So thank you for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again in late January, when we'll report our full year results and provide 2021 guidance. That concludes our call.