Thank you, Steve, and hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. First quarter results represent a good start to the year as the Northrop Grumman team continues to deliver excellent outcomes for our customers and our shareholders. I want to thank our employees for their relentless focus on performance, agility and profitable growth. 
Top line growth, strong segment performance as well as continued effective capital deployment drove a 6% increase in first quarter earnings per share. As a result of first quarter performance and our full year expectation, we are affirming sales guidance of approximately $34 billion and raising our 2019 EPS guidance.
First quarter sales grew 22%, reflecting the addition of Innovation Systems and a 7% top line growth at Aerospace Systems. Strong performance at all 4 sectors generated a 27% increase in segment operating income and a 50 basis point increase in our segment margin rates. The strong margin rates at all 4 sectors also reflect the cost synergies we are achieving through the Orbital ATK integration, which is benefiting all the sectors. The realignment of the TS business areas continues to improve their cost structure and competitiveness as reflected in this quarter's margin rate and our TS guidance increase for the full year.
As is our typical quarterly pattern, we were a user of cash in the first quarter. We continue to expect 2019 free cash flow of $2.6 billion to $3 billion. Regarding capital deployment, our strategy continues to call for value creation through thoughtful allocation across our priorities of investing in our business, managing the balance sheet and distributing cash to shareholders through our competitive dividend and share repurchases.
Looking ahead, we're on a solid growth trajectory supported by first quarter net awards of $12.3 billion or about 1.5x book-to-bill ratio. Total backlog increased 7% to $57.3 billion, reflecting 16% growth at Mission Systems and 6% increase at Aerospace Systems. Total backlog is up 35% when compared to March 31, 2018. That comparison reflects an increase of more than 30% at Mission Systems and 11% at Aerospace Systems.
At Aerospace Systems, Q1 net awards totaled $5.4 billion. In Space, we received a $3.2 billion restricted award. In Manned Aircraft, we finalized a $740 million contract for the U.S. Navy and Kuwaiti FAA teams, and we were awarded $535 million for the F-35. And shortly after the end of the quarter, we signed a multibillion-dollar production contract for 24 U.S. Navy E-2D Advanced Hawkeyes. The new multi-year contract includes an option for Japan's purchase of 9 additional E-2Ds. Japan has also approved the additional E-2Ds in their long-term budget, and we expect that we will be under contract by the end of 2019.
At Innovation Systems, the Navy awarded us a full-source $323 million EMD contract for AARGM-ER, an extended range version of our current missile. AARGM-ER will initially be fielded on F/A-18 Super Hornets and Growlers. It will also be the first supersonic long-range missile to be integrated on to the F-35, and it is expected to be the strike weapon of choice for both the Navy and the Air Force.
The President's FY 2020 budget includes a request for the Air Force variance of AARGM-ER and it's called the Stand In Attack Weapon. AARGM-ER is an early example of revenue synergy. Innovation Systems leads the effort with 2 of our other sectors contributing to the program. This draws from the full breadth of our technologies and capabilities for delivering high-speed missile systems and demonstrates our ability to work seamlessly across the company to provide needed capabilities to our customers. We expect follow-on production after EMD will be in the multibillion-dollar range.
We are currently performing on a number of other high-speed and hypersonic missile programs at the prime contractor and subcontractor levels, which are contributing to IS backlog and sales growth.
Turning to Mission Systems. Net awards totaled $5 billion in the quarter. In airborne radar, MS was awarded a contract to equip 5 U.K. Wedgetail airborne early warning and control platform with our MESA radar. The U.K. joins a number of other international customers in selecting the MESA radar for this capability. In command and control, MS received a $633 million SMS award to supply our IBCS Battle Management System for Phase 1 of Poland's next-generation air and missile defense. This award aligns Poland with the U.S. Army in utilizing IBCS's any sensor, any shooter capability for next-generation air and missile defense.
We continue to invest in expanding IBCS's addressable market. For example, during the quarter, we and MBDA funded the successful demonstration of IBCS's functionality with a non-U.S. missile system by integrating MBDA's CAMM family of missiles. We did so quickly and at a fraction of traditional missile defense system cost.
MS was also awarded $117 million to develop the next-generation radar threat warning sensor to protect Navy Rotary aircraft. This sensor counters a new-generation of highly mobile antiaircraft weapon, and has the potential for international sales. During the quarter, our G/ATOR program achieved initial operating capability, and is now transitioning into service. We are currently negotiating a full rate production contract with the Marine Corps, which we expect will be finalized in the near future.
And at TS, we were awarded $52 million for KC-30 sustainment in Australia and $44 million for a Battlefield Airborne Communications Node. Company-wide, these awards position us for accelerating growth and will be executed over the coming years.
Across the sectors, on F-35, we are nearing completion of negotiations for center fuselage units, radars, CNI, DAS, aerostructures, and other equipment for the lots covering the next several hundred aircraft. We continue to aggressively drive affordability on this program, while maintaining strong program performance.
Now I'd like to spend a few minutes on a major area of opportunity for us, space. With the addition of Innovation Systems, our space portfolio is in excess of $7 billion in annual revenue. Our capabilities address end-to-end mission needs, including launch, satellites, payloads, ground systems and command-and-control. We are designing and manufacturing systems vital to our national security and continually pushing the boundaries of science and exploration. We are taking commercial applications in technology and creating cost-effective and reliable solutions for our government partners using agile processes.
We established a resiliency and rapid prototyping space business unit to augment and sharpen our focus on emerging customer opportunities in the new space war fighting domain. A notable outcome from this unit is the R3D2, an experimental satellite for DARPA, which launched from a commercial launch pad in New Zealand in late March. R3D2 demonstrated a new type of deployable antenna for small aircraft. This landmark program went from concept to orbit in 20 months. This successful demonstration will lend support to developing additional smaller, faster-to-launch and lower cost capabilities that can optimize the new commercial market for small inexpensive launch vehicles by both the DoD and commercial users. We're extremely proud of this effort and I want to congratulate the entire team on its success.
I also want to recognize the Innovation Systems team for last week's successful on-schedule and on-budget Antares rocket launch of our Cygnus spacecraft. Cygnus delivered 7,600 pounds of scientific equipment and supplies to the International Space Station. This is our 11th launch under the first commercial resupply contract, and we look forward to continued successful missions under our follow-on contract.
The President's FY 2020 budget includes increased investments in space, missile defense, nuclear deterrence, artificial intelligence and hypersonics. There is strong bipartisan support for these increased investments to support the National Security Strategy, the National Defense Strategy as well as the framework outlined in the Missile Defense Review. I'm confident that we have the advanced technologies, products and services necessary to support our nation's most critical security mission, which are well-funded in this President's budget.
As CEO, I'm focused on sharpening our operational efficiency and agility so that we capture and successfully execute the programs that our portfolio enables. I'm very pleased at how the team is responding. Our ability to engage with and quickly address our customers' rapidly evolving needs with affordable and innovative solutions is critical to achieving our growth potential, creating value for our shareholders and supporting global security and human advancement with our customers.
So now I'll turn the call over to Ken for a more detailed discussion of our financial results and guidance. Ken?

So Rob, thanks for the question, and I'll start and then ask Ken to provide more details on the financials. And let me start with the second part of your question first in terms of the positioning at Technology Services. From a portfolio shaping perspective and the program launches that we've experienced, which we've been talking about for a while, first, Wes was indicating those and then more recently, me, we certainly saw that those were quite impactful this quarter. A tough Q1 compare to 2018 as we had multiple programs that have rolled off over the last year, including, but not limited to, KC-10, JRDC and VITA, which we've talked about quite a bit. So what we have been doing with that business is really repositioning it for growth. And you are seeing the impact of some of those changes that we made late last year, including the consolidation into 2 segments. This is positioning the business better for competitiveness in the marketplace and also margin rate performance and they delivered that this quarter. So we're going to continue throughout this year to see a better profile from TS as those programs roll off, several of them in this first quarter and look toward a return to growth for TS late this year. In terms of Mission Systems, you hit the nail on the head. We've seen strong backlog improvement at MS, 30% year-over-year for MS and they are positioned for accelerating growth. They too had 2 program headwinds that end in the first quarter of this year, and then, largely, those headwinds are behind us, and I expect MS to return to a healthy growth rate in the second quarter. Ken, anything you'd like to add?

So thanks, Jon. At the macro level, I certainly see the opportunity for accelerated growth and we've pointed to backlog a couple of times, but let me also talk about other things that we've done in the business because I think it's important context. We talked earlier in the year about having added an element of our incentive compensation to focus on segment operating margin growth with the full impact that our team will be incentivized to capture profitable sales. 
We're also winning programs that represent revenue synergy from the IS acquisition. I've talked to AARGM-ER this time. In the last call, I talked about some of the opportunities in space. And we've started to make some structural changes that better position us for capturing growth. I talked about the TS consolidation and earlier in this call, I mentioned the creation of a space resiliency and rapid prototyping unit. All of these activities in combination are positioning us to continue with growth and accelerate it over the coming year. So absolutely see that as possible. And expansion of margins also, you saw in the results of this quarter, some margin expansion. 
We are taking the cost synergies that are created through the integration of Orbital ATK, and those are benefiting all sectors, and you're seeing that in the results, not just solid program performance, which also continues, but the addition of these overhead reductions that are benefiting the sectors.

Yes. Thank you. I would like to talk about agility in a couple of context. First, our ability to rapidly identify new solutions to help our customers, and you've heard me talk about that and how important it is to the profitable growth in our company and also realizing the revenue synergy with the acquisition of Orbital ATK. And I'm quite pleased to see the team responding in the way that they are to very rapidly put together components of our portfolio and meet customer needs. I also talk about agility in the speed at which we are able to work with our customers today. I gave the example of R3D2 and the fact that we were able to get something from concept on orbit in space in 20 months. So when we think about the way we deliver, we're also implying agility to our operations. And this helps us to be more competitive in the marketplace, but it also aligns to what our customers are talking about in a need to address the threat at the speed of relevance. So as the threat is advancing, speed of capability to mission is absolutely essential. And Northrop Grumman is well positioned to do that, with the components of our portfolio and with our operations. We're just continuing to streamline those operations so that we can move even more quickly.

The way I benchmark it is against the performance expectations that our customer has. So if a customer believes it should take a certain amount of time to get a capability fielded, if we can beat that, we're going to have a competitive differentiation. I benchmark it internally in terms of our own processes in looking at the cost at which we deliver those services, but also the speed at which we deliver those services.

As we look to the remainder of this year, MS will be a strong contributor to the growth in the company.

Yes. I see good opportunity, particularly in the Mission Systems portfolio and I noted a few of them today. You mentioned IBCS Poland and I talked about also the work we did with MBDA to demonstrate the ability to integrate an international missile with our missile defense system. I also see exportability for G/ATOR. We talked about a new sensor that we're developing that has international applicability in MS as well. So across the board, we have had a strong export business in Mission Systems and I see that potential continuing to grow. And we also have global operations in, particularly, Europe and Australia, that are continuing to grow across the portfolio, but particularly with opportunity in Mission Systems as well.

So Ron, as is usually the case, a good bit of the work we continue to pursue and even what we talked about winning in this first quarter is restricted. So while I can't point to specific opportunities, we are seeing growth in hypersonics, and the programs that we have already won will continue to have opportunities for increased scope. We have National Security Space, which is a number of restricted programs, some of which we booked in this first quarter and we referenced in today's call, others that are pending a little later in the year. We also have opportunities that are more public. Clearly, the launch services agreement that we are under today in working with the Air Force to compete for the down-select to be the launch -- or 1 of 2 launch services providers for national security launches. And then, we have GBSD, which we are competing for and we expect the RFP on later this year that will be awarded next year, are just a handful of areas that I would suggest that you monitor with us.

I feel very positive about our alignment to the budget even after we look at the Congressional mark process that is going to ensue. We have strong alignment to the threat and being able to address areas that are certainly of note. We've talked about a number of them today, hypersonics, artificial intelligence, the continual progression of sensors that can detect advanced threats, which impact both our Mission Systems business, our continuing growth in the weapons and high-speed missiles area. I talked about AARGM-ER today, and I see a strong alignment to the capability that will be needed in the future. And both the Navy and the Air Force have expressed interest in that missile as a missile of choice. So as I look at how those programs are supported in this budget, I see very strong alignment around the areas that we've been investing in and positioning our portfolio to fulfill and the budget. And the budget is very much based on the National Defense Strategy. And that strategy is enduring and expected to continue to be the view of both parties that we need to align to that strategy and ensure that we're dealing with the threats of particularly China and Russia.

Sure. I'll actually start with the latter. And as you might have guessed, there isn't a lot that I'm going to say about an active competition, other than the fact that we are participating in the Sense-Off.  And so we're looking forward to offering a competitive solution that meets the requirements. Shifting to GBSD, we have been working with the government, as you know, on the risk-reduction contract, TMMR (sic) [ TMRR ] that is going well. We have received drafts of the RFP for the next phase of GBSD, and so we're, in earnest, working our proposal. There's nothing in the draft RFPs that have been a surprise to us. And we continue to work to put in place a very competitive offering for the Air Force, and expect that proposal to go in later this year, and as I noted in the earlier comments, be awarded next year.

Yes. The integration continues to progress exceptionally well. I'm proud of how that team is performing. We had that cost synergy target to reach $150 million run rate by the end of 2019, going into 2020. We are on track to achieve that. And as I said, some of the performance improvement that we've seen across the sectors, even in this first quarter, are a result of those cost synergies starting to be reflected in the sectors. We also are starting to see revenue synergy realized. And when we first laid out the business case behind the deal, we did not anticipate seeing revenue synergy quite this quickly. So both in space and missiles, we've been pleased at how quickly those have progressed. And then we also, when we laid out the deal with all of you, talked about operational synergies. And these are areas like facilities overlap that we have within the portfolio that we have an opportunity now to rationalize with the addition of Orbital ATK. And we are making good headway on those operational synergies as well. Again, even faster than I had anticipated we've been able to identify some opportunities and realized those this year. So all in all, feel very positive about the performance of the business as well as the integration process that we're executing.

So let me start, and then I'll have Ken add a little bit of color on the measure itself. And what we are looking to do is incentivize the top team, and I should note that this metric has been in place for most of our leadership as part of our incentive plan. We added it for the top leadership team as a component of the long-term incentive. And we are working to drive performance in the elements of the business that leadership can control in terms of both returns, but also managing the asset to the business. And we focused more on the operating assets of the business so that we aren't penalizing the team for areas like goodwill and the issues that come with making an acquisition as we just did, and I'll let Ken detail that a little bit for you. But really, it is getting the team focused on the operations of the business. I also added another element of our nonfinancial goals on operational efficiency. And that is meant to streamline our processes, speed decision-making so that we are able to operate more efficiently and effectively inside the corporation. And that goes back to the comments I was making in response to Carter's questions about agility.

Thanks, Steve. I'll end the call, again, by thanking the Northrop Grumman team for their outstanding performance and commitment to deliver growth and provide long-term value for our customers and shareholders. And I want to thank everyone for joining us on today's call. 
That concludes the call. I'll speak to you in July.