Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we are very pleased to announce another strong quarter. I'll begin by recognizing our Northrop Grumman employees for their continued focus on operational excellence. Our results represents a successful execution of our strategy, the strength of our portfolio and the commitment of our team to deliver for our customers and shareholders. 
As the global threat environment continues to rapidly evolve and other nations gain more complex and sophisticated capabilities, our customers need innovative and affordable solutions to be delivered with increasing speed and agility. With the investments we've made in advanced technologies, combined with our talented workforce and adoption of digital transformation capabilities, Northrop Grumman is well positioned to meet our customers' needs and continue to strengthen our position for the future. 
This quarter, we once again delivered strong growth and operating performance. Our sales increased by 3% to $9.2 billion. Adjusting for the effects of our first quarter divestiture of the IT services business, organic sales increased 10%. While we do expect this growth rate to moderate in the second half of the year, we continue to have a robust pipeline of opportunities in 2021 and beyond. Additionally, program execution across the portfolio was exceptional, which drove our segment operating margins to exceed 12%. This follows on strong Q1 performance resulting in a year-to-date segment operating margin of 12.1%, and we continue to expect solid performance for the remainder of the year. 
Earnings per share increased 7% this quarter and transaction-adjusted EPS has increased 16% year-to-date. Transaction-adjusted free cash flow is also trending favorably and has increased 26% year-to-date. As a result, we ended the quarter with just under $4 billion in cash on the balance sheet. This provides us continued flexibility for capital deployment. We completed the $2-billion accelerated share repurchase in Q2 and continue to expect to repurchase over $3 billion for the year. Additionally, we increased our dividend by 8% in May. We are executing a balanced capital deployment strategy, which includes investing in the solutions our customers need and also returning cash to investors. Over the next couple of years, we continue to expect to return the majority of our free cash flow to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. 
In terms of budget updates from Washington, the Biden administration issued its budget request for fiscal year 2022 in May. And it reinforces the administration's statements around investing in capabilities to maintain U.S. national security advantages. The request aligns well with the investments we've made at Northrop Grumman as we've positioned our portfolio for the future. And while it's still relatively early in the budget process, we're pleased to see strong support for national security from the Congress, including a $25 billion increase to the president's budget request approved last week by the Senate Armed Services Committee. Both the House Appropriations Committee and SASC have voiced strong support for many of our programs, including B-21, GBSD, Triton and F-35, to name a few. We look forward to working with the Congress and the administration as they make progress on the fiscal year 2022 budget. 
NASA was also well-supported in the budget, with a 7% year-over-year increase in proposed funding. NASA priorities include returning to the moon via the Artemis program, where we are a key supplier of critical technologies, including the Habitation and Logistics Outpost or HALO, and the solid rocket boosters for the Space Launch System, also known as SLS. This provides meaningful opportunity for the company, and it demonstrates the diverse nature of our Space business. 
Turning to business highlights from the quarter. I'll share a few examples that helped to demonstrate the strength of our portfolio and our technology leadership across key markets. In partnership with the Air Force, the B-21 program remains on track, with 2 test aircraft in production today, and we continue to make solid progress towards first flight. 
This program leverages the confluence of Northrop Grumman's long history in aircraft development and advanced low observability capabilities. The Air Force recently published an artist rendering and a B-21 fact sheet that provides additional insights into the program. The fact sheet highlights that the B-21 is being designed with open systems architecture to reduce integration risk and enable future modernization efforts to allow for the aircraft to evolve as the threat environment changes. 
As we've discussed on many of these calls, Northrop Grumman is a leader in communications and networking solutions, providing the connective tissue for military platforms, sensors and systems that weren't designed to communicate with one another, passing information and data using secure, open systems similar to how we use the Internet and 5G in our day-to-day lives. Our systems played an important role in the Northern Edge 2021 joint exercise, which was held in May, and showcased how we enable warfighters to easily communicate and securely share actionable information regardless of platform. 
As part of the exercise, Northrop Grumman systems were validated on 3 separate platforms. Our Freedom Pod was the part of a demonstration with the Air National Guard and our Freedom Radios were a key part of 2 demonstrations centered on advanced fifth-generation communication. And as a reminder, the Freedom Radios equip both the F-35 and F-22. 
We are also enabling joint all-domain command and control through our Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System or IBCS. In July, the U.S. Army successfully engaged a cruise missile target in a highly contested electronic attack environment during the developmental flight test using Northrop Grumman's IBCS. This latest flight test integrated the widest variety of sensors to date, including a Marine Corps G/ATOR radar, which is our GaN-based expeditionary radar that entered full-rate production last year, as well as F-35 and other ground sensors and interceptors. This was the eighth successful flight test performed with the IBCS program. And the program is on track for a competitive down-select of full-rate production later this year. 
In addition, we are making great progress on the GBSD program. In the second quarter, the team officially closed out the EMD baseline review with our Air Force customer, and we completed the integrated baseline review. The IBR is a critical step in setting cost and scheduled baselines and is an important milestone for the program. And earlier this month, we were awarded a contract to continue our support of the Minuteman III ground subsystems until their successful transition to the GBSD system. 
So taking a step back, the examples that I just provided highlight our strong performance, technology leadership and broad portfolio and its tight connection to national security priority, from modernizing our strategic deterrents to breakthrough technologies that connect our forces. Based on the strong results and performance of our company year-to-date and our latest outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing our 2021 revenue, segment OM rate and transaction-adjusted EPS guidance. Additionally, after 2 years of book-to-bill over 1.3, we expect our book-to-bill for the full year to be close to 1 this year, with key booking opportunities in the second half of the year that include HALO, SLS, F-35 and several restricted programs, laying the foundation for continued growth. 
Before I turn the call over to Dave, I'd like to talk about ESG. We are very proud of our ESG record and the high marks we've received in many environmental and in social rankings. We have built an organization with a robust governance structure, diverse and inclusive working environment, and an ongoing and evolving focus on responsible environment stewardship. In May, we published our most recent sustainability report. It provides transparency into the progress and actions we've taken in these areas and more. To help ensure we adhere to these priorities every day, key components of our ESG goals are reflected in nonfinancial metrics that are incorporated into the leadership team's annual incentive compensation. And just last week, we announced the appointment of a Chief Sustainability Officer, who will report to me and drive further enhancements to our ESG program. 
I want to, again, thank all of our employees for stepping up to the challenges our nation is facing and for remaining focused on delivering for our customers and our shareholders. Our second quarter results and enhanced 2021 outlook demonstrate that our strong fundamental trends continue. Over the long term, we are well positioned to provide our customers innovative and affordable solutions to help address national security threats while driving profitable growth and value creation for our shareholders. 
So with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave, who'll provide more detail on our sector results and our updated 2021 guidance. Dave?

Thanks for the question, Doug. It's because as we look at our portfolio, as I've said before, it's quite broad, both in terms of the technologies that we offer, the integration capabilities that we can provide. And so in each segment of the market, we follow a strategy of both partnering and leading and combining partner capabilities into our own team. 
In National Security Space, for example, we are operating as both a strategic partner to many other primes, while also being able to lead efforts on our own that integrate our technologies and others'. In the case of civil space, in particular, NASA with space exploration, the same is true. Our HALO program is an example of where we're leading. We were awarded that sole-source, but we do have partners on that program that are bringing differentiating technologies, while at the same time, on human lander, we chose to partner, in that case, with Blue Origin. 
So in each case, we look at the capabilities that our team has to bring to the overall mission requirement and whether it's best for us to lead or follow. In order to do that, we need to have strong partnerships, both with the more traditional space companies in our industry as well as some of the new entrants, like SpaceX and Blue that are of a larger scale. And I also don't want any of us to forget that there are a number of smaller companies that also have been very good partners for us in this area and will continue to be in the future, and there are dozens of them. We tend not to go forward with singular and focused partnerships in one particular company but instead have a wide variety of partners that we work with in this area. And that's what we plan to continue to do as the space evolves.

Well, as I was noting, we believe that we should own what is most important to a fully integrated offering that meets mission requirements. And we particularly are focused, in our case, on National Security Space and space exploration, and so we don't feel we need to own everything. Our acquisition of Orbital ATK rounded out our portfolio nicely. We now have both bus offerings as well as the ability to develop satellites on small scale rapidly as well as more exquisite payloads for more sophisticated missions. And we like that breadth of our portfolio as it exists today. That's not to say we have everything we need, which is where partnering comes in. But we don't feel we need to take an equity stake or acquire companies to get access to those capabilities.

Thanks, Ron. So I'll start with the competitions that we see in the latter half of this year. Most of our second half awards are actually noncompetitive. We're looking at F-35 SLS awards in the latter half of the year. There are several restricted programs, which are competitive that we are looking to book in the second half. And we also have IBCS, which I mentioned earlier on the call, which will be selected for full-rate production in the second half of this year. As we look longer term, there are aircraft development programs in the pipeline, but those are a bit further out. And so those are areas, to the second part of your question, that we are investing to position for that are not necessarily evident in our short-range plan. 
The other areas that we're investing in, when I became CEO in 2019, we defined mission campaigns, and I've talked about several of them in the past. They include areas like National Security Space, strategic missiles, where we've made significant progress in the last couple of years executing those campaign strategies, booking new awards and moving our position in those market segments materially. We continue with that focus. And so looking forward, major areas include future manned aircraft and unmanned aircraft. We also see continued growth in our advanced weapons portfolio and our advanced networking and communications portfolio, just to name a few.

Yes, Sheila, why don't I start? And then I'm going to ask Dave to walk through a few of the specific structural items. Look, there is no doubt that our Space business is performing exceptionally. There are some structural items to consider when you look at the first half compared to the second half, we walked you through a few of those: Working days; the timing of our pension cost reductions that flow through our program EACs and the impact on margin; and then timing of particular programs like GBSD, which started to ramp in the second half of last year, and therefore, create a tougher compare in the second half of this. But with that said, this business has exceeded our expectations, frankly, since it was stood up 19 months ago. And we aren't betting against it in the second half. But generally, we don't forecast that kind of success that the business is having, but we certainly strive to deliver it. And that's what the team has been doing all year to this point. 
So I'm going to turn it over to Dave because he can walk you through some of those structural items that I mentioned as you model the second half compared to the first. But I want to leave you with the impression that we still have significant opportunity in the pipeline for this business, I've talked about some of the second half awards, and great momentum that will enable this business to continue to grow.

Thanks, Seth. The HALO program is a firm-fixed-price contract. We don't see it as a development effort per se. It's building off of the habitats that we have built in the past, and so a lot of commonality with prior efforts and strong experience in this area. And that goes to how we think about bidding more generally. You know that we have a track record of not bidding when we assess the risk is too great to be able to mitigate prior to putting in a fixed-price proposal. And we have walked away in the past from opportunities as a result of finding ourselves in that situation. 
We are getting more sophisticated in being able to shape these opportunities and do risk reduction prior to the bid so that we can get comfortable that those risks are well-understood and that we have a plan to mitigate them, and that indeed is the case with HALO. With that said, we have very little firm-fixed-price development work in our portfolio. And as we look across the portfolio and think about that risk exposure, I think part of your question is going to are we doing more of that. And the reality is that we are not doing more fixed-price development work today than we have in the past, and we don't see that as a broad trend in the industry.

Thanks, Rich. It is an important question at this point in time as we do see a transition to more production work. We continue to focus on cost control across the company, and it is aided now by our digital transformation effort. It is an enterprise-wide effort led out of my office. And we are streamlining and automating processes, both for our product development, so taking cost out of the product development cycle and manufacturing, as well as the back office, both of which contribute to margin improvement opportunity. And those will evolve over the next several years as we implement different phases of that digital transformation. 
We're also monitoring labor costs, something that you didn't ask specifically about. But we have not yet seen significant pressure upward on labor costs, but we're tracking it because, as you all know, nationwide, attrition and movement is upward-trending. And we have not seen that in our company. Our attrition is fairly similar to what it was pre-COVID. But we do continue to monitor that and expect to be able to fully offset that with the efficiencies I referenced in our digital transformation, and so that's part of what we're thinking about is we're setting those goals. 
With regard to supplier pricing, we have seen some modest pressure in supplier pricing. It's mostly related to areas where there are supply bottlenecks, think semiconductors, certain commodities. But we expect those to be transitory and to be more than offset by the internal efficiencies I spoke about. And in Dave's team, where we manage our enterprise supplier work, they're doing some really good things to get ahead both contractually and through supplier management of those pressures. 
So Dave, why don't I turn it to you for any additional comments you'd like to make?

Thanks, Kristine. So this gets back to the question Doug was asking as well when we think about partnerships. Clearly, when we lead an effort, we will choose to make sizable investments to protect that program and increase our probability of win over its life because of the advantage that you get when you are the leader, the prime on the effort, and that's exactly what Blue Origin is doing. And it's important to also note that the business case for Blue extends well beyond the NASA program as they think about their aspirations for commercial space travel. 
In the case of Northrop Grumman, we have to do that similar business case assessment. And we've come to different answers in terms of what our contribution should be to the overall program financials, and that's expected, in any good partnership, that you lay out the clear expectations of each party, but also the benefits to be gained by each party and aligning those expectations for financial investments.

Well, first, I'm very pleased that the administration is looking at the National Defense Strategy and the Nuclear Posture Review in an integrated way because it is the threat environment that should define the overall defense strategy and the role of the strategic deterrent in the nuclear programs as part of that strategy. So it's an indication to me that, that's exactly how the administration is thinking about it. 
They've been clear that their assessment of the threat, particularly with Russia being the pacing threat with regard to nuclear and China being a emerging but very rapidly growing threat, and recent intelligence just further supports that, that with that basis, they will look at what each administration before them has done overall Nuclear Posture Review and ensure that the programs and the modernization plans indeed measure up against that threat. We are very confident that once again, the threat assessment, the affordability of these programs and the requirements being met by these programs will line up well to both the NDS and the NPR, and that should play out over the next 6 months or so.

So I absolutely see this being a collection of smaller efforts rather than one large program, and that supports the ability for the government to make this architecture a reality, digesting it by upgrading platforms and sensors with the ability to communicate with one another, share data and be part of an architecture is a much better solution, in my view, than trying to go with a single party or a single platform to be the network of choice. Because the mission requirements vary so greatly. When you think about a contested space and the kind of architecture that you need, it's very different than when you're operating in an uncontested environment like we have been for the last 20 years in the Middle East. 
So there will be many architectures to be able to support different theaters and mission requirements in JADC2, and therefore, an opportunity for all of the industry to participate. Where Northrop Grumman is particularly strong is in our advanced networking, as those capabilities are the core of healthy platforms and systems that were not designed to share data to be able to do so in the future. And I would also note that's a much more affordable answer to getting a platform modernized to be part of a JADC2 architecture than completely redesigning or replacing the platform itself.

Yes. So GBSD is still close to $1 billion of incremental revenue this year as we anticipated. And about 60% of the growth is non-GBSD in the midpoint of our guide as we project out for the remainder of the year. So healthy growth across the entirety of the portfolio, not just GBSD. And I will note and have spoken about this before, GBSD will continue to grow into next year and 2023. So it has a long ramp, if you will. But it's just amazing to hear you repeat it, $2 billion of growth in that segment is just tremendous. The team is executing and winning work at a rate that I haven't seen in my time in the industry. So kudos to them.

We expect it to. Again, we will provide more color on our '22 guidance, but we expect Space to continue to be our fastest-growing segment. It will modulate from this year certainly. There just aren't the same number of opportunities going into 2022 that there are in 2021. We still have confidence in this team's ability to win. But do see that modulating a bit, but still plenty of growth drivers for 2022.

So cyber continues to be an important stand-alone market segment. When we think about the work we're doing for customers to enable secure processing, secure communications, oftentimes, those programs are wrapped up under those umbrellas when we talk about a processing program or a communications program. In addition, now the ability to securely command and control or communicate is a differentiator in many of the programs that we're bidding and winning. It was true on GBSD. 
Secure command and control was an essential requirement and we were able to bring forward a solution to that requirement based on the strength of our cyber expertise that we gain largely from our direct work with the government on securing their assets but then apply internally as we build new weapon systems. So a lot of synergy with our stand-alone cyber portfolio. Even though it, in and of itself, is not that large, it does drive opportunity and differentiation across the entirety of the business. And we see it continuing to grow. It has been growing for a decade, and we expect that trend to continue. It's just about every weapon system now has requirements for secured.

Thank you, Todd. Well, again, this quarter, we demonstrated our ability to execute our strategy and deliver growth, operational excellence and balanced capital deployment. So our strong performance, all the credit goes to the team, and I want to thank them again for their hard work and continued effort. As we look forward, I have great confidence in our future. Thanks for joining us today. I look forward to our next call in October.