Thanks, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us.
The Northrop Grumman team delivered another quarter of solid performance. Our top line returned to growth with continued strong execution. Demand for our products remained robust with a book-to-bill ratio of near 1, including a number of key awards in our restricted and Missile Defense portfolios. And we remain on track to deliver strong results for the year, with growth expected to accelerate as we look toward next year.
Taking a step back for a moment from the quarter, I'd like to start with an update on the global security environment. Earlier this month, the Biden administration released its full version of the National Security Strategy, which is used as a guide for policy and budget decisions.
The strategy spotlights the dynamic and challenging threat landscape around the world, and stresses the importance of working with allies, maintaining a strong industrial base and continuing to invest in advanced technology. It also reinforces the triad as a top priority.
So it's clear that Northrop Grumman's portfolio continues to be extremely well aligned with the requirements outlined in the National Security Strategy. This is reflected in the administration's fiscal year 2023 budget request, which showed alignment with these priorities and strong support for many of our key programs.
Throughout this summer, congressional committees marked up the administration's defense budget request, generally increasing the proposed level of funding with the intent of strengthening the country's defense posture and addressing the impacts of inflation.
Based on these additions, we believe that the ultimate fiscal year '23 base defense budget will be higher than the President's budget request. And as you know, we started off this fiscal year in another continuing resolution, which currently extends to mid-December, and this is factored into our guidance. We are confident in our program funding positions and hopeful that the annual budget will be passed by year-end.
Meanwhile, global commitments to invest in Defense and National Security capability continue. In Europe, we've seen increased demand for our Integrated Air and Missile Defense solutions and precision weapons and advanced ammunition.
In the Asia Pacific region, we've seen similar interest in Air and Missile Defense as well as Maritime ISR, Advanced Radar and other Mission Systems. All this points to a strong demand environment for Northrop Grumman. And we're doing our part by investing in solutions and capacity to address many of our customers' most pressing needs.
This year, we expect to invest over $2.5 billion in CapEx and research and development. And as a result, we're winning new business and bolstering our backlog for long-term growth. Our backlog has increased year-to-date in each of our 4 segments and is up nearly 5% overall.
Given this, we now expect that our full year 2022 book-to-bill ratio will be over 1, a significant improvement from where we started the year. This increase is attributed not only to the robust defense budget environment, but also a strong competitive win rate.
That said, we recognize that our industry and many others are experiencing macroeconomic volatility that we haven't seen in decades. Inflation remains at 40-year high, lead times have been extended in certain areas of our supply chain, and the labor market shows signs of easing, but it remains tight for critical skills. Our team is tackling these challenges, keeping a focus on our people and performance and driving efficiencies across the business.
In the labor market, we've driven improvements in hiring and retention over the past several months, which Dave will describe in more detail. This was instrumental in our return to growth in the third quarter. And it's worth noting that this favorable trend has continued into the fourth quarter as well. This supports our full year 2022 guidance and our outlook for accelerated sales in 2023.
In the supply chain, we continue to experience disruptions in delayed deliveries in certain areas of our business, which we have -- that has been a headwind to growth. It's a risk that we're closely monitoring, and we're working with our suppliers to mitigate. But we do anticipate that supply chain challenges will continue in 2023, and this is now reflected into our 2023 outlook.
Elevated inflation levels in both labor and supply chain has persisted more than expected as we came into this year. To address this, we are implementing operational efficiencies and working with many of our customers on program funding and other contract actions to support the health of the defense industrial base. We believe this balanced approach is the best solution to allow continued investment in the capabilities to support our customers' mission.
With that said, we see these as temporal challenges and remain committed to driving our segment margin rates higher over time.
Turning now to the execution of our long-term strategy. One of the key elements of our strategy is a relentless focus on performance. That's why I was particularly pleased to receive the 2022 Deming Cup for operational excellence on behalf of Northrop Grumman earlier this week.
The award recognizes our achievements and leadership in creating a culture of operational excellence and continuous improvement across the company. Our customers recognize this commitment and have entrusted us to deliver some of the most technologically advanced next-generation systems and solutions.
The B-21 Raider is 1 such example, and we're excited to unveil the aircraft to the public on December 2. The B-21s outstanding performance can be directly tied to our company's investment in digital tools and facilities, and the incredible U.S. Air Force and Northrop Grumman team, who are developing this sixth-generation platform.
The program continues to progress through testing in preparation for first flight in 2023. Last month, we announced a data sharing agreement on B-21, enhancing data access and collaboration across the program, including the launch of a shared environment for the B-21 digital twin. This data sharing agreement enhances our partnership with the Air Force and further demonstrates our digital maturity on the program.
Our Mission Systems solutions are another area of our portfolio where innovation is critical to success, where the fast pace of threats and new technologies is driving the need for platforms and sensors to be able to connect with one another, share data and be part of a broader family of systems. In this growing market, we're building on our strong position in sensors, secure communications and networking to compete for and win new opportunities.
For example, last month, we were selected to be a member of the Air Force's ABMS Digital Infrastructure Consortium. And we're also seeing interest from global customers including the Australian Defense Force where we recently demonstrated a product solution with robust C2 functionality to link sensors and effectors across domains.
Another significant area of focus for the U.S. and our allies is the modernization of Missile Defense solutions to address current and future missile threats. We continue to strengthen our position in this area with a $1.3 billion Ground-based Midcourse Defense Weapon System award in the third quarter. This award builds on our Missile Defense portfolio and helps our customers defend against intermediate and intercontinental missile attacks.
And turning to our weapons business. I'm pleased to share that we've now delivered more than 100,000 Precision Guidance Kits to the U.S. Army. These projectiles provide enhanced precision to artillery units and come embedded with built-in safety features. We've exceeded requirements on both accuracy and reliability with these upgrades.
And one last area that I'll highlight is hypersonics, where we continue to win new competitive business. Last month, the Air Force selected our Raytheon and Northrop Grumman team to develop the Hypersonic Attack Cruise Missile also known as HACM. HACM builds on our scramjet propulsion technology and ushers in a new era of faster, more survivable weapons.
This program is one of several hypersonic opportunities within our portfolio. We're approaching this market as both a prime and a sub, bringing our expertise in high-speed propulsion, survival navigation and targeting capabilities, and systems integration to multiple solutions.
These are just a few examples of markets where we continue to grow our business by delivering the products and solutions that our customers want and need, while also building long-term value for our shareholders.
So now, I'll turn it over to Dave, who will provide more color on our Q3 results and touch on our expectations for 2023. Dave?

Doug, thanks for the question. Supply chain certainly is central to not only the remainder of this year, but next. So let me try to characterize, not particularly in numerical terms, but in more -- less quantitative terms, what we have been seeing.
It is in particular areas of the supply chain. So it is not widespread, but it's in areas that are important -- is component to our development programs, in particular, where we have seen delays that then result in impacts to those development efforts. And so it's the timing of sales not necessarily a deferment of sales, if you will.
And this year, I would point to our 2022 original guidance, which was our expectations with either minimal or no supply chain disruption, because when we put that plan together late last year, we were not anticipating the level of supply chain disruption nor the duration of supply chain disruption that we've experienced.
So throughout the year, we've pointed you now to the low end of our sales guidance. And I would say the best way to think quantitatively about the impact is, we would have expected to be on the high end of that guidance had we not experienced the supply chain disruption.
Now I do want to point out, and we've said it in the call that we expect these challenges to persist into 2023. So when I talk about timing, we do not expect all of what we experienced in 2022 to recover by the end of 2023. We expect these issues to be a bit sticky for the next year. We do expect them to resolve in the 18- to 24-month time frame.

So our -- plans for capital deployment are still aligned with what we've been saying all year, a balanced approach to capital deployment, still investing in supporting the growth of the business that we've experienced, which as we said, has been even more robust we anticipated coming into this year, not just because demand is higher, but we have been quite successful in competitive wins. So we'll continue to invest to be able to deliver that business successfully and generate the resulting earnings and cash flows from it.
We also look at our dividend as a significant part of our capital deployment strategy. We have been consistently raising the dividend, this year another 10% increase. And so we will think favorably into next year about the dividend as a mechanism for returning capital to shareholders.
The remaining piece is share repurchase, which I know was the core part of your question, and this year, we are on track for $1.5 billion of share repurchase. We plan to complete that. We do expect that to be slightly higher next year. As we look at our plans for capital deployment, we will share those with you in more specificity and what our guidance is for share count in January.
But safe to say, we are still on the mindset of returning 100% of our free cash flow to shareholders. And those 3 elements are the major ways in which we'll do that in 2023.

Yes, they are. And I applaud the work that DoD is doing. I think they and we would agree that we need to continue to do more, particularly for medium and small businesses, who find themselves lower in the supply chain and even in circumstances where primes may have a cost-plus contract. They often have fixed prices that we need to adjust.
And so the government working with the prime to address that impact on small businesses, I outlined in my comments earlier on this call, is going to be important for the health of the Defense Industrial Base.
And we, as an industry, are doing our part. Certainly looking at those investments and managing some of our cash into the supply chain in ways that we have not historically done for the benefit of keeping those businesses healthy. And we've been doing that now for the last several years, really since the pandemic began, and I expect we will continue to do that.
There are impacts, though, to large business as well. And so we are all in this together, as you point out, and we have work ahead of us. I am encouraged by Congress' comments that they expect that the '23 budget will start to address some of these challenges. And I'm hopeful that as the administration puts their 2024 budget together, they will continue on the path to identifying funding that would allow us to keep the Defense Industrial Base healthy.

Well, Kristine, I wouldn't rule it out as we sit here today, but I'm also not announcing any plans. We currently are executing our strategy, which is, as I said a few minutes ago, for a balanced capital deployment strategy, and we think that is the right thing for our company.
Our foundation and fundamentals are incredibly strong. With the growth in our backlog, the ability to grow the business top line, we want to ensure that we're investing appropriately in that. It's the best thing for our shareholders in the long-term, we believe, as well as our customers who need this capability and capacity that we're delivering. So that remains our top priority.
And we, as I have said, are committed to return 100% of our free cash flow this year and that to our shareholders, and we'll do that in the balance of dividends and share repurchase. But as you know, we have used ASRs in the past, and we have looked at share repurchase, and we'll continue to do that on a regular basis and keep you apprised of any change in our plan.

So in the -- earlier in the call, we outlined 3 major elements that we are monitoring closely. The first is our own labor. And we have talked about that throughout this year as being a bit of a headwind for us in the first half of the year. We were not adding headcount and retaining headcount at the level we needed to fuel our growth. And that started to turn the corner in the summer. And you've seen in the third quarter, really robust results in net headcount growth, as Dave outlined, with nearly 3,000 adds.
We are this environment that we're experiencing currently, not necessarily nearly 3,000 adds in a quarter, but this hiring and retention environment is what persisted into 2023. There could be some opportunity there. As you all know certain firms are reducing their headcount or at least their hiring. So ER, as I noted, seen that in certain areas, the labor market is starting to soften. But we aren't counting on that being a significant tailwind to us next year. We're looking at it continuing about like we see it today.
In supply chain, as we noted, we do expect the disruption that we now see in the supply chain to have lingering effects into 2023. And we've done our best to capture those in what we've now reflected as our updated guidance. But if they were to get worse, we certainly would have some downside risk. I don't expect them to get significantly better. So unlike labor, I would say that one is more of a risk.
And then in the third area of inflation, we are tying to the indices as we look forward. We certainly have now captured the inflationary pressures that some of what we indicated was the downside on segment operating margin rates that we saw in the third quarter of this year. And your guess is as good as mine as to, when this inflation really start to modulate. So we're using the indices as our best way to get our arms around that. I don't see that as a big opportunity or risk. I think that one we probably have hedged pretty well, but we're monitoring it, as I said.
So that was a lot of context. But I think it's important because we did put a 2023 outlook in front of you, even at this early stage, which we often do, but I will say this is a more volatile time than we often experience going into the following year.

Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. We are also very excited about the rollout on December 2, but we are keeping our focus on the performance of the program. So while it's important for us to celebrate milestones as they come. It's also long-term program, as you suggest. And so we are working that program as we are all to each quarter reflect what we know about the current environment and our projections going forward.
And as we outlined earlier this year, we spent a good bit of time actually talking through the B-21 and how we were keeping our assumptions updated. That continues to hold true. And so there's nothing to report to you in any material change on our outlook for the profitability on that program.

Thanks, Sheila. Certainly, the disruption that we're talking about does hit short-cycle businesses a little more than long cycle. And so there is a bit of that in Defense, but really, it's more about the portfolio shift that we are making. One is the growth that we're seeing in munitions and particularly that demand, which we expect to grow even more with the conflict in Ukraine. But we also see IBCS as a centerpiece of that growth, both domestically and internationally.
I noted in my comments that we have gotten significantly more increased interest in demand coming out of Europe on IBCS over the last several months. So those are growth drivers. But those are offset by retirements of legacy platforms that we sustain out of the Defense Systems sector. And we've been talking about those as headwinds to AS for a while. But as those programs are retired, those platforms sustainment impacts are being felt in DS. So that would be programs like Joint STARS and Global Hawk.

Thanks for the question. When we look at the portfolio, it has been broad-based in terms of the improvement that we've seen in our expectations for book-to-bill. All 4 segments now projecting over 1. And it has been most pronounced in Space, where we've called out some specific opportunities that were competitive. So to your point, taking share that we were able to secure that we may not have anticipated winning as many of those as we started the year as we ultimately have.
We feel that we are in a good position with backlog in each of the businesses going into 2023, supporting the accelerated growth that we've laid out in our outlook for next year. We don't expect that our book-to-bill next year will be as robust as it was this year, because we do have quite a bit of backlog that we will be carrying into the year, and the opportunities that is not as strong in 2023, but we do see then that picking up again in '24 and '25.
So I would tell you, we tend not to look at awards on a single year basis and calculate book-to-bill only on a single year. We look at it on a running basis, and our system is strong, as an aggregate over the last 3 years, we expect that to continue well into the future.

For Space, we've seen broad-based opportunities across both Launch and Missiles as well as our Space segment, and we expect that to continue, there are multiple programs that will be selected for next phase and be awarded in that time frame in both elements of our Space business.

Well, it's an excellent question. And because we're in an active competition, I won't speak too much about our approach. But what I would say is that we constantly look for ways to deliver more value to the customer based on a broad set of capabilities, both in the case of Interceptors as well as our Missile Defense portfolio, which I've noted, has been growing, and we expect it to continue to grow.
Taking a full mission understanding of the threat environment as it evolves and bringing it back into our product development strategy is key across the entire portfolio, but NGI will also benefit from that level of expertise that we have with the threat, the solution elements and submission.

Well, David, actually, when we look across the entirety of the company, F-35 is pretty flat going into 2023. So we have a lot of moving parts, as you indicated. In Aerospace, we have volume that is fairly consistent in our case. Because remember, we build a couple of years, about 18 months ahead of Lockheed Martin. And so we are maxing out at our limitations of capacity for building center fuselages. And so that project flattish into 2023, as Dave noted earlier.
But in our Mission Systems side of the business, while we have DAS, which is being replaced with new product insertion. We're also working on new products insertion in the other elements of the portfolio. So we have some development work going on in Block 4 that continues to grow and production there, too, is fairly stable as we look out over this time period and sustainment is growing.
So when you take all of those elements across the entirety of our portfolio, F-35 is pretty flat going into 2023, and we expect to be relatively flat going into 2024, maybe a little bit of upside to that.

Thanks, Todd. Look, before concluding today's call, I'd just like to take a moment to thank our entire team for another strong quarter in what we have appropriately characterized this challenging macroeconomic time. So business fundamentals for Northrop Grumman remain incredibly strong, and that's due to the work of this entire team.
But I want to especially think 1 of our team members, Mary Petryszyn, who will be retiring from Northrop Grumman in January. She has provided 10 years of outstanding service to our company, most recently as the Defense Systems front, and we wish her the very best.
On October 17, I'm sure you all noted that Roshan Roeder became our new President of Defense Systems. She is an experienced executive in our company. I'm very confident in her ability to take the business to the next level, and I look forward to introducing her to many of you.
So thank you for joining our call today. I expect to see many of you in the coming months. But for those, I don't see, let me wish you a healthy and happy holiday season, and we look forward to talking to you in January.