Thanks, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We've seen significant changes to the geopolitical landscape since our last earnings call. Russia's invasion of Ukraine has consequences for the stability of the region in addition to creating a profound humanitarian crisis. Our thoughts are with the people of Ukraine as they defend their freedom and protect their way of life. 
Through the Northrop Grumman Foundation, we are committing aid to help the people of Ukraine, including matching our employees' personal donations to select charitable organizations. This situation underscores the importance of having strong defensive capabilities to deter broader aggression and contain global conflicts. 
At Northrop Grumman, we've worked to ensure our country and its allies have these deterrent capabilities. Modern deterrence depends on our customers' ability to maintain advantage over competitors in multiple domains from undersea to space and cyberspace and every domain in between. Northrop Grumman continues to demonstrate our ability to bring deterrent solutions to a more complicated world through unique capabilities in areas such as stealth, cyber, space, computing, propulsion and communications to name a few. I'll talk more specifically about our capabilities and our strategy in a few moments. But first, let's address the budget trends we see in light of this threat environment. 
In the U.S., there is bipartisan support for increasing defense budgets. Congress finalized the fiscal year 2022 defense appropriations in March, and the administration has since issued the fiscal year 2023 defense budget request. Both of these base budgets showed solid 4% to 5% top line growth with additional potential in supplemental funding. Based on initial indications from Congress, the final fiscal year 2023 appropriation could be even higher than the initial request as Congress looks to address the evolving threat landscape, but also to offset inflationary pressures. 
Currently, the fiscal year 2023 budget request includes a 4% increase in the investment accounts. The main driver behind this increase is a 9% increase in R&D to fund development of critical capabilities, particularly in space and deterrents. Space continues to be one of the fastest-growing defense budget areas with a 30%-plus year-over-year increase. The request also fully fund modernization of the strategic deterrent, including initial production funding for B-21 as well as significant year-over-year increase in development funding for GBSD. 
And NASA budgets are also growing in support of a new era of space exploration. The FY '23 budget request includes an 8% increase over FY '22, including funding ongoing programs such as Artemis and new initiatives for Moon to Mars efforts. And globally, there is an ongoing paradigm shift regarding national security and several allies have pledged to increase defense spending as a result. We stand ready to support them in achieving their national security objectives as well. 
With the budget environment as context, I'll take a few minutes to step back and frame our business strategy. Our fundamental goal is to be the leading technology company, enabling the U.S. and its allies to protect freedom, deter conflict and sustain our planet. Our business strategy, which we've been executing for several years is focused on 4 core areas. First, is maintaining technology leadership and delivering innovative and affordable solutions with speed. Next is sustainably and profitably growing our business in our customers' highest priority missions while maintaining contracting discipline. Third is keeping a laser focus on performance and driving cost efficiencies. And finally, we are focused on deploying our capital in value-creating ways for our customers and investors. 
This strategy has created strong alignment with our customer priorities and strengthened our portfolio position. As we sit here today, we expect this will enable us to accelerate our revenue growth rate in 2023 from the low single digits in our 2022 guidance. By 2024, we also expect that by growing our business and delivering strong operational performance, we will be able to drive our segment operating margin rate to approximately 12%. And we continue to expect to grow our transaction-adjusted free cash flow at a double-digit CAGR through this period. 
From a capital deployment perspective, investing in our business to support this growth outlook remains our top priority. After making such investments, we are targeting a return of at least 100% of our free cash flow to investors in 2022. Underlying these performance goals and expectations is our position in several priority growth areas for our customers. 
Our role in supporting deterrents across all domains is in direct alignment to the needs of today's changing global national security environment. For nearly 7 decades, the U.S. has successfully mitigated the risk of broader global conflict through strategic deterrents. Northrop Grumman is the prime contractor on 2 of these recurrent deterrents modernization program. 
For the B-21 program, the Air Force confirmed that the first aircraft has entered the ground test phase, paving the way for first flight, and there are 5 additional test aircraft in various stages of assembly. This progress is partly enabled by our digital design capabilities and advanced manufacturing technologies, which reduce risk ahead of the aircraft's first flight. And looking forward, we expect sales on the B-21 program to grow as the EMD phase continues, and we progress into low rate initial production. This assumption underpins our expectations for aeronautics revenue to be flat next year and return to growth in 2024. 
For GBSD, we remain on schedule. The program is expected to continue to ramp over the next couple of years as we execute on the $13 billion EMD contract with nearly [ $1.9 billion ] in expected revenue in 2022. We still expect the program to enter production in the 2026 time frame with initial operating capability planned for 2029. GBSC production is expected to be a material growth driver in the middle of the decade as is reflected in the precedent budget. 
In addition, our space business continues to experience rapid growth as our customers rearchitect their space-based capabilities. This growth is in response to adversaries developing more sophisticated weapons, the need for more capable missile defense warning systems as well as the migration of some airborne missions to the space domain. 
In the first quarter, we've received several new awards that showcase the breadth of our space portfolio and our ability to compete and win in various domains, including ground systems and proliferated LEO constellations. These awards build on our significant backlog and positions our space business for expected double-digit growth once again this year. 
Notable wins in this quarter included nearly $700 million award for 42 satellites in low-Earth orbit that provide high-speed, low-latency communications for the Space Development Agency's transport layer. And we won a $340 million contract for Deep-Space Advanced Radar Capability, or DARC, that dramatically improves situational awareness, particularly in geosynchronous orbit. And in Q2, we anticipate an approximately $2 billion award from ULA to provide GEM 63 motors for launch services, including in support of Amazon's Project Kuiper. 
Another area where we see meaningful future growth opportunities is in Mission Systems, particularly our network information solutions business, which at its core is a communications and processing business. In this area, we have proven technology leadership in connecting and linking military systems with a broad portfolio of products, including networking systems and radios and cyber computing and AI capabilities. We're seeing a rapid evolution in this area with ambitious goals from our customers to [ field open ] distributed secure networks that are more survivable. Initiatives like JADC2 are providing demand for our existing platform-agnostic solutions as well as providing opportunities for new technologies we are developing. 
And we are creating partnerships like the 5G partnership with AT&T that we announced this month to strengthen our competitive position. We believe this communications business will be the fastest-growing area of MS over the next couple of years. 
Given all that I've just outlined, you can see that our portfolio is aligned to the evolving national security environment and priority areas for our customers. We continue to demonstrate our ability to deliver compelling solutions in this environment. 
Ultimately, executing on our strategy depends on having the right culture and people. This is one of the reasons we focus on remaining an industry leader in ESG. I encourage you to look at our annual sustainability report, which we published in March. It provides insights to our progressive governance structure, our culture, our commitment to ethics, diversity, equity and inclusion and environmental sustainability. 
As we shared in this year's report, we are committing to net zero emissions in our operations by 2035. We also published our first TCFD report, which provides additional transparency around our approach to managing the climate-related risks and opportunities across our business. 
So with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Dave to provide more detail on our results and guidance, and then we'll move on to Q&A. Dave?

Sure, Doug. And you did a nice job of outlining the key moving parts in the aero portfolio. Let me start with the mature programs. These are the ones we've been talking about for several years, Global Hawk, Joint STARS, that are in the Air Force plan for retirement and that is happening in the near term. 
Then we have things like what you noted with E2D, it will reach its program of record quantities over the next several years. We don't see this as an issue in '23 and '24. But as we look to '25 and beyond, that program will be reliant on international sales. And I will say that we are building quite a bit of international interest for E2D and prosecuting on a pipeline there, but the Navy program of record will reach its full quantity. 
And then F-35, we look at that as fairly stable over the next couple of years is what we've been saying, and I know there's a question about the quantity in the budget request and how that impacts the Northrop Grumman quantities. It really doesn't have a material impact because we already were planning to build toward our capacity and working with Lockheed Martin. It appears that, that plan is still intact. 
And then as you know, there are some opportunities that layer additional sales into the plan over the next several years. B-21 being the most notable, for the first time, the President's budget shows the production land starting in 2023. And you can see that, that grows significantly in that same time frame. So lots of puts and takes, but as we look forward to 2023, we see those netting out to about flat with where we expect to finish 2022. And then largely based on B-21 growth and not having any major headwinds in 2024 from the other programs I just outlined, we see growth in 2024.

We still see both the Air Force and the Navy looking at unmanned systems as a key part of their architecture. That these won't be either the highest quantity or the highest-priced assets in their fleet. So when you think about the overall materiality of unmanned systems in an aeronautics portfolio, whether it be ours or others, it's not going to be one of the bigger drivers for growth over the next decade, but it will be important. 
And the capabilities that we have and that we have refined through our work on our HALE platforms as well as some smaller platforms, I think is highly relevant to our positioning for this market in the future.

Yes. Thanks for the question because this is an important thing for us to touch on, and that's why we've provided a bit more clarity on what production looks like on the B-21 program as we are approaching that phase. We did this a -- that quantity, that quantity is not something I can share, but it's a small portion of the overall program of record as part of the initial bid, and that is what constitutes LRIP and that was bid as fixed price. And as we put that bid together, of course, we, at the time, laid in some expectations around growth inflation to adjust to this time period. And we will continue to look at whether those assumptions still hold. 
I'll remind you, we're not really going to be into the production phase for a couple of years in any significant way. And so we still have a good bit of time and we expect inflation is going to modulate and we're not seeing based on the assumptions we've made today a material impact to the program. 
And part of why Dave shared how we think about the accounting on the program is so that you know we are already looking at those road blocks since we are obligated under our initial proposal for those quantities and still expect to be able to produce those within the government target price, which is published and is updated and adjusted for inflation on a regular basis. The last time the Air Force did that was in 2019, a little over $600 million [indiscernible] and we continue to look at our own bids and make sure that we see a path to executing those quantities profitably, and we reiterated that again today.

So mix is becoming less of a factor for us in the next few years. We had talked about our mix being roughly 50% cost type and 50% fixed plus price. That's exactly where we are as we sit here in the first quarter. And we don't see that varying too much over the next couple of years, maybe a percentage point higher on cost plus or 2 as we look at the next couple of years. 
When we see that inflection point to more fixed price is if both B-21 and GBSD start to move into their production phases. And so you can think of that notionally around the '25, '26 time frame, the middle part of the decade. And even then, we don't see a very large swing in our mix because we still have development work that we'll be bidding and continuing to execute in the pipeline. So mix is less of a factor as we look forward at the company level. 
Now I will note that when you get into the segment level, for instance, in space, those drivers are more pronounced. And so we do see a bit more of a mix shift there. 
And you asked about how we think of that in terms of profitability. So mix no longer being a big driver when we think about profitability and cost efficiency and performance being the 2 big drivers that we are focused on. So I talked about that in our strategy in terms of cost efficiencies. We've put in place a dedicated team at the company level, and we're working all elements of cost to ensure that we're operating as efficiently as possible.

Sure, Ron. Well, we've definitely seen interest pick up across Europe, and we've been engaging with customers there to understand their needs and time lines. Of course, we haven't seen a dramatic shift in immediate spending plans. Part of what I know each of the countries is thinking their way through is what the need is and then what their requests will be and what their reliance on U.S. product will be. So we expect that to be more of a '23, '24 time frame to get clarity and start to see real award opportunities. 
In the meantime, we are providing a good deal of support to Ukraine just in the sense of our assets being used either by the U.S. or our NATO partners to provide surveillance, intelligence and monitoring of the situation and as well providing some additional capabilities into Poland.

Well, even though the Nuclear Posture Review hasn't been fully released, there has been executive summary provided and the President has supported all 3 legs of the triad in the Nuclear Posture Review. As I was spending time on the Hill just this week, I still see very strong bipartisan support for all 3 legs of the triad. And to your point, I think that support has even grown in the last 2 months as a result of Russia's invasion of Ukraine and a recognition of the importance of the triad to contain that conflict. So we see that continuing to be a tailwind to the modernization programs that are underway.

Yes. David, as I mentioned in my remarks, we do expect our revenue growth to accelerate into 2023. Right now, we see that in line with 2023 consensus. It's really early even in this year, but we expect 2022 to be in low single-digit growth as we outlined in our guide and with the growth rate accelerating in the second half. So we do expect that momentum that we see in the second half of this year to carry into 2023. And of course, the 2023 President's budget is a good indication that demand for our products is holding up extremely well. 
The one thing I would note is we're fairly mindful of the supply side challenges that continue. Certainly, we saw those most notably at the beginning of this year, and they have, in our case, really moderated as we looked at March and April performance. But we're keeping a close eye on everything from the tight labor market to inflation and COVID-related headwinds that could slow down our growth rate, even though we have strong budget support for our programs.
So I'd sum all that up by saying there's reason for optimism, and we have optimism, but it's cautious optimism. And it's a bit early in the year for me to try to put a number on our 2023 growth rate given all of those puts and takes. But we'll certainly keep you updated on each quarterly call on our outlook for next year.

Well, the government is looking at layering production on top of EMD. And so what you can see in the fight is a pretty stark jump in '23 as production gets layered in. But of course, keep in mind, all of those dollars won't be spent in calendar year '23. And then there's not as pronounced a step up after that, but production funding still remains healthy as EMD starts to come down. And that's the profile we would typically see on a program like this. But it does project robust funding for B-21 through the decade. And we -- that is what we are anticipating as well.

Yes. So I should have been more clear, and thanks for pointing that out. We do expect more cost-plus work in space over the next couple of years as GBSD continues to grow. We're also executing on next-generation interceptor, which is a big growth driver and then some assorted classified efforts that are in the development phase and continuing to scale as well. 
In terms of other businesses that are moving in the opposite direction, so stronger margin rates, aeronautics is one that we see having stronger margin rates, you already see that in our guide for this year being higher than last. And we anticipate that we'll continue to see strong and healthy margin rates there. 
Defense and Mission Systems already performed at very strong margin rates, so we expect that to continue. But the real offset that we see is space and aero. And I will also say that in space, we've seen the bulk of that pressure already because keep in mind, while GBSD will continue to grow in the EMD phase, but not to the extent that we've seen, it went from a couple hundred million a year to over $2 billion and so -- over this time period, and the majority of that will already have happened through the '22 period.

Yes. So there's a lot to unpack there. Let me start with the commentary around rocket motor providers. We are performing well across the board for our primes and we do not believe that any comments that were made relate to Northrop Grumman performance. We continue to offer our capability to any who would like to have our rocket motors and we're going to continue to do that. And we're investing in that business to make sure that we are a good and stable performer and provider. 
In terms of our exposure to Ukraine and Russian rocket motors, we do have some exposure on our CRS contract. So this is where, through our Antares launch vehicle, we procure rocket motors from Russia and cores from Ukraine. We have what we need for the next 2 launches. And so there isn't immediate disruption. And we have a plan in place that we could use other sources, if needed, beyond those 2 launches. But of course, it's our preference to keep the relationship intact between Russia and the U.S. around the space station, and that's what these rocket motors are used for to take cargo to the International Space Station. But we are working closely with NASA to make sure we're following the U.S. government lead in that case.

Well, it's an excellent strategic question, Kristine, and one that we spend a good deal of time thinking about. And I will say our first priority is investing in the business. And you have seen us invest at an elevated level of both CapEx as well as our R&D as a percentage of sales over the last several years. And we are not backing away from that core part of our strategy. 
I noted when I laid out our strategic plan that technology leadership and innovation is core to how we have attained the position that we're in and in my view, will be the most important factor to retaining that position of strength. And so we will continue to invest in our business. 
But with that said, strong cash flows. And as you noted, a strong outlook for growth to fuel those cash flows gives us a lot of optionality in our capital deployment strategy. We do believe that at some point, M&A may come back on the table. But for the immediate term, as you said, large needle-moving M&A is likely not to be a strategy that we can execute. 
And so we are looking at returning capital to our shareholders at this important time through a competitive dividend and share buyback. We do tend to prefer share repurchase in this environment to give us a little more flexibility as environmental factors change. But share repurchase is still a core part of our strategy, but it's by no means the only method that we believe we create value for shareholders, and we stay focused on investing in our company.

Yes, Cai. We do not expect book-to-bill to be over 1 this year. It is off to a stronger start than we expected. And so we'll be clear, it is likely to be higher than we anticipated coming into the year, but still don't see it crossing the 1.0 threshold. And space is a key driver, as you've noted, of that strength but we see broad strength in bookings this year beyond what we had expected some nice competitive wins in our Defense Systems business and our aero business also having strong awards, particularly as we look to book Lot 15 aggregate demand on F-35 this year. 
What we look at, and I've mentioned this on prior calls, is a multiyear book-to-bill. And so having a portfolio where we've brought in some very sizable long-term awards like B-21 and GBSD, we have a backward-looking book-to-bill over 1.2 aggregate for the last 3 years. And so we don't expect to have that kind of performance in book-to-bill every year, but we still expect our 4-year average once we take '22 into consideration to be well over 1.1. So sustaining the backlog growth that we need to fuel the business growth we anticipate.

I would just say that we see an environment where we can keep that multiyear average well above 1.

So Myles, I wouldn't point to any 1 part of our business where we are seeing dramatic impacts. Aero, where we have high volume line in F-35, we saw it last year, and we talked about that quite clearly. As we got into the first quarter of this year, and the plan that we laid in place, we are meeting that plan on F-35, but there was impact. And we still are working to address that impact on the F-35. Other than that, there's really no single program or area of the business that I'd point to just a little bit of sluggish attendance coming into this year due to COVID cases, some light impacts on electronics supply both to Mission Systems and Defense Systems, but nothing material enough to really call out individually.

Well, I would point you to the finance. So the budget does not show a peak revenue year through fiscal year 2027. So I can't provide you much more than that because quantities and the like are classified. But if you just look at what was in the -- what the administration submitted. Now, of course, this has to go through appropriations, and it's always subject to annual revision as well. But what was submitted this year for the 5-year outlook does not show a peak year through 2027. Does that help?

Well, I can't really comment on B-21 mix of EMD and production rate. And so let me go straight to your broader strategic question, which is an important one on whether the government will likely shift away from fixed price development. 
I do believe that there will be a shift away. And I think we've already seen that to a large degree. And frankly, B-21, while we were asked to bid fixed-price LRIP, we did not have a fixed-price development phase of that program. And there's a very important distinction in my mind between production, even early stages of production at fixed price and the development phase being at fixed price. And of course, GBSD is a cost-plus development program. 
So that's why I suggest that we are already seeing a shift on major weapons systems development to a cost-plus development phase, which, in my mind, has always been the right approach for the government to contract for development. By definition, there is inherent technology development and risk associated with that phase and you want to be able to apply resources to reduce that risk into production. 
And if the government doesn't have that latitude because they are set at fixed price, then the contractor has to do that, often out of their own profit, which is really tough decisions to make. And I think it impacts the ability then for the program to be successful over the full life cycle. 
And of course, the majority of the government's costs are in the production and sustainment phases of the life cycle, not development. But I think the government recognizes this and it's why we've seen a shift away from fixed price development on these large weapon systems. Now there still will be some fixed price development in the system, but I don't see it being a material driver.

Well, George, as you know, we did look at the entirety of our portfolio and divested the IT services business that was in defense. And we were very intentional and thoughtful about that. But we looked at the rest of the portfolio and feel that it has nice synergy with our business, and we do see opportunity to grow that business. Just a little bit of reset here that, that business is experiencing but the weapons portfolio continues to grow, and we have nice synergy between the aircraft sustainment and modernization and our aeronautics business. And our IBCS portfolio sits in there, and we absolutely, as that program now is maturing and we've won full rate production fee growth there. So we're happy with the portfolio, a little bit of transition to growth that we're still working our way through here. But no, nothing else that I would look to divest in that portfolio right now.

And that's probably a good place to leave it. I think we are blessed to have a lot of A teams. So thanks, everybody, for calling in today and listening to our call. As always, we wish you well and look forward to talking to you again in July. Take care.