Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. 
I want to congratulate the Northrop Grumman team for delivering outstanding 2020 results. I applaud our employee support for one another, our customers and our communities in the face of 2020's multiple challenges. Together with our suppliers and partners, we operated through the pandemic, executed well on our programs, maintained superior performance on critical global security missions and one program that strengthen our foundation for the future.  
We began 2020 operating in a new sector structure, which further aligns our unique capabilities in Space, Missiles, Advanced Weapons, Mission Systems and Aeronautics. This alignment enables the capture of additional revenue synergies, particularly in Space and Advanced Weapons, as well as continued identification of operating synergies.  
Our 2020 results are tangible evidence that our strategy is creating value. We had exceptionally strong fourth quarter operational performance. And for the full year, we had strong bookings, exceeded the high end of our guidance range for sales, EPS and adjusted free cash flow and delivered strong segment operating income through continued focus on performance and operating efficiencies.  
For the third consecutive year, we achieved a book-to-bill greater than 1. New awards in 2020 totaled nearly $53 billion or 1.4x sales, and total backlog increased 25% and to $81 billion. Sales rose 9% to $36.8 billion, and segment operating margin rate was 11.4%. Adjusted EPS increased 11.5% to $23.65, and adjusted free cash flow increased 18% to approximately $3.7 billion. All 4 sectors captured important new awards, hosted higher sales and operating income and sustained strong operating margin rates.  
As expected, our Space business, in its new configuration, led growth in backlog and sales. 2020 results demonstrate Space Systems' growing ability to drive the development of innovative and affordable offerings for our national security, civil and commercial customers. We booked new business in each of these 3 markets, more than doubled Space Systems' backlog and increased sales by 18%. In addition to $9 billion of restricted space awards, we were awarded GBSD, the most recent addition to our diverse portfolio of multi-decade, multibillion-dollar franchise program. Looking ahead, we expect Space Systems will continue to be our fastest-growing sector based on GBSD and the planned recapitalization of our nation's space assets. The funding for space-based capabilities increased 6% in the U.S. DoD FY '21 budget, with growth expected to continue.  
At Aeronautics Systems, we booked solid awards, including $6 billion for restricted programs, and substantial awards for F-35, Triton, E-2D and Global Hawk. AS sales significantly exceeded our revenue guidance, principally due to an equipment sale to a restricted customer in the fourth quarter. We continue to perform well on large franchise programs like F-35, E-2D and B-21. Our F-35 integrated assembly line received Aviation Week's Laureate Award in defense manufacturing for revolutionizing military aircraft production through human ingenuity and advanced digital technology. And as you may have read, the U.S. Air Force recently disclosed the production of the second B-21 stealth bomber is underway. And that the first Raider is expected to roll out and fly in 2022.  
The team is making tremendous progress, and our partnership with the Air Force is strong. We are pleased with the maturity of the hardware and software, including recent flight testing on a surrogate test bed. Air Force leaders say these efforts, along with the team's modern approach to digital engineering, gives them a lot of confidence about the program's pass to first flight. I share this confidence, and our team looks forward to delivering the affordable and highly capable next-generation bomber our nation requires.  
In AS, our advanced technologies and integration expertise are well aligned to meet the requirements of next-generation systems. Our programs are performing well, and we're focused on near-term opportunities to drive operational efficiencies and margin rate expansion.  
Defense Systems' results were also strong and reflect growth in core capabilities like C2, advanced weapon systems and sustainment and modernization. Earlier this month, the U.S. Army authorized our IBCS system to proceed to low-rate initial production following a successful limited user test in September and Milestone C approval in December. This is a critical next step in moving IBCS closer to future deployment for the U.S. Army and Poland, and it demonstrates the continuing success of our C2 approach. We look forward to competing for the U.S. Army full rate production contract, which we expect will be awarded late this year. In addition, we continue to pursue additional international opportunities for IBCS as we demonstrate how that architecture can support joint all-domain command and control.  
Mission Systems' leadership in network open architecture mission systems continues to be a competitive differentiator as demonstrated by program milestones and new business awards. MS recently conducted a successful demonstration as part of the Air Force's Joint All-Domain Command and Control effort, also known as to JADC2. Our gateway technology enabled F-35, F-22 and other platforms to share data across multiple paths for the first time. We expect to continue providing the underlying technology needed to enable the department's JADC2 vision. And this month, MS was chosen by the Air Force to be the sole provider of the F-16 electronic warfare suite, which will equip as many as 450 F-16s, replacing several legacy systems with a modern digital solution. This work has a potential value of $2.5 billion.  
In addition to next-generation capabilities for F-35 and F-16, MS is on the team Japan selected as their FX integration support partner. Our team brings proven experience in fifth-generation technologies to ensure FX capabilities and interoperability to strengthen the Japan-U.S. alliance. We look forward to working with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, the FX prime contractor.  
With its deep portfolio of sensor technology and integration expertise, MS is enabling the modernization of weapon systems with the latest digital technology that provides our customers the capability to the detect and defeat advanced status areas in the electronic spectrum, providing the foundation for profitable growth.  
Northrop Grumman's portfolio remains well aligned with the national defense strategy, and supports critical modernization efforts underway to address evolving threats. As you are aware, the Congress passed the 2021 National Defense Authorization and approved appropriations of approximately $740 billion for discretionary defense spending. Northrop Grumman programs were well supported in the budget, and we continue to have a robust opportunity set, including next-generation interceptor, 3DELRR, the upcoming F-35 block buy and multiple restricted opportunities.  
Our success in growing the business and expanding earnings is delivering cash to support our capital deployment strategy. 2020 cash from operations totaled $4.9 billion before a $750 million discretionary pension contribution, and adjusted free cash flow totaled approximately $3.7 billion or about $22 per share. Our strong liquidity enabled robust investment in our business, strengthening of our balance sheet, a 17th consecutive annual dividend increase and $490 million in share repurchases in 2020.  
As we begin 2021 with $5 billion of cash on hand at year-end and expected net proceeds of approximately $2.5 billion from the divestiture of our IT services business, we have the resources and flexibility to take aggressive value-creating actions. These include robust investment for growth, continuing strengthening of our balance sheet and the return of cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.  
Today, we announced that our Board has approved a $3 billion increase in our share repurchase authority, raising the total outstanding authorization to $5.8 billion. We expect to use more than $3 billion for 2021 share repurchases. And beyond 2021, we expect share repurchase will continue to be a high priority use of our discretionary free cash flow, while we also continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and strengthen our platform for growth through disciplined investment and selective M&A.  
Turning to guidance, which now includes the pending IT services divestiture. The 2021 outlook reflects organic sales growth and segment margin rate expansion. We expect sales between $35.1 billion and $35.5 billion, with a segment operating margin rate of 11.5% to 11.7%. We now expect adjusted EPS, excluding the gain on sale and onetime transaction-related costs, to range between $23.15 and $23.65. And adjusted free cash flow of $3 billion to $3.3 billion.  
While delivering financial results is a primary company focus, we are very proud of our ESG record and earned high marks in many environmental and social ranking. We achieved a leadership, A- CDP ranking for environmental sustainability for the ninth consecutive year. And we earned a place in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index-North America for the fifth consecutive year. DiversityInc named us a Top 50 Company for Diversity, ranking us 15th, and Northrop Grumman was the only aerospace and defense company that earned a place in Equileap's Top 25 Gender Equality Index.  
In addition, we remain mindful of the role our products and services play around the world. As we continue to consider our portfolio, we have decided to exit by year's end, a legacy Orbital ATK aging and surveillance contract that supports testing of cluster munition components. In our endeavors to enable global security and human advancement, we recognize the importance of our environmental, social and governance responsibilities, and we expect to continue leading our industry forward.  
In closing, I want to thank the nearly 100,000 members of the Northrop Grumman team for this year's outstanding performance. And particularly, I want to recognize the more than 6,000 employees who will become part of the Peraton team upon closing of our IT services divestiture for their contributions to Northrop Grumman. 
I'll turn the call over to Dave now for a more detailed discussion of our financial results, guidance and trends. Dave?

Thanks, Seth. So when we look at the portfolio of Defense Systems, as you point out, it is consisting of our command and control as well as our offensive and missile systems capabilities. And so we view that area as one that will continue to grow. It's very well aligned with our customers' highest priority areas, both domestically and internationally. And we have made the portfolio decision we have to divest our IT services business so that we could focus more fully on those businesses in our Defense portfolio. 
On the other hand, Mission Systems, which contains a significant quantity of open architecture, networking capabilities that are really keeping pace with the advancing threat environment to be able to help our customers compete in the electromagnetic spectrum, those capabilities are also areas that we see well aligned and core to growth. So we want to keep that team focused on investing and staying at the forefront of technology to different areas of focus. But certainly some synergy and those 2 teams work well together, but I don't see need for a different alignment to make that kind of working relationship productive.

Thanks, Sheila. We clearly, this year, have guided some margin rate expansion and there are a number of factors contributing to that. 
First and foremost is the strong performance in the operating businesses that we delivered both in 2020 and that we anticipate in 2021. That will continue to be a focus for the company. We also have been increasingly orienting our business to agility and streamlining and COVID-19 helped to accelerate some of those initiatives in 2020, again, resulting in good rate management and cost reduction. And those operating efficiencies, we expect to continue as we move forward as well. 
And then finally, as you note, we do have mix headwinds as we bring in more early phase development work. Of course, those are generating increasing margin dollars but create pressure on margin rate. And we've challenged the team to look at offsets to that mix pressure through just strong performance, operating efficiencies and future changes that we might make in the operating structure that enable us to continue to find new ways of reducing cost. 
So those are the areas that we are aligned to. And as you see in our guide, we were, in 2021, able to, across the portfolio, really offset many of those margin headwinds that we see.

Thanks, Jon. So as we look at growth this year in 2021 and beyond, we see the opportunity for continued growth based not only on our backlog but also new programs. I outlined some of those in my earlier comments that we see being awarded this year. As budgets appear to be flattening out, our portfolio would have the opportunity for sustained growth through programs like GBSD, which is at the early stage of its ramp, as well as a number of our restricted programs. 
It very much will be determined on what funding priorities come from the new administration and how those might play out over time. But we can clearly see forward this year and are projecting another strong year of growth in 2021, and based on the strong support for our programs in the 2021 budget, are equally optimistic that we have a path to growth beyond this year.

So Kristine, when we look through the lens of sustainability at our portfolio, we look at not only what capability we're providing, but how it's being used or how we expect the customer to use that capability going forward. And the decision in this case, with our small contract related to cluster munitions, it was a surveillance program. It was actually structured to help remove cluster munition safely. 
However, we recognize that even supporting area like cluster munitions for investors is of concern because safe removal implies that at one point, there was an embracing of the use of these products. And so when we look at our portfolio, we are going to continue to recognize. We support our government and our allies in the important work of enabling our troops to do their work. But at the same time, be thoughtful about potential human rights implications and how these technologies may be used in the future and provide equal consideration to safeguards associated with them. 
In answer to your question, I don't expect there to be significant change in our portfolio as a result. We already have a portfolio where we have looked through that lens and making decisions about where we invest and what work we undertake. This was just one small contract that came to us through the acquisition, and we've made a decision to stop performing in that area.

Well, taking a step back from the defensive management system, which is completing this year. We are looking at modernization of the B-2 so that it can stay in service through the successful transition and replacement of B-21, which, as you know, doesn't happen and it doesn't start to happen until later in the decade. And so B-2 modernization as a broader program will continue, but the DMS program is one that is expected to complete this year.

We certainly see new entrants coming into the space. And in the case Palantir, they've been in the space for a number of years. And we are, in many instances, working with those companies. Because a company like Northrop Grumman brings scale. We bring understanding and mission. We bring technology in our own right in areas like artificial intelligence, machine learning. We have a business that is bigger than many of the smaller companies already embedded inside of our company in these areas. But there also is opportunity to partner and learn because the technology is moving so rapidly. And it's what's creating these new market entrants. There's room for more players in the industrial base and good ideas to build upon one another. 
So the partnering strategy that we have works to embrace those small companies and bring them into an ecosystem along with us to solve our customers' problems at scale. I've talked in the past about pitch days that we've been doing in certain areas. We've done artificial intelligence. We've done autonomy, to name a few. And we have hundreds of companies that are participating in these engagements with us to talk about how we might together solve our customers' hardest problems.

The business that we divested does have national security work, Doug. It's across a broad spectrum of customers, including federal civilian as well as Department of Defense and intelligence community. And we packaged our IT services business together, as you note, across 3 different businesses because this is an area that we are going to be less focused on and we wanted to get that business into the hands of an organization that wants to invest and to build scale. And I agree with your assertion that in the IT services business, scale is an advantage. And Veritas has the vision that you see playing out even most recently with their announcement to acquire Perspecta and put all of these businesses together. So we are confident that they are the right owner for this business, that they have a vision for it, that they have a commitment to invest and that they will be a good employer for our employees who will transition.

We have a small piece of work that was in consideration, had not yet been approved. And so it is not work that was approved and is put on hold, as you've read about the F-35, for instance. What we do anticipate is an extensive evaluation of everything that was in the pipeline, which will include some of our work. And of course, as you well know, we're embedded in the F-35 as well, but I'm talking about some of the arm sales that we would have been prime on and that are particularly related to our weapons business, which was the genesis of your question. It was small. It was related to AARGM, and it is something that does not have a material impact on our plans. But we do expect that those will all be reviewed. And we, along with you, will learn what this administration's view on those exports will be.

So I can't speak specifically about the margin profile or the specific time line of transition from one phase to another. But what you picked up on from Dr. Roper and there was also a piece that was based on an interview with Randy Walden on the B-21 is the confidence that the customer has in the development progress and the ability to manufacture this aircraft and have a capability at first flight that is more mature than previous aircraft development programs. 
And we're doing that through a number of ways, the digital engineering and the digital thread that we have on the program. The testing of hardware and software on a surrogate test bed and the thinking about maintaining and manufacturing in the early phases of design as well as the interface with the end user. The pilots who will fly this aircraft have all helped to really mature the production-ready articles that will be tested in those initial phases and should significantly reduce rework, which is, in itself, schedule, certainty and reduced cost. So that's what we expect based on the progress that we're making at this point, and it's what's underlying the confidence that those customers are expressing.

So George, we have said nearly $1 billion. It's a little less, I would think, more in the $800 million to $900 million of incremental revenue.

That's a good summary.

So Cai, we do expect to have book-to-bill around 1 again in 2021, and that is through some new awards like NGI, 3DELRR. It also includes bookings on key programs like F-35, the next block buy, so it's spread across the portfolio in each of our sectors. We expect to have solid awards in 2021. 
All right. So thank you for hanging with us. We tried to get through as many of your questions as possible, given how much we had to cover today. 
Again, I want to thank the Northrop Grumman team for another outstanding year. We performed extremely well in the midst of many challenges last year, and we're well positioned for 2021 and beyond due to that strong performance, our continued backlog growth and the value-creating portfolio actions that we've been taking. With our cash on hand and strong cash flows, we're committed to thoughtful deployment of that capital to create long-term value for our shareholders. 
Thank you, all, for being with us today, and that concludes our call.