Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. We had a strong fourth quarter and good finish to the year. I want to thank the Northrop Grumman team for their continued focus on performance, innovation and agility. It's the dedication of our employees to these priorities that enables us to meet the commitments we make to our shareholders and our customers. 
Turning to our results. We met our guidance for segment OM and exceeded our adjusted EPS and cash guidance. Our new business capture drove a 21% backlog increase in 2019, providing a strong foundation for future growth. 2019 sales grew 12% to $33.8 billion, benefiting from a full year of Innovation Systems as well as continued growth at Aerospace Systems and Mission Systems. 
Full year sales reflect double-digit growth on the F-35 program and growth in restricted activities at all 4 sectors. Restricted work accounted for more than 1/4 of 2019 sales, a double-digit increase over 2018. Our segment margin rate for the year increased to 11.6%. Strong program performance and cost synergies more than offset margin pressure from early phase development work. Adjusted earnings per share also exceeded guidance at $21.21 for the year. 
Turning to cash. I want to congratulate the team on a very strong year. Fourth quarter cash from operations totaled $2.5 billion and free cash flow was approximately $2 billion. For the full year, cash from operations increased to $4.3 billion and free cash flow was more than $3 billion, exceeding the top of our guidance range. 
Strong cash enabled effective capital deployment. We invested $1.3 billion in our businesses through capital expenditures, strengthened our balance sheet by retiring $500 million of debt and returned $1.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We increased our quarterly dividend by 10% last May and reduced our weighted average share count by approximately 3%. 
Business capture was a key highlight of 2019 performance. Net awards totaled more than $45 billion or 1.3x sales, and we delivered double-digit backlog growth at all 4 sectors. 
At the macro level, defense spending continues to be a national priority. The fiscal year 2020 investment counts are up 3% to $251 billion. This increase shows the emphasis being placed on modernization as called for in the National Defense strategy. The development of capabilities to counter peer adversaries continues to be a priority. Our customers are increasingly focused on rapidly evolving multi-domain peer threats in areas like space, hypersonics and missile defense. 
Our growing share of restricted work demonstrates that our customers are turning to Northrop Grumman for these capabilities. In 2019, restricted awards totaled nearly $11 billion with approximately $7 billion for restricted space. In addition to restricted awards, we received several multibillion-dollar awards for large legacy franchise program like F-35 and E-2D. We also received awards to transition development program like Triton, G/ATOR, IBCS and Kirkham toward full rate production. We're also pursuing and winning the early phase development work that is the seed corn for the next generation of franchise programs. 
A good example is AARGM-ER, a high-speed, long-range missile, which we expect to be our global customers' air-to-ground weapon of choice to defeat modern air defense systems. We also won a large competitive award to supply new targets and countermeasures to test the ballistic missile defense system. And we expect a solid year for award in 2020. 
On January 1 of this year, we began operating in a new sector structure to further align our unique capabilities in space, missiles, counter hypersonics, cyber and stealth. It's the next logical step after the acquisition of Orbital ATK to enable capture of revenue synergy and drive profitable growth. 
In the new structure, we're bringing together and integrating the relevant capabilities to solve many of the nation's toughest problems.
We also introduced our new Defining Possible brand to reinforce the value we're providing through performance, agility and innovation. Discovery and innovation are at the heart of what we do. We show our customers what is possible and then deliver through performance framework and culture that balance agility and affordability with quality and safety. We are investing in innovative concepts and technologies that align with the priorities of our customers. 
I'm pleased with the progress we are making, and I'll share 4 examples of demonstrations we completed in the fourth quarter, each of which offers innovation to support our customers' vision for future operations. 
First, as we work closely with the department on the joint all-domain command and control effort, we are leveraging our experience with the Army's IBCS. We recently conducted a successful test using air- and ground-based sensors against multiple fast-moving airborne targets. We are using Agile development methods to integrate sensors and effectors to rapidly and more precisely address new complex threats. 
Second, we participated in the first advanced battle management systems demonstration using feeds from multiple domains to find, track and destroy cruise missiles. Here, we integrated the communication suite necessary to connect the F-22 and the F-35 platforms, enabling this integrated battle management solution. 
A third example is our development and integration of a world record 150-kilowatt class high-energy laser weapon system on board the USS Portland. The laser system is undergoing final verification testing before deploying later this year. At which time, the Navy will gain [ accuracy ] experience with directed energy systems in support of future fleet operations. 
And lastly, we successfully flight-tested a rapid prototype conventionally-configured hypersonic ground-launched ballistic missile in response to an urgent capability request from DoD. The launch vehicle met a highly aggressive 8-month design, integration and launch schedule, achieving flawless flight results. These accomplishments are the results of our investments to address our customers' emerging requirements with the agility they require. 
These investments, our solid 2019 financial results and successful business capture, provide a strong foundation for continued growth and sustained performance. Our 2020 guidance calls for sales to grow to between $35.3 billion and $35.8 billion with a segment operating margin rate of 11.3% to 11.5%. We expect 2020 adjusted EPS will range between $22.75 and $23.15. 
After capital spending of approximately $1.35 billion, we expect free cash flow of $3.15 billion to $3.45 billion. 2020 guidance contemplates that we are selected for the next phase of the GBSD program in accordance with the Air Force's current acquisition timeline, which calls for an award in August. We submitted our proposal in December, and we are in active discussions with the Air Force as they work through the source selection process. We are continuing to perform well on the technology maturation and risk reduction phase of the contract. And together with our nationwide team, we are investing in technologies and facilities necessary to be ready for day 1 of EMD. 
We anticipate the EMD phase of this multibillion-dollar, decade-long recapitalization of the nation's ICBM defense capability would be accretive to 2020 sales and slightly dilutive to OM rate as well as free cash flow due to higher capital expenditures. 
Ken will review the detailed guidance for the sectors, but I wanted to provide some context around 2020 sector performance. 
First, sector guidance under the new structure is consistent with the trends we've been talking about in our businesses. We expect Space Systems will be our fastest-growing sector. 
Beyond 2020, in addition to GBSD, we have large opportunities in space rearchitecture, hypersonics, intermediate-range ballistic missiles and national space launch. In civil space, we're well aligned for NASA's Artemis program. 
For Aeronautics Systems, we have resident technology and integration expertise in critical domains like stealth and autonomy to support growth over the long term. On an apples-to-apples basis, the businesses comprising aeronautics grew backlog 24% in 2019, which provides a solid foundation for sustained growth. 
For Mission Systems, competitive opportunities in airborne- and ground-based radar systems create opportunity for enhanced growth. In addition, Mission Systems' advanced capabilities and domain expertise are key competitive differentiators that we leverage across the entire company as we pursue new business. 
Mission Systems should continue to have attractive top line growth, coupled with strong margin rates. And for Defense Systems, over the long term, key growth drivers include high-speed weaponry programs like AARGM-ER and our C2 in cross-domain C2 programs. We expect stable to growing revenue from legacy Technology Services businesses as their focus on the defense and intelligence market continue to generate results. 
So in summary, we had strong performance in 2019, and we expect continued top line growth and sustained performance in 2020 and beyond. We also expect continued strong cash generation that will support our capital deployment strategy and create value for our shareholders and customers. 
I'll turn the call over to Ken now for a more detailed discussion of our financial results, guidance and trends. Ken?

Thanks, Sheila. I did mention restricted being a key growth area, both in our sales in 2019 as well as the awards that we received with $11 billion of awards and $7 billion of that coming in restricted Space. So we clearly still see Space being a growth driver for us into the future. 
And we also had noted in our third quarter call that we had received $1.3 billion in awards in hypersonics. We continue to see that as a growth area for the business as well. And I mentioned in my comments today a demonstration that we conducted in the fourth quarter in hypersonic missiles as well. So those are a couple of the areas that I would note as key growth drivers going forward in our restricted portfolio. 
As I look across the business, we clearly have headwinds as we exit the Lake City contract. This year, we have noted that's about $300 million of headwind in 2020. We basically now have exited the small-caliber ammo business, and so that's the headwind that will largely be behind us as we get past 2020. 
And so as we look at Aeronautics, Mission Systems and Space, we see strong growth expected in each of those sectors, Aeronautics and Mission in the mid- to high single-digit basis, the low double digits. It's Defense Systems where we have those Lake City headwinds that we see more of a stable growth profile, but really not looking at any part of the portfolio as underperforming with those headwinds being the exception in small-caliber ammo.

Will do. Thanks, Peter. So in cost synergy, I noted in my comments that we exceeded our cost synergy target in 2019, and that helped us to generate higher-than-expected segment operating margin rate. So that area of commitment is certainly one where we feel we did what we said we were going to do and even had some opportunity to overperform in driving costs out of the business. And that not only generates near-term margin, but it also helps us to position the business more competitively to win in the future, which gets to the part of your question around revenue synergy. 
We have been realizing revenue synergy ahead of the estimates we had in the buy plan for the Orbital ATK business, and we see that continuing as we look out into the future. I had noted previously that Space and Missiles are the 2 areas where we are seeing the greatest synergy, and I gave a few examples in each, including AARGM-ER, which I talked about again today and the opportunity that we see there, not just domestically, but also internationally. 
We still see those 2 areas, Space and Missiles, being the ones that will be the key drivers of revenue synergy out over the plan.

Thanks for the question. I'm glad that you picked up on that, Rob because we have been talking about it for a while particularly as we discussed what we have done on IBCS as a program. But I've also talked about that being more of an architecture, and we're now beginning to demonstrate that to the Department of Defense as we participated in demos in the fourth quarter, at least 2 of them, the one I noted around IBCS for joint all-domain command and control as well as the one that we did to connect F-22 and F-35 in communications to enable the battle command system. 
So as we think about what the future holds, the ability to have an architecture that rapidly integrate both sensors and the sectors and allows the department to tie these systems that have been built in more of a stovepipe fashion to communicate and to share information, will be critical to their vision for future operations. And we are able to rapidly do this because we have been working for -- in these open architectures for a number of years, and we have ready-to-go solutions that enable this demonstration of capability.

And Jon, I believe the second part of your question was around the possibility of acceleration of award on GBSD. So let me just comment briefly on that. 
As you know, the Air Force has made it clear that GBSD needs to be in-fielding in 2029 and that the time to do so is short, and it's essential that we get started on this critical requirement. So we've been investing in the people and facilities that we need to ensure that our team is ready to start upon award and that we could support efforts for an accelerated award schedule if they are able to do so.

Yes. So in hypersonics, we do have a dual path strategy, the first being to support all of the primes in propulsion, and we've talked openly about the relationship that we have with both Lockheed and Raytheon in that regard. We also are a system integrator. And the demonstration that I mentioned in my comments earlier in the call was an example of where we were the integrator for the demonstrator. So we do see ourselves following both paths. We want to be a good provider to the primes in propulsion, and that means making investments that support multiple technology paths. But at the same time, we do have the capability ourselves to prime efforts and be an integrator for certain types of systems. 
I also will talk briefly about Counter Hypersonics. And there, we see really our expertise in Space and the capabilities that we have in Space being a key enabler to the future Counter Hypersonics mission set. And we have looked at the Space business that we are assembling and view ourselves as both a capable prime and payload provider in that space. 
So again, a similar strategy that we can be both a merchant supplier to other primes with payloads of importance in that space, but also the ability to integrate systems and provide end-to-end capability ourselves.

So Doug, we certainly do see growth opportunity in HALE Systems. I would also point to examples of where we're working in the medium-altitude space programs like Fire Scout. And then we have also areas of new technology developments that will allow us to scale these systems down even further. 
But I would suggest that the high altitude that you hear us speak about in the context of surveillance is the best coverage that can be provided. And so it's quite economical for these high-altitude systems, at least in the surveillance mission, to fly in high range. So it all depends on the mission requirements, and that's what drives the system design. But we do have system architectures that allow us to scale as the mission requires.

Well, thanks for the question, Ron. I appreciate the opportunity to talk about both my macro assessment and outlook. I am pleased with where we are. One of my priorities, when I stepped into the role, was to orient the team towards several high-growth campaigns and align our investments there. We, of course, more recently have aligned the organization to execute that strategy. 
And as I look to the evidence of success, I'd point to the backlog growth that we saw in 2019. I would also say that being ahead on our revenue synergy projections came from a lot of hard work from the team on a successful Orbital ATK integration, but also very rapidly integrating them into our strategy for these mission campaigns and the growth that we see there. 
I also focused the team on performance and agility. And there, we continue to perform well on our programs even as we take on a number of new development efforts and scale production, which are difficult challenges but they come with the opportunity of long-term sustained growth as well as strong operating margins. And I'm pleased with what the team is doing there because it's laying the foundation not only for our near-term future but our long-term future. 
We realized the cost synergy from a successful Orbital ATK integration. And again, while that's generating some short-term margin enhancement, really, the opportunity there is that we're more competitive over the long term with a better rate. 
And just overall, I feel that we've, over the last year, enhanced our competitiveness. The demonstrations that I talked about were very rapidly put together as a result of making smart technology investments, understanding the missions that would be needed by our customers under the National Defense strategy and rapidly aligning our portfolio to bring forward technologies that meet those needs. 
So overall, I feel good about where we are. And I think we're deploying our capital in a way that not only invest in the business but return a lot of the cash we're generating to shareholders and positions us well for future optionality.

And Myles, I'll just add that as we look at net EAC adjustments in recent years, we had a high watermark in 2018 with over $0.5 billion of net favorable adjustments, this year at $480 million, still very strong. And so I look at our program performance and just one indicator of that is our net EAC adjustments and feel that we've been doing quite well over the last couple of years.

Absolutely. So as we look at the program, both domestically and internationally, we see growth. We are delivering more E-2Ds to the Navy. We also have the Japan orders that we booked in 2019, which will be deliveries over the next several years. 
I'll ask Ken to give you some more of the specifics on the financials, both revenue and margin rate expectations.

So let me take a crack at that in 2 ways. First, as we think about outpacing the end market, the investment accounts and the 2020 budgets are up 3% and we're projecting a 5% growth. So if you looked in the near term, you could suggest that the data is [ out ] growing. 
But as you and I both know, it takes a while for backlog in these launch cycle businesses to manifest in sales. And so that goes to the premise that it does take a while that these awards that we booked in 2019 will come into sales over a multiyear period and therefore, is derisking growth in those out-years and creating the opportunity for acceleration of growth. 
To answer your question a little more explicitly in our portfolio, we have opportunities like GBSD, which will, if awarded to us, creates a sizable ramp over the next several years. So we have the opportunity to create an outsized growth for our portfolio. 
We also have talked about Space. And we see Space as one of the fastest-growing elements of the budget, but those awards are not yet manifesting themselves in sales. And we have other awards that we anticipate this year, depending on how successful we are, that also creates opportunity for outpaced growth. So I think the scenario that you paint is one where there absolutely is opportunity for us to continue over the long term to outgrow the budget growth, but that requires us to continue to win business, execute successfully just like any other organization. And you'll make the assumptions as to the confidence that you have that we'll [ do that ].

Yes. I did say that of the $11 billion in restricted awards, $7 billion was in Space, and that spanned the 3 sectors in the 2019 structure that operated in Space. So Aerospace Systems, Mission Systems and Innovation Systems all contributed to that $7 billion of awards that I mentioned. 
As we look forward in the new operating structure, all of those businesses will be together in Space Systems.

Very good. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. I want to conclude by just reiterating my thanks to the team for an outstanding 2019. We're positioned well as we start the year in 2020 with the backlog growth that we've experienced, the strong performance and our commitment to continued thoughtful capital deployment that allows us to grow this business for the long term for our shareholders. 
So thank you all for being with us today. We look forward to talking to you after our first quarter.