Thank you, Todd. We're pleased to have you aboard as our Vice President of Investor Relations, and I also want to thank Steve Movius for his many years of service in that role.
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings call. I want to thank the entire Northrop Grumman team for another solid quarter. We delivered strong business capture and backlog growth, higher sales at all 4 sectors, strong earnings and healthy cash flow. Year-to-date results supported a substantial increase in our EPS guidance as well as an increase to the lower end of our free cash flow guidance, and we are on track to achieve the other major elements of guidance.
Before discussing the quarter in more detail, I want to touch on the realignment we announced in September. Beginning in January, we will have 4 operating sectors that more closely align with our customers' priority investment areas. Our new sectors are: Aeronautics Systems, Defense Systems, Mission Systems and Space Systems. These changes will enable our teams to quickly identify and deliver solutions for rapidly evolving national security challenges.
The realignment is also aimed at driving continued strong execution, sustained profitable growth and operational efficiency. Under the new structure, Aerospace Systems becomes Aeronautics Systems, and continues under the leadership of Janis Pamiljans. In addition to long-duration franchise manned and unmanned programs, the sector will also include the aerostructures work currently being performed at Innovation Systems.
A new sector, Defense Systems, brings together technology services to defense businesses of Innovation Systems and select capabilities for Mission Systems. In addition to being our global sustainment and modernization business, Defense Systems include tactical missiles, munitions and our Integrated Air and Missile Defense programs. Defense Systems will focus on products and services that address evolving threats and quick-turn requirements for a wide variety of national security, military, civil and international customers.
Chris Jones, the President of Technology Services, has announced his intention to retire. I want to thank Chris for his many contributions to Northrop Grumman, particularly for leading the effort to position Technology Services for the future. We wish him the best. Mary Petryszyn, who currently heads Land and Avionics C4ISR within Mission Systems, will lead the new sector.
Mission Systems remains largely intact but with a sharpened focus on growing its leadership position in open, cyber secure, software-defined systems for defense and intelligence applications. Mark Caylor will continue to lead Mission Systems.
The fourth and final sector, Space Systems, brings together our significant space and launch capabilities from across the company into 1 organization. Space Systems will be a robust platform to accelerate the development of innovative and affordable offerings for our national security, military, civil, commercial and international customers. We expect Space Systems will be the fastest-growing sector in our new structure. Blake Larson, currently the President of Innovation Systems, will lead Space Systems.
This realignment is the next logical step to maximize the powerful revenue synergy opportunity we envision from our combination with Orbital ATK. It also further enables strong execution and our organization's agility.
Turning to financial highlights for the quarter. Sales rose 5% to approximately $8.5 billion and included sales growth at all 4 sectors. Our year-to-date segment operating margin rate of 11.5% is tracking to our guidance of approximately 11.5% for the year, reflecting solid operational results. Cash from operations increased $327 million to $1.1 billion in the third quarter and free cash flow increased to $882 million.
Year-to-date, operations have generated $1.8 billion of cash. After capital expenditures of approximately $800 million, year-to-date free cash flow increased to approximately $1 billion. New awards remain robust and demonstrate our strong competitive position in critical national security domain. In the third quarter, we booked more than $10 billion in new awards or 1.2x sales. Book-to-bill was above 1 at Innovation Systems, Mission Systems and Technology Services.
At Aerospace Systems, year-to-date book-to-bill is 1.6x sales and backlog is up 28%. During the third quarter, Japan exercised an option for 9 additional E-2D advanced Hawkeyes for approximately $1.4 billion. This is in addition to the $3.3 billion multiyear award we booked last quarter. I would also note that France has indicated they're interested in purchasing 3 E-2Ds.
At Innovation Systems, we booked the initial $300 million of a $1.1 billion Missile Defense Agency competitive award to supply new targets and countermeasures used to test the Ballistic Missile Defense System. Our offering provides a new solution to the complex threat scenarios our customers face. I'd also note that IS has been awarded approximately $1.3 billion for hypersonic and counter-hypersonic activities as both a prime and subcontractor.
At Mission Systems, we were awarded a 13-year IDIQ contract to produce and sustain next-generation navigation systems for the U.S. Air Force and international customers. This sole source award has the potential value of $1.4 billion. Mission Systems also booked a 6-year $375 million order to provide surveillance radars through the Navy's Triton aircraft and a $200 million IDIQ award for our LAIRCM systems and related support.
And at Technology Services, in addition to winning 2 large recompetes, TS won a competitive restricted award valued in the hundreds of millions of dollars. We're particularly pleased with this award as it demonstrates the sector's ability to win new restricted work and expand our national security services portfolio. A good indicator of our company's portfolio alignment to the national defense strategy is our growing share of restricted work. Year-to-date, restricted awards total $8.5 billion. At the company level, restricted work across multiple domains continues to grow as a percent of total revenue. As of September 30, total restricted backlog has grown 22% since year-end, and new awards of approximately $36 billion are 1.4x year-to-date sales. Looking ahead, we have large opportunities across our portfolio in 4 sectors -- in all 4 sectors and program execution remains solid.
Turning to Aerospace Systems. F-35 production continues to ramp up. Year-to-date, AS has delivered 100 center fuselage units and we are on pace to deliver a total of 134 units in 2019, 13 more than last year. As we celebrate the 30th anniversary of our B-2 Spirit, the world's first stealth bomber, we continue to perform well on the B-21 Raider, our nation's next-generation stealth bomber. Last month, the then-acting Secretary of the Air Force, Matt Donovan, noted that the development program is on schedule and production will occur in Palmdale, California.
At Mission Systems, our IBCS system successfully intercepted a cruise missile at an extended range with Sentinel and Patriot systems. The flight test demonstrated the value of IBCS to detect, track and engage low-flying threats at a distance well beyond the range limitation of the current Patriot system. In August, Innovation Systems submitted our proposal for the National Security Space launch downselect, which is currently planned for the third quarter of 2020. Our OmegA vehicle is on track to meet the customer's requirement for our first launch in 2021 and operational launches of national security payloads in 2022.
On GBSD, we have assembled an exceptional nationwide industry team that is ready to meet the Air Force's technical and schedule requirements. We are successfully executing on the TMMR phase of the program, and we look forward to submitting our proposal for the next phase of the competition. The Air Force has been clear that our nation urgently needs to modernize the ICBM system and that it is critical that this acquisition remains on schedule.
Turning to the U.S. defense budget. We're now working under a continuing resolution that expires on November 21. More often than not, we begin each fiscal year under a CR, and we don't expect this to cause a significant disruption to our fourth quarter activity or our outlook for next year as long as there is not a prolonged CR. Our customers need predictable funding that is not constrained by continuing resolution limits. This enables investment in the critical technologies we need to stay ahead of rapidly advancing global threats. We believe our nation's leaders will provide the necessary resources to modernize key capabilities, and therefore, we are hopeful that the government will act quickly to finalize appropriation.
In closing, based on a solid quarter, strong year-to-date performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are again increasing 2019 earnings per share guidance. We now expect mark-to-market EPS will range between $20.10 and $20.35. We are maintaining our sales guidance of approximately $34 billion, and we are updating our free cash flow guidance by raising the bottom end of the range by $100 million. We now expect free cash flow of $2.7 billion to $3 billion for the year.
Regarding the 2020 outlook, we will provide detailed guidance in January. We expect mid-single-digit sales growth in 2020, which now includes the impact of the Lake City contract winding down in the latter part of the year. We also expect segment margin rates consistent with 2019 and strong and growing free cash flow. So now I'll turn the call over to Ken for a more detailed discussion of our financial results and guidance. Ken?

Yes, thanks for the question, and you're absolutely right. As we did this realignment, we've looked in depth at what we had in the portfolio to ensure that we were getting things aligned in a way that would create the most value for the company going forward. And I'm really pleased with the structure we're putting in place. It seizes the opportunity that we knew we had in Space to bring the portfolio together in the new Space sector.
I'm also excited about the creation of the Defense Systems sector as it brings together some of our munitions and integrated air and missile defense capabilities in a tighter way, along with our sustainment strategies, which deal with customers' very quick term requirements. So this has really been about the forward look in our company and seizing those opportunities that exist.
And as we did shine a light on the whole of the portfolio, there wasn't anything that didn't fit within the structure that we created. But of course, I continue to look at that on a regular basis. And as we execute the strategies that we've defined in this newer realignment, we'll continue to assess just that question.

So Kristine, I'll start and then hand it over to Ken to talk about the financial implications of what we saw in B-2 this quarter. We are managing thousands of contracts across the company and delivering very strong performance. And sometimes, contracts are re-baselined as we did report earlier in the year on the B-2 program.
What we saw this quarter was an adjustment there that Ken outlined in his comments related to the performance on that program. We feel very good about where we are in completing major milestones on our way to finalizing and executing the B-2 program. It is complex to update a system of that type, but we now have our arms around those challenges. So I'll turn it over to Ken to talk a little bit more about the financial implications.

So we'll be giving detailed guidance in January in our new structural alignments, but my comments did apply to the company as a whole, seeing our segment operating margin rate stay consistent with 2019 guidance. And as we look at what's happening within our segment operating margin rate, we are taking on additional development work and there is some downward pressure on margin rates as a result, but we're also having very good cost management, which is offsetting our rates and allowing us to keep both competitive rates to win new business but also healthy segment operating margin rate, and we expect that trend to continue into 2020. So it's like a duck on water. While we're remaining consistent, there's a lot happening beneath to keep those margin rates consistent even as we take on additional development work.

Yes, Doug. So as I think about the opportunity for unmanned systems, we've clearly seen some adoption for unmanned in applications like intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance. As we look into the future, we believe unmanned systems will be utilized for more missions. And we also see the opportunity for more international sales of unmanned systems as export regulations are considered and perhaps addressed to allow more of this capability to get into the hands of our allied nations.
So when we think about UAS under -- over a long-term trajectory, we see a continued evolution of these platforms into additional missions. We see them continuing to evolve in terms of their technical capabilities. And these are the areas that we are investing in as a company. Today, there's everything from remotely piloted to truly Autonomous Systems. As you know, we tend to operate on the high end of that spectrum, and we believe more missions will continue to evolve to that higher-end capability as well.

Yes. Thanks, Myles. So we did indeed receive an inquiry from the FTC, and I want to note that we've been working with the FTC and the Department of Defense to ensure our compliance with the FTC decision in order that were -- that governs our ability to enter into the transaction of acquiring Orbital ATK and we're going to continue to do so. This is just a more formal inquiry that we are responding to as part of this latest request and that's why we disclosed it in the Q.
With regard to the GBSD competition, we haven't seen any changes regarding the RFP process. The final RFP was released this summer. As you know, we have established a nationwide team, and it's ready to go in meeting the Air Force's technical and schedule requirements for the competition. So we're looking forward to supporting and submitting our proposal in December. We've had no indications that there will be any change to the acquisition strategy at this point, and both the department and the Air Force has made statements as recently as this week about their support for the program.

Yes. Thanks, Carter. As I look at our program performance, it continues to be very strong. I'm particularly proud with some of the large development efforts that we've undertaken as well as our ramp on major production programs, that we are delivering on those very well. You've seen some public statements by our customers about how pleased they are with our performance on some of those, so I won't rehash them here.
But every year, we do have a small number of programs that require negative EAC adjustments based on performance out of the thousands of contracts that we're managing. And sometimes, the timing of those adjustments causes a particular segment's operating margin rate to fall below our expectations in that quarter. You're referring to that this quarter with AS and a little over a year ago with Mission Systems. But as you've seen, over time, our performance management has remained strong, and we're yielding good margins as the result of these circumstances being few and far between and fairly isolated. So that was the case that you saw in AS this quarter. I'll also note, we had positive EAC adjustments that delivered to both expected segment operating margins and that happened in TS this quarter and is driving the increase in segment operating margin guidance at both MS and TS for the year. So performance overall is still very strong in our company. And as a result, we're continuing to hold our guidance for the year on operating margin performance.

So Rob, certainly this year, we have worked to reposition TS to be more competitive. That's been some good cost management. It's been rebuilding a stronger pipeline, and I'm really proud of what the team has done there. And you see in third quarter, a return to growth year-over-year and strong operating margins. I believe that can persist. And as we said, we do expect this to be a growing segment of our business in 2020.
I would not go as far to say high single digits. I would see it more in low to mid-single digits. It is on a bit of a ramp and we still have some VITA burning off through the remainder of this year. So that would be my macro outlook, and I'll hand it to Ken for any other comments he wants to make.

So Cai, we do not currently expect any change to the Air Force acquisition strategy as a result of this inquiry. They do plan to award next August so there is some time. Our proposal is due in December and so obviously, we will continue to monitor that. But right now, we do not see any impact.
And in terms of the question about any pressure, we are not receiving any pressure to engage in a national team because I would point out that we do have a, what we're calling, nationwide team that include many large and small companies across the country who are bringing strong capability that will support our GBSD bid.

Great. So I'll start with some of your more macro questions and then turn it to Ken on the quantities specifically. As I noted in my comments, we do not see an impact on our guide for a short-term CR if we were to sustain a longer-term CR that would impact, to cause us to revisit our guidance. And I would include F-35 quantity in that statement. We have contemplated the possible quantities on F-35, changing through the appropriations process and feel that, that's adequately reflected in our guide for -- will be, in our guide for 2020 because of course at this point, we've just given 2020 outlook.
The other thing that I'll note is on F-35, we continue to focus on performing and driving down the cost curve and being a good partner to Lockheed Martin, but we also have opportunities on the program that are causing some growth for us over the next several years. One, of course, is the increased sustainment work on the program, which I've spoken to before. And we're also seeing growth from the Block 4 modernization program. We're working new development on our sensors, specifically, radar, comms, navigation and identification sensors, and this will yield production opportunity in the long term, so think Lot 14 and beyond. And we have some production growth to support additional bearing with quantities increasing between Lots 12 and 14. So those aren't significant drivers. They're not nearly as significant as the production quantity itself. But those are some additional opportunities that we have in both the near- and the longer-term on the program. And I'll turn it to Ken to add anything he'd like.

Thank you, Todd. One correction from my commentary that I want to make sure I convey is the total backlog, not total restricted backlog growth year-to-date, is 22%.
So again, I want to thank our team for another strong quarter of financial and operating performance. We're executing well, building on our backlog for profitable growth and strategically aligned to our customers' highest priorities. And all of this provides us an exceptional platform for sustained value creation. 
So we're focused on delivering a solid finish to 2019 and a strong start to 2020 with our new organization alignment. I look forward to updating you again in January and providing detailed 2020 guidance in that call. Thank you for joining our call today.