Thanks, Steve. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I want to start the call by thanking our entire team for their continued focus on execution and performance. Our third quarter results demonstrated robust performance with top line growth and strong operational execution. The quarter includes the first full quarter of results for Innovation Systems. Based on our strong performance, we're increasing our guidance for the year. Kathy and Ken will review the operational and financial results.
I'm delighted to note that for the first time in a decade, the Department of Defense begins its fiscal year without a continuing resolution. The fiscal year 2019 defense appropriation bill received very strong bipartisan support, passing the Senate with a 93 to 7 vote. We view this support as well as the administration's focus on accelerating innovation efforts as signals that the Congress and the administration are aggressively addressing the threats emerging across multiple domains and are increasing our nation's pace of modernization and investment. Our own programs continue to be well supported in the budget, and our portfolio is well-balanced between mature franchise production efforts and the development programs that will ultimately lead to the next generation of production programs.
In the context of an improving budget environment, we've aggressively invested in supporting our customers' need for advancing capabilities, including the addition of Innovation Systems, while also driving affordability. We're focused on performing on our current programs and pursuing attractive new programs in our robust opportunity set.
Overall, I'm very pleased with our team's year-to-date accomplishments, and I'm excited about the many opportunities before us. I'm also excited about the future of our company under Kathy's leadership. She has demonstrated a solid focus on creating value for all of our stakeholders, and she brings the leadership capabilities and values to lead our great company forward. 
So let me turn the call over to Kathy to give us an update on our third quarter results. Kathy?

Thank you.

Yes, Carter. No, I appreciate the question. And I would just -- I'd offer 2 perspectives: one, through sort of the lens of industry; and the other through the lens of the customer. On the industry side, clearly, every company has to make its own decisions about how it will approach the economics of any particular deal. And they have to look at it both in terms of the deal itself and in terms of its broader base of business and how all those things factor together. I like the process we've been using for a number of years. We have a very clear-eyed view of what the economics are likely to be. We've spent a lot of time thinking about true net present value. And obviously, when you dig a big hole early, it's hard to get to good NPV. 
But again, I would not presume to know the economics of other companies and be in a position to comment on how individual decisions get made. And I would suggest that as we go forward, clearly, any company will have some finite appetite for how much of investment it can make in various areas. And those appetites change a little bit from time to time. But at the end of the day, we're generally a pretty well-managed industry. When I look across the landscape, there are really smart folks running the companies in our industry. And at the end of the day, they're going to have to make decisions that look at sort of their total picture, not just the individual project pictures. And they're going to have to figure out how much appetite there is for different elements of those types of decisions. 
On the customer side -- and the customer has to understand all of this as well. We've gone through an era where this idea of low-priced, technically acceptable was kind of a mindset as we were navigating through an era where we are mostly concerned about the capacity of our force structure to deal with all of the different things we've been dealing with around the globe. 
For those of you that have taken a careful look at the national defense strategy that we're operating under now, which I think it's high time that we have this framework for our national defense strategy, there is a recognition that we've got to put as much and probably more focus on real capability, that our adversaries have taken full advantage of the focus that we've had elsewhere to not only catch up with us but in some areas, surpass us in some core capabilities. And we've got to be investing in that direction. 
When we're talking about capability and investing for capability, low-priced, technically acceptable is the wrong answer. And from an acquisition standpoint, our customers, I think, are beginning to shift in their thinking and understand that they're going to need to use some different strategies when we're really talking about very high-end capabilities and the way programs are going to need to work to assure them that they're going to ultimately get what they need. 
So the pendulum swings back and forth on these things over time. I think it's important not to get too locked into one way of thinking about which way things are going to go. But I do think that we are seeing a trend, as I said, more towards the high-end technology capabilities that are going to be needed. And that will influence acquisition behaviors. And hopefully, as we, the industry and the customer community, navigate that together, we'll stay on a track that enables the industry to be well managed.

Yes. And I would just completely agree with what Kathy said. I think this is turning out to be just a wonderful bringing together of 2 companies. The only thing I would add is I've just been delighted to see the very nice culture match and the almost instant desire on the part of all of the individuals involved in this on -- with respect to both of the companies came together to start getting together and creating new ideas. And new ideas are the source of value creation. That's how, over the longer period of time, we're able to better serve the customer. And I think that's what the customer is expecting of us, quite frankly, as we bring the companies together. So I'm really excited about that because we're already seeing that those connections being made and those ideas beginning to be generated. So I'm very optimistic about what this will mean.

Thanks, Peter.

Thanks, Sheila.

Unlikely that I'll just disappear. But I have a number of things that, outside of our industry, that are of great interest to me, both on a personal level and, hopefully, in terms of being helpful to others. I'm going to take a little bit of time to sort all those things out, to figure out exactly where I want to focus my energies and my passion. But I'm looking forward to the opportunity to do that. And I very much appreciate the question, Hunter. It's been just a lot of fun to be involved in this for so long. But hopefully, I can find some other good things to do that will be helpful to others.

Thank you.

Thank you, Doug. Thank you.

All right. Well, thanks, Steve. I'd asked Steve to save me a little time at the end of the call so I can say a few words as I wrap up my last earnings call with the company. I want to take the opportunity to publicly say thank you to the amazing team at Northrop Grumman. It's a humbling experience to work with so many brilliant people, who are absolutely committed to serving our customers and advancing global security. I will tell you that this team rises to every challenge, and it is critical that we do as those we serve, our customers around the globe, are people we genuinely care deeply about. 
I'm grateful to have had the opportunity to work with such incredible people in our company and in our customer community. And it's been a real privilege to serve in so many roles in our company over the years and especially in the roles where I've had a chance to engage with the community of analysts and portfolio managers. 
I've sincerely enjoyed working with all of you in the financial community ever since I became CFO way back in 2005. The research that you perform, the questions you pose and the objectives you help frame really do make our companies better. I sincerely value what you do and how you do it, and I want to express my appreciation for the opportunity to work with all of you for so many years.
So while looking backwards is important to do periodically, I'm actually more excited about looking forward. Our company is fortunate to have an exceptional leader as our new CEO, and I'm confident that the best years for Northrop Grumman are the years ahead of us. So thanks for joining us on the call and thanks for your continuing interest in our company.