Thank you, Steve. Hello, everyone, and welcome to today's call.
We had an excellent second quarter results across-the-board, including business capture, backlog growth, sales, earnings and cash. Based on our strong performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we are increasing 2019 guidance. I want to thank the Northrop Grumman team. I'm particularly proud of our ability to deliver innovative, quality products and services, which enable global security and human advancement.
Starting with space. As we celebrate the 50th anniversary of our nation's Apollo 11 lunar landing, we are proud of our strong legacy in supporting each of our nation's manned space flights to date. Looking forward, we're poised to continue supporting manned spaceflight for NASA's Artemis program, which is expected to return humans to the moon by 2024. 
In addition, this quarter, Innovation Systems has passed its 1-year anniversary as our fourth sector and I'm delighted with the progress we're making. Costs are operational synergies are on track and our margin rates across the company are benefiting from the synergies realized since the acquisition. We are also realizing revenue synergies sooner than we expected.
A good indicator of our success in capturing revenue synergies is our growing share of restricted work. We booked $843 million in restricted space awards during the second quarter and $4.5 billion in the first quarter. At the company level, restricted work across multiple domains continues to grow as a percent of total revenue. This demonstrates our strong alignment to the National Defense Strategy and our ability to leverage our entire portfolio to create innovative solutions for our customers.
We booked net awards of $13.5 billion in the second quarter and $25.8 billion year-to-date. Now net awards are approximately 1.6x sales and our total backlog is up 18% to $63 billion. The large multi-year awards we are capturing across the company are the building blocks for sustainable long-term profitable growth.
Year-to-date, Aerospace Systems has booked net awards of approximately $13 billion and total backlog has increased 28% since year-end. In the second quarter, we booked $3.6 billion for the E-2D. Approximately $3.3 billion was booked at AS for the U.S. Navy's next 24 Advanced Hawkeyes and associated deliverables, with the balance awarded at Mission Systems. In addition to U.S. Navy aircraft, the multi-year includes an option for the 9 additional E-2Ds for Japan. In the second quarter, we delivered the first of 4 E-2Ds currently under contract for Japan. And we anticipate being under contract for the additional 9 by the end of this year.
On the F-35 program, we booked awards of over $4 billion in the quarter across our 4 sectors. At Aerospace Systems, we finalized a $4.9 billion agreement for production lots 12 through 14 center fuselage units and booked an award of approximately $3 billion, net of previous incremental funding. Mission Systems added $1 billion of awards for additional F-35 radar, CNI and DAS production. And IS and TS together were awarded approximately $100 million for their scope on the program.
Moving to Innovation Systems. Year-to-date, net awards totaled approximately $3 billion. In addition to our prime role supporting U.S. government hypersonic weapons systems development efforts, we are also supporting Lockheed Martin and Raytheon programs. In the second quarter, Lockheed Martin awarded us $265 million for the Intermediate Range Conventional Prompt Strike program, and IS is working with Raytheon on the Hypersonic Air-Breathing Weapon Concept or HAWC program. 
Shortly after the end of the quarter, Space Norway awarded IS a $250 million contract for its Arctic Satellite Broadband Mission to provide critical ground infrastructure and to design, manufacture and integrate 2 satellites. This activity increases utilization of our hot production line, enhancing affordability and production efficiency across our customer base.
In addition, Aerospace Systems is developing the payloads for the Space Norway satellite, which will be hosted on the IS bus. This is another example of revenue synergy in the space domain and it highlights our industry-leading end-to-end capabilities.
Now moving to Mission Systems. We signed a $1 billion contract to begin full rate production on our G/ATOR program after achieving initial operating capability in the first quarter. G/ATOR is our first ground-based gallium nitride or GaN radar to be operationally fielded. It combines 5 legacy systems into a single solution, improving mission performance and reducing customer costs. G/ATOR provides real-time 360-degree situational awareness against a broad array of threats, and we see this system having strong opportunity for international sales.
Mission Systems is also supplying the upgraded integrated avionics suite for the Blackhawk program, which entered LRIP in April. An initial 25 chips were ordered under this LRIP and the Army plans to upgrade 760 Blackhawks with this avionics suite. And last week, the Army awarded us an OTA for agile software development of the next incremental build with the IBCS capability. This competitive win signifies our customers' confidence in our ability and commitment to accelerate delivery of critical new war-fighting capabilities.
Mission Systems year-to-date net awards totaled approximately $8 billion and backlog is up 14% from year-end. The common thread running through our successful efforts on G/ATOR, Blackhawk as well as IBCS is our modular multi-mission open architecture approach to next-generation defense electronics. We are reaping the benefit of substantial technology investments we've made to support development of solutions that gives the customer advanced performance and greater affordability as well as the ability to rapidly address future threats.
Turning to Technology Services. Global services booked $223 million for an international training program, a $70 million task order to support the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and a $59 million contract to provide enterprise defense cyber operations for the Marine Corps. In Global Logistics and Modernization, we secured a $162 million Army award for sustainment of the Hunter Unmanned Aircraft System. And on EA PUP, our Electronic Attack Pod Upgrade Program, the Air Force exercised a $44 million option.
Our business capture has been outstanding year-to-date and we expect strong bookings to continue. We have a robust opportunity set across the corporation with large potential awards in restricted space, national security space launch, GBSD and product line expansion in airborne radars and electronic warfare.
In May, on the national security space launch program, Innovation Systems successfully conducted a full-scale static fire test of the first stage of our new Omega rocket. This milestone keeps Omega on track to perform its first launch in 2021 and be in operational launches of national security payload in 2022, meeting the congressional mandate and U.S. Air Force requirements. And as you know, the final RFP for GBSD was released last week. Northrop Grumman has been a trusted systems engineering partner for every new ICBM system over the last 60 years. We look forward to offering a highly capable, technically mature and affordable solution that addresses evolving threats and to field our nation's critical nuclear deterrence mission.
Turning to P&L. At the midpoint of the year, sales are up 20%. As we indicated last quarter, Mission Systems sales growth is accelerating, and the top line is stabilizing at Technology Services. Looking ahead, we continue to expect sales of approximately $34 billion for 2019.
In addition to solid top line results, our sectors generated a 26% increase in second quarter segment operating income and a 70 basis point increase in our segment margin rates, driven by strong performance and cost synergies. Year-to-date, our segment OM rate is up 60 basis points and we are raising our guidance for the year to approximately 11.5% from low to mid-11%.
EPS rose 12% on the quarter and we now expect full year earnings per share to range between $19.30 and $19.55. Cash generation was also a highlight this quarter. Our businesses generated $1.6 billion. And after capital expenditures of $252 million, free cash flow totaled approximately $1.4 billion. For the year, we continue to expect 2019 free cash flow of $2.6 billion to $3 billion. And beyond this year, we expect to continue generating strong cash as we grow the business.
We continue to execute a balanced cash deployment strategy. In addition to capital expenditures, we increased our quarterly dividend by 10%, we continued repurchasing shares toward our 2019 target, and we will return $500 million in debt in August. 
Now turning to the U.S. budget. We are pleased by reports that Congress and the administration have reached an agreement on fiscal years 2020 and 2021 that should prevent harmful budget cuts and disruptions. Predictable funding enabled our customers to increase investment in critical technologies needed to stay ahead of rapidly advancing global threats. We believe our nation's leaders understand the threats we face and will act to provide the necessary resources to modernize key capabilities.
Northrop Grumman continues to invest in advanced capabilities to enable long-term value creation. Our new franchise programs and leading technologies demonstrate the success of our investments and an approach that combines innovation with affordability. We believe that our portfolio and cost structure are competitive differentiators that, as evidenced by our business capture success, will continue creating value for our customers and shareholders.
Now I'll turn the call over to Ken for a more detailed discussion of our financial results and guidance. Ken?

Yes. Thanks, Ron. This is Kathy. And as we look at the RFP, which did come out Monday a week ago, we are really seeing what we expected to see and we are positioned to be able to support the U.S. Air Force requirements and view this as a strong opportunity for our company. As I noted in my own remarks, we have been supporting the ICBM system for over 60 years, so we have the knowledge and the expertise needed to put together a strong offer for the U.S. Air Force and we look forward to doing that. There is a 150-day response period, so we'll be submitting the proposal late this year and still expect an award in the mid to late part of 2020.

Yes. We had talked about revenue synergy really not starting to kick in, in earnest to 2020. And as mentioned in last quarter's call as well as this one that we are seeing those revenue synergies sooner than we expected. They are on efforts that are restricted and developmental largely, and therefore, you see a fairly slow ramp of that revenue in '19. You'll see it more materially happening in the '20 and '21 time frame, as we've talked about previously. 
As you noted, it is in restricted space. And today, I shared the Space Norway award because it's something that's unclassified that we can talk about that demonstrates how, in that case, Innovation Systems and Aerospace Systems are working together with IS providing the bus and the integrated ground and then AS building the payload for the satellites. And so we're going to continue to see those kinds of opportunities that are pulling end-to-end capabilities from across our various sectors together in multiple mission areas, but certainly, we're seeing more of that in space than any other domain.

So Doug, let me start and then I'm going to ask Ken to provide some color on some activities in the first half of the year, which won't be recurring that did have a positive impact on the IS margins. But more broadly, the good margin performance we're seeing at Innovation Systems is due in part to their strong performance and also in part to the cost synergies that we are realizing across the company. And the more that we're able to utilize the facilities, the footprint and infrastructure that we have across the business as a whole, IS and all the sectors are benefiting from that, so it's not just the cost that we're taking out that I referred to as cost synergy but also starting to realize some of the operational synergy that's having a positive impact on margins as well.
In terms of our outlook for IS, we expect that strong performance to continue. But as I noted, there were a couple of events in the first half that increased their operating margins. And Ken, I'll ask you to share -- shed some light on that.

I'm going to ask Ken to start with giving you the outlook for the remainder of the year and then I'll talk to our overall view of the 3 segments.

Yes. So we've been seeing growth across the 3 segments of AS, manned, unmanned and space. And each quarter, that varies a bit. This quarter, manned and space were up, offsetting some slight declines in unmanned, just largely timing of deliveries in that business. As we look forward and over the long term, we see space as likely the fastest-growing segment of Aerospace in that we see budget increases in that area. It's a key area where we're identifying and executing revenue synergies across the entire portfolio. So I do see that being one of our fastest-growing segments in the company over time.
I would say that manned continues to benefit from a number of key franchise programs like E-2D, the additional awards there with the U.S. Navy, but also it will be fueled by the international growth that we noted in Japan. And then of course, we continue with F-35 to see some decent growth in that manned segment as well. But unmanned too has a nice growth outlook as we take Triton to early operating capability later this year, we'll be ramping up production on that program over time. And we also, as you know, have strong international demand there with units going to Australia and some interest in Germany as well. So I really see nice opportunity across all 3 elements of the Aerospace portfolio.

Thanks. So as we look at the missile space, there is clearly opportunity for us to continue to be key suppliers to Raytheon and Lockheed, which we've been doing in more traditional cruise missiles space. And as I noted on today's call, we continue with that partnering in the hypersonic weapons space as well. 
And then there are some select instances, and I've pointed to some of those in our prior discussions, AARGM-ER, is a good example where we are the prime provider for the missile. We can provide that full integration and delivery capability, but we also have clearly the specialization and propulsion for other prime missile systems. And so when we think about the business, we really do focus ourselves on continuing to evolve the technology in not only the propulsion systems, but our ability to provide guidance and the other elements of the system, the composite structures that we can offer to others or, in select instances, provide through our own prime offering. We see that area growing for IS as we see it growing for the other primes as well. And so we think that there's plenty of market opportunity for the 3 of us in that arena.

Sure. Let me start with Technology Services. Our win rate there in the first half of the year has been very solid, particularly on recompetes where we've been able to defend the business that we have. And as you know, at the beginning of the year, we laid out a trajectory for that business. The actions that we've taken have stopped -- stabilized the top line, and you also see that we're increasing the margin rate in that business because the team is executing to that plan quite well.
As our guidance indicates, I expect that, that sector is going to be flattish for the remainder of the year, and we still expect that the sector will return to growth in 2020. It's largely driven by still having some headwinds from programs that have exited the global services part of the portfolio while we are growing the global sustainment and modernization part of the TS business. 
And I just want to also note that TS is providing us affordable life cycle support and modernization for systems and platforms that we build as well. And so they're an integral part of many of the programs that we have, and they offer us affordable options for that services component of the program execution for the bid.
So now turning to the second part of your question around LTAMDS, we are in an active competition there with submit to bid. And we feel confident that we have an offer that is competitive and is based on mature GaN technology. So we'll wait to see what the Army thinks, but we certainly are pleased to be able to participate in that competition and bring forward what we think is a good offer.

We're certainly assessing the implications of the consolidation in our market, but let me share how we think about our own strategy. I see that we have a strong portfolio, especially now with the addition of Innovation Systems. And this portfolio is well aligned to our customers' highest priority investment areas. As you noted, we have been investing to support value creation. We've been investing in technology. I gave 1 example today of a multiyear investment stream we've had in open Mission Systems electronics and some of the programs that we're now winning in Mission Systems as a result of those investments. 
We, of course, have been investing in the facilities and equipment we need. Many of you have seen the expansion that we've done at Palmdale and across our other aerospace centers of excellence over the last several years. And we have a competitive cost structure, as witnessed by some of our recent wins and the citing of our cost advantages in those. 
So when I look at where we are today, we have that portfolio and a strong basis to support business capture, and we also have a strong and improving balance sheet that's going to continue to allow us this investment optionality into the future. And we've demonstrated the ability to compete and win at our current scale. So I see often that the quality of investment choices is even more important than the pure size of the investment itself. And looking at where we are with a focused strategy, well-aligned investments to that strategy, I feel good about where we're positioned.

I think Rajeev, your second question was related to any recompetes coming up in the second half of the year. Is that right?

Right. So we have the remaining headwinds from the Virginia State outsourcing contract that is still in TS through the third quarter. And then we have, in our Innovation Systems sector, a contract for Lake City ammunition plant and that is expected to be awarded in September of this year. That would be about 10% of the revenue in Innovation Systems. And it does not currently have economic value so there would not be a profit impact. But we are positioning to compete for that contract and are expecting to hear in the next couple of months.

So to frame out the opportunity for you, it clearly starts with the development of the modernized ICBM system and then moves into a production phase over a number of years to actually produce the capability and then would move to sustainment, but that sustainment scope is not part of the RFP for this offering. It's really -- it's about the development and the production phase of the contract and transition to sustainment. 
My phrasing on "technically mature" is because we've been executing tech maturation and risk reduction program for the last several years on GBSD. And through that process, we have been able to retire risk and really mature our offering. And so we do feel that at this point in time, what we're able to offer has wrung some of that risk that we would have identified at the early stage of our design concept out of our offering.

It certainly hasn't fallen off the table. We're still engaged actively with the State Department in looking at MTCR and also specifically looking at certain countries that have requested our unmanned systems capability. And I would say that we see a -- much more opening to have that dialogue and requests from us to come forward with areas that have expressed interest and put some ideas on the table. It is slow to develop those into actual approval for export. And so we're still working through a process that requires a lot of stats for us to get there. And the look at MTCR also requires multinational engagement to make a change to that policy. So that, too, we expected and are seeing that will take some time.

Yes. We are being patient, but not too patient. We're pushing.

Yes. And why don't I start with the second part of your question because in the counter to hypersonic part of the market, we are establishing ourselves as a prime. We have capabilities in the missile defense regime today and in the space regime that we believe will be highly relevant to counter hypersonics, so that is an area that we are aggressively pursuing.
In the case of hypersonics, thinking of the offensive weapon systems themselves, as I noted today, we do have prime effort. We also are supporting both Lockheed and Raytheon. And that's an important part of our strategy. We have been, and Orbital ATK prior to joining Northrop Grumman, had been a merchant supplier to Raytheon and Lockheed. We got into agreements to support them on certain programs, and we are very committed to uphold those agreements and continue to support them with our best and brightest people and technology.
As we look forward over the long term, we certainly will look at every new opportunity as one that we would make a decision, is it right for us to pursue that as a prime, or continue to have partnerships and work through the primes of Raytheon, Lockheed and perhaps others that might emerge in the space as well, or both and offer capability to everyone who is choosing to pursue the marketplace. And so those are decisions we'll take one by one. 
We are certainly not looking to take an aggressive stance in that marketplace because as I said, it's a growing market and it's one that we feel is big enough for 3 parties to adequately play in. We want to make sure there are technologies getting into the hands of the war fighter and that we're getting the best capabilities in a timely fashion. And sometimes, it makes sense for us to work with our competitors to do that.

Thanks, Steve. I once again want to thank our team for their outstanding performance. Our business capture, our growing backlog, our fruitful investments, they continue to provide the opportunity for long-term value creation for our customers and our shareholders.
I also want to thank all of you for joining us for the call today. I hope that you enjoy the remainder of your summer. And I look forward to talking to you again in October. Natalia, that concludes our call.