Thanks, Steve. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I want to start the call by welcoming our new Innovation Systems team to Northrop Grumman. As you know, we completed the transaction with Orbital ATK on June 6 and we've established Innovation Systems as our fourth sector. As you can see from our second quarter results, Innovation Systems is already contributing. We expect this acquisition will be accretive on both a GAAP and a cash basis in 2018.
It was another quarter of solid performance across our company, and I want to thank the entire team for their continued focus on execution. Second quarter sales grew 10%, reflecting continued double-digit growth at Aerospace Systems, largely driven by Manned Aircraft sales; higher Sensors and Processing volume at Mission Systems; and the addition of Innovation Systems. 
Our backlog increased to $52.2 billion, up $9.9 billion, which includes $8.7 billion of Innovation Systems backlog. Net earnings and diluted EPS each increased 24% in the quarter, driven by higher sales and higher segment operating income as well as improvement in both pension and taxes. These positives more than offset transaction-related expenses.
At the midpoint of the year, we're increasing our full year 2018 earnings per share guidance to a range of $16.60 to $16.85. During the quarter, cash from operations totaled $875 million, an improvement of nearly $400 million over last year, primarily due to improved working capital performance. Year-to-date, cash from operations totaled $638 million, an improvement of nearly $600 million over prior year results. 
Regarding capital deployment, the strategy is unchanged. Our first priority is investing for profitable growth, followed by managing the balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Capital spending during the quarter reflects our continued investment in support of long-term profitable growth and affordability for our customers. 
We continue investing to expand our workforce, ramp up on large new programs and pursue and win new business opportunities. In addition to the acquisition, we made capital investments of $199 million in the second quarter and more than $500 million year-to-date. We continue to expect capital expenditures of approximately $1.15 billion in 2018. We're updating our free cash flow projection to a range of $2.4 billion to $2.6 billion.
In terms of the balance sheet, we're focused on near-term debt reduction as well as ensuring our pension plans remain well funded. And we continue to return cash to our shareholders. In 2018, we've increased the dividend 20%. And I'm also happy to report that with the closing of the Orbital ATK transaction, we have resumed share repurchases. Overall, we're pleased with our team's accomplishments during the first half of the year.
In terms of our market environment, we continue to see positive trends for defense spending with the U.S. and with our allies. There's clear recognition that we need to invest in both readiness and modernization. As I look at the opportunity set for our company, particularly with the addition of Innovation Systems, I feel very good about our alignment with our customers' current and emerging needs and our ability to execute on our current portfolio of programs as well as capture important new opportunities going forward. We encourage Congress and the administration to continue making steady progress to reach a timely agreement on FY 2019 appropriations. 
A couple of weeks ago, I announced that I'll be stepping down as CEO on January 1. I suspect some of you may be asking, why now, and wondering if there's some reason you should understand regarding my timing. So I want to be very transparent about my reasons with all of you, as I have been about the other decisions in our company over the years. 
It starts with a strongly held personal belief that healthy organizations use the dynamic of change to continuously improve themselves and to support a culture of excellence. Over the course of my tenure in my current role, we've made many changes: in our portfolio; in our approach to taking on new business and how we drive performance; and I believe most importantly, in our culture. I feel these changes have been key to the value that we've created for all of our stakeholders. 
Healthy change requires new leadership perspectives from time to time, and this includes new perspectives at the CEO level. This is my ninth year as CEO, and as you should expect, getting succession right is very important to me. I'm proud that we have a disciplined and thoughtful approach to succession planning at all levels in our company. And with a long-tenured CEO, good succession planning also means having the successor take on the role in a timely manner when they are ready to take the company to the next level. We are so fortunate to have a leader who is now ready to become our next CEO and to lead us forward. Many of you already know Kathy, so I don't have to tell you that she is an outstanding executive. But I will anyway.
Kathy is absolutely the right person to take this on. She is a great leader. She has a wonderful depth and breadth of knowledge about our company and our industry, and her leadership approach is based on the core values of our company. As I said in my message to our team announcing this transition, I have high expectations for what this company will accomplish during Kathy's tenure as our CEO.
As a part of our transition process, Kathy, Ken, Steve and I will have several opportunities to meet with many of you over the coming months. Kathy and I will be very focused on ensuring we execute a seamless transition through the end of the year. And I've also committed to our board that I will remain as Chairman through July of 2019, about a year from now. 
So let me turn the call over to Kathy to give us an update on our company's operations in the second quarter. Kathy?

Thank you, Noah.

It's Wes. Let me reflect on that since I've probably got the most historical perspective on it and to bring it current. And I'll just take you to them as you describe them, but I'll start with kind of a broader view. I really like what we've done in our company, and as I said in my opening remarks, this goes to sort of the core of our culture in the enterprise to figure out how to quantify risk, how to manage risk and to execute our programs better. If you turn the clock back quite a few number of years ago, we were really struggling on that. And as you know, years ago, we instituted a very robust set of changes and we've maintained those changes. In fact, it's become just core to how we operate. Does that mean we're perfect? No, we're not perfect. Clearly, if we're going to continue to help our customer community press the edge, there will be some things that we don't get exactly right. But they need to be very few and far between. And we have two, as you mentioned, and I think it is appropriate to set aside. We have been fairly clear for a long time about our intent to exit that business and do it in a way that created a smooth transition for the Commonwealth. We were committed to supporting them through that process. And I would say, on a very positive note with respect to that one, that transition was enabled a little bit faster than originally conceived. So I view that as very, very supportive of our portfolio action. But let me take the 2 that we -- that you had mentioned. So first, on James Webb. On James Webb, this is a program that we took on quite a number of years ago, 1.5 decades ago actually, with the intent knowledge at the time that there was going to be a lot of invention on the program. We have succeeded in that invention. It is a remarkable engineering accomplishment, scientific and engineering accomplishment, to have gotten ourselves through that invention. And now we're down to the phase of actually integrating the final parts together. And inevitably, and this is how we do these types of programs and why we do what we do, we're going to test the heck out of this thing, because we only get one shot at it, to launch it. And we're going to make sure we find every little thing. Unfortunately, when you're at the very end stage of a program, finding a little thing propagates to the big thing. And that's what we're experiencing. And we and NASA -- and I have to give NASA a lot of credit for the intensity of focus and their stick-to-it-ness with a flagship program like this. But we are working our way through it, and I am absolutely confident that we are going to launch something that our nation is going to be so incredibly proud that we did, we together. So that, while it's tough, we're sticking it out and we're going to make sure we find all whatever the things are to be found as we go through the testing, and we're not going to launch it until it's right. That's what we do, and we're intent on making sure that it comes out right. With respect to the forward loss item, I think it's been covered rather extensively here. And I'll just say broadly, this was a case where the technical requirements were, again, similar to what we do in other areas, quite extensive. And with respect to our risk management, I think we found a flaw in our process, and with respect to this particular class of technology and the way we looked at production. And so you might imagine, we're treating that as an investment that we're going to run through the rest of the company and make sure we don't ever have that one pop up again, just as we've done with other issues that we have found over time. And I am confident we'll get it right on this program as well, and be in a place where the customer's going to be just delighted with the capability that comes through it. But we signed up to something, we're going to -- once again, we're going to make sure that we follow through on our commitments as we always do, and that's the reason we went ahead and recognized this on a go-forward basis. But to your question about, is there something endemic or are these more isolated? I see them as isolated cases. There are clearly learnings from each, and as I said, we're not perfect, but we sure are striving for perfection here at Northrop Grumman. And that's the way I would characterize what I'm seeing with these 2 issues. I feel very good about program execution across the enterprise. And I'll just add that as we've brought Innovation Systems on, and we've taken a good hard look at how they're performing and the way they're going about their business, I see that discipline of program execution at Innovation Systems as well. So it's going to be another very strong culture match component as we bring the 2 businesses together, and I'm excited about that, but I very much appreciate the question, Carter. Thank you.

Hunter, I'll just add, we're really proud of our team. They're doing a great job for us.

So we actually see demand ticking up in both arenas. And if -- you can look at very, very narrow-focused events, and -- one region or another and try and reach conclusions on it, but you really have to look at the big picture. And the big picture, if you just look at Asia Pacific for just a moment, the nations all see very, very -- I would characterize it as high-risk potential on their horizon with the growth in some nations, both in their economic capacity but also their intentions in terms of their behaviors, causing many of the nations, many of our allies throughout that region to realize that they are going to need to continue to increase their investment in their own security. So that region in particular, I think as we think about the future, poses a significant, both opportunity for us to be supportive of our allies, but also a challenge for many of them to sort through how they're really going to achieve their security objectives both through the construct of allied partnership but also in the construct of their own security investments. And interacting with the leaders across Asia Pacific, you can just see that dialogue ongoing all the time. If I look at Europe, Europe, too, has a variety of issues and concerns that it's going to have to address. And I think a lot of that was evident in some of the recent summits and discussions about investments that the nations need to be making. And that's not all just prompted from U.S. pressure. Clearly, some of it is, but they recognize themselves that their own security environment is changing and that they need to take a more aggressive approach to investing in their security, again in cooperation across all of our allies. I think we all recognize that we're in it together. We've got to make sure that we are capable of working together, both in an operating construct but also on a technology construct, to be able to do the things that we're going to need to do going forward. So I don't want to sound like an alarmist, that's not the intent. But the message is, clearly, from a market environment perspective, that our allies are going to be counting on us. And we're, as a company and I would say more broadly as an industry, stepping up to make sure that we're going to be there for them.

Yes.

Thanks, David.

So Sam, I think I would largely repeat what I said in response to Carter's question. We've had a good long track record of good execution. I see that going forward. I see that built into the way that we operate today. I see the way that decisions get made. And so hard for me to say never, never, never. That would be a foolish thing to say. But I feel really good about the way the company is making its business decisions, the way that our teams approach the execution of the activities that we capture and that we commit performance on to our customers. I see our customers having a lot of confidence in our ability to do that. So if the direction of your question is kind of where does it go on a go-forward basis, I think we've got the right not only processes, but also people in place, as well as development programs in place because you want to see this sustained well into the future, to ensure that we're approaching our business the way we have been approaching our business. So it will require constant attention and whenever there is a learning, to make sure that we really get the benefit of that learning, just as we've been doing for a number of years. So I do feel good about the process going forward. I appreciate especially what Kathy has been doing in her role as COO in enforcing that discipline and making sure that we are really thinking about things in a broad way as we enter into new activities. And that if we do see something that has any form of issue around the company, that we're putting the full power of this amazing corporation on it to get it fixed early. So I -- again, I feel good about the vector that I see.

All right. Thanks, Steve. Well, everyone, I think you've heard us say Innovation Systems a lot of times today, but I'm going to say it again. I just want to say how the delighted we are to have the Innovation Systems team join Northrop Grumman. This is such a great addition to our portfolio and to have it be accretive in 2018 is just tremendous for us. I appreciate the hard work by all of our team members around the company in continuing to drive performance and to position us well for our future. So thanks, everybody, for joining on our call and for your continued interest in Northrop Grumman.