Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. I want to congratulate the Northrop Grumman team for a very strong start to 2021. One year after the onset of the pandemic, we have adjusted to a new way of working and we continue to support our employees, our customers, our suppliers and our communities, which has enabled us to deliver outstanding results to our shareholders.  
Our results demonstrate the strength of our team, our portfolio, our strategy and our operating performance. Our solid bookings and competitive wins, robust organic sales growth and excellent operational performance resulted in strong margin rates, earnings and cash in the quarter. We also closed the divestiture of our IT services business, and successfully transitioned those employees and programs to Peraton.  
Elaborating on financial highlights. We booked new awards of $8.9 billion, grew sales 6% and increased segment operating income, 13%. GAAP EPS of $13.43 reflects the IT services gain and transaction-adjusted EPS increased 28% in the quarter. First quarter operating cash improved by more than $900 million year-over-year. Using cash on the balance sheet and divestiture proceeds, we executed a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement that retired an initial 5.9 million shares.  
We also retired $2.2 billion in debt, including early redemptions of $1.5 billion. Even with share repurchases, dividends and deleveraging, all of which totaled more than $4.4 billion, we exceeded the first -- we ended the first quarter with $3.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet.  
As I outlined in January, this year's capital deployment plans continue to include robust investment to drive innovation and affordability and at least $1 billion of additional share repurchases. Based on what we see now over the next couple of years, we expect to return the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.  
With the strength of our first quarter results, a solid outlook for the remainder of the year and confidence in our portfolio, we are raising our sales and EPS guidance. We now expect sales will increase to between $35.3 billion and $35.7 billion, a $200 million increase to the prior range. And we are raising transaction-adjusted EPS guidance by $0.85 to a range of $24 to $24.50.  
As we look forward, we believe our capabilities will remain well aligned with U.S. national security priorities. In early policy guidance, such as its interim national security strategy, the Biden administration has signaled that it views competition with China as the most pressing long-term security challenge, and will invest in the capabilities needed to maintain U.S. national security advantages.  
In its recent budget framework for fiscal year 2022, the administration described several priority efforts that are closely aligned with our portfolio and technology leadership. These include space, modernizing the nuclear deterrent, advanced weapons and long-range fires capabilities and R&D for breakthrough technologies, such as artificial intelligence, advanced computing and cyber.  
Turning to operational highlights in the quarter. Our Space business doubled its backlog in 2020 and achieved 30% revenue growth in each of the last 2 quarters. This performance confirms our competitive capabilities and our ability to capture market share as our nation ramps up investment in Space. 3 competitive awards in the first quarter are good examples: The Hypersonic and Ballistic Tracking Space Sensor; the Protected Tactical SATCOM, rapid prototype program; and the next-generation interceptor.  
On HBTSS, we received $155 million award to build a prototype sensor satellite capability capable of tracking hypersonic weapons from space. For Protected Tactical SATCOM, we were down selected for a follow-on award to proceed with our ongoing prototype development with a flight demonstration of our PTS payload expected in 2024. We also were awarded a $2.6 billion contract for the next phase of the Missile Defense Agency's next-generation interceptor, known as NGI, with a period of performance through 2026. This contract is for the rapid development and flight test of an interceptor designed to defend against the most complex long-range threats. 
Opportunities for Northrop Grumman in Space also extend to civil and commercial space. NASA's fiscal year 2022 discretionary requests is $24.7 billion, a 6.3% increase over the 2021 enacted level. Importantly, the request supports human exploration of the moon, Mars and beyond. 
Support for the NASA budget enables our efforts on space launch systems and HALO, the Habitation and Logistics Outpost program. And in commercial space, MEV-1 continues to provide life extension services to an Intelsat satellite and have received Via Satellite's Satellite Technology of the Year award. The award recognizes the technology breakthrough that reshapes the way the satellite industry works now and for years to come. 
I'm also pleased to report that earlier this month, MEV-2 successfully docked with another Intelsat satellite.  MEV-2 will provide 5 years of service before undocking and moving on to provide services for a new mission. Northrop Grumman is a pioneer in this field and remains the only provider of flight-proven life extension services for satellites. 
As the U.S. continues modernizing its strategic deterrent capabilities, we are proud to be the prime contractor for 2 legs of the TRIAD: The B-21 bomber; and the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent, or GBSD; as well as a key supplier on the third leg. These modernization programs, which were initiated in the Obama administration, are expected to begin fielding at the end of this decade. Both GBSD and B-21 are benefiting from our use of innovative digital tools to reduce technical risk and cost. 
As the Air Force has noted, B-21 development has been unique in that the test aircraft are more mature than other systems have been at this point, allowing us to validate our production processes much sooner in the program life cycle. And our GBSD program successfully completed 2 major milestone reviews and remains on track to field an initial operating capability by 2029. 
We are working closely with the Air Force partner and industry teammates to use digital engineering and agile software development to reduce risk and shorten development time lines as we modernize this critical system. The GBSD program has earned the e-Series designation from the U.S. Air Force, affirming the program's cutting-edge approach to digital transformation. 
All 4 of our sectors are aligned to the high priority investment areas needed to maintain military superiority. In addition to developing new platforms and weapon systems, we are enabling the modernization of existing platforms to ensure our war fighters have the best technology that their platforms can be modularly upgraded to counter evolving threats. 
In the first quarter, we received orders totaling approximately $500 million for additional SABR radar systems for the F-16. With these additional orders, we're now under contract to produce approximately 900 systems in the support of F-16 upgrades and new jet procurements for 8 FMS countries, as well as upgrades to our U.S. Air Force, Guard and Reserve F-16 fleets. 
Also on the F-16 for the U.S. Air Force, we were down selected as the sole offer for the EMD in production of a modern electronic warfare fleet to provide next-generation self protection and ensure an upgrade path for advanced capabilities against highly agile future threats. And during the quarter, the U.S. Army approved our Kirkham system, for full rate production following a successful 6-month initial operational test and evaluation on its helicopters. 
We also continue to demonstrate how we can connect platforms and sensors to enable Joint All-Domain Command and Control or JADC2. Our fifth generation connectivity solutions will be featured on multiple platforms in the upcoming Northern Edge 21 Exercise in May. We expect to participate in several other exercises over the next 12 months, including the Army's Project Convergence, where IBCS is expected to be featured. And we're responding to the ABMS digital infrastructure investment priority, requiring secure processing, connectivity and data management. 
And finally, we are maturing our advanced weaponry and long-range fires capabilities. We conducted a successful live fire demonstration of our integrated counter UAS solutions this quarter. The demonstration showcased our next-generation proximity ammunition and its capability to defeat Class 1, 2 and 3 unmanned aerial systems. In addition, AARGM-ER had 2 successful static motor tests of a rocket motor, marketing 9 consecutive successful tests in preparation for the upcoming flight tests. 
All of these successes reflects the quality of our team and the benefits of our recent investment in new technology to support national security for the U.S. and our allies. We are focused on competing and winning the programs that enable continued growth and affordably delivering the capability our customers need. This quarter was another demonstration of our commitment to maintain strong returns and cash flows while growing the business. 
I'll turn the call over to Dave now for a more detailed discussion of our financial guidance, results and trends. Dave?

Well, without getting into specific outlook for 2022, let me talk about some of the major drivers that we see. You noted that GBSD will have a tougher compare '22 to '21 because we'll have a full year of GBSD this year. However, I would point to the fact that GBSD is expected to continue to ramp into 2022. The budget shows another, approximately $1 billion increase going from '21 to 2022. 
So not all of that is the Northrop Grumman program. That's the entire budget. But you can see that there is still escalation and growth anticipated for the program going into next year. But more importantly, as you highlighted, there are other activities that we have underway that have a growth profile from '21 to '22. NGI is one of those. The other 2 awards that I mentioned today are 2 others. 
And so we do see the opportunity for Space to continue to grow. It is true that when we look at this business, it grew 18% last year. We are projecting high-teen growth again this year. So those are very robust growth rates. But we do see the potential for Space to continue to be a growth driver for our business and indeed, our fastest-growing segment.

Thanks for the question, Rob. We certainly see this business is transforming the way companies think about satellite life extension. And we see that with Intelsat, and of course, we started in the commercial space. Because we had in Intelsat, a willing partner to pioneer with us, and that's really what this is. As I noted, we're still the only company providing this kind of mission life extension capability. 
And Intelsat has been a fabulous partner in being able to demonstrate those capabilities on 2 of their satellites. And MEV-2 is docked with a satellite that is currently providing mission service. MEV-1, I'll remind you, was taking a satellite that was out of service and bringing it back to service. So as we continue to demonstrate that we can even dock with a moving satellite, providing service and not disrupt those services, I do expect that other customers will see the value. And that, that business will continue to grow. 
We also see the opportunity, as we work with our defense customers, to bring those capabilities to military and special systems that our national security relies upon, now that we have demonstrated the capability with commercial clients.

So Carter, as we look at F-35 in its 3 pieces, I think you're primarily asking about production volume. And, in particular, at Aeronautics, we see that volume relatively flat for the next few years based on the demand signal that we've gotten from Lockheed and what they've asked us to quote. 
Now price continues to come down as we do our part to contribute to the affordability of the aircraft. So that's a little bit of an offset to a flat volume. At the same time though when you look at the other pieces of the program, modernization and sustainment, those are growing over that period of time. 
And so all in all, we see our F-35 franchise within Northrop Grumman being relatively flat over the next several years.

So why don't we have Dave start with the second part of your question, which will give you more sense of the capital we have to deploy, and then I'll talk to the deployment strategy.

Thanks, Dave. And so as Dave outlined, our capital deployment strategy has remained consistent. We invest in the business, but we have signaled and continued to see our CapEx as a percentage of revenue starting to come down in 2022, just based on the opportunity set that we have and the robust investments that we've been doing over the last couple of years. 
We've also been active in portfolio shaping and are pleased with the portfolio that we have now and its alignment to the National Defense strategy. So we've been using proceeds to mature our cash balance and really get to a place for our balance sheet is where we'd like it to be. And we're in a position, therefore, to now focus on dividends and share repurchase. 
So my comments really reflect that as we sit here today, that we do expect the majority of our cash proceeds over the next couple of years will go to those 2 methods of returning cash to shareholders.

Okay, I appreciate the question. And the reflection on the breadth of our portfolio, you're absolutely right. We already are an important partner to launch providers, including companies that we've been working with and some that are newer entrants into the space. We are working with companies that are new entrants into the defense space that provide unique capabilities in areas like communication or other areas of expertise that we feel can be applied to national security. 
But our focus, really as a company, remains on our expertise in National Security Space. That's where the predominance of the growth in our portfolio is coming from today. And we'll look to use capabilities and products that we build for commercial and space exploration applications just as we do today. But you can expect the predominance of Northrop Grumman's investment as well as our growth to continue to come from National Security Space.

So we're really pleased with the acquisition that we did with Orbital ATK to build out our space portfolio. We saw that as our big investment. And as you know, they brought not only capability in National Security Space, but commercial and civil space exploration as well. 
And so we're quite confident that our portfolio allows us to participate across that wide spectrum of growth and investment in space. We also have partnerships. We tend not to advertise those partnerships, and they aren't always aligned with an investment in other companies, but they are relationships that we have, providing our capability to and through them, or their capability through us to our customers. 
Look, at the end of the day, we see new entrants in the market as partners in areas like launch, comms, exploration. And the investment that they're making is oftentimes complementary to ours. But we combine them on a solution-by-solution basis, because that's the business that we're in. We look for the best partner for each system that we are bidding and delivering. And so that's been our partnership model, and I expect that to continue to be our partnership model.

So Ron, 2 years ago, when I stepped into the role, I talked a lot about the desire for the company to focus in on campaign areas that were closely aligned to where we believe the National Defense strategy would place investment, and we continue to believe that those campaigns are focused in the right areas. 
We see Space continuing to grow faster than other parts of the market, and we see ourselves being able to continue to grow our portfolio and take share there. Strategic missiles continues to be an important area. Our work on GBSD, the down select, on NGI, so now the interceptor side of that equation, as well as more modernization that the Missile Defense Agency has to do in protective systems against adversary ICBM, and we see that stretching across domain. 
So even in Space, we see a tremendous amount of free capitalization in missile tracking and the ability to detect new missile types, like hypersonics and I talked about the HBTSS award that we have. 
So space and missiles, very complementary in terms of our strategic focus in both of those areas and still more growth that we see in both of those. Another key area that we've been focused on is Joint All-Domain Command and Control. And we were doing it before it was called JADC2 with programs like IBCS, which really fits what the government looks for in being able to integrate sensors and shooters and provide that backbone architecture. 
It has elements of communications and connectivity, which is an investment area, an area of technical excellence for our company. It has elements of computing and the advancement that's needed to process large amounts of data. It has advancements in artificial intelligence. And these are all areas that our company continues to invest in and have leadership positions in. 
So those are just a few examples of the campaigns that we outlined in 2019 that we continue to execute against and see good success. So no new strategy. It's continuing to execute that strategy, which is working well for us and still have legs, we believe, well into the future.

So Doug, it's an excellent question and one that we spend a lot of time thinking about strategically because our portfolio, as you know, does have a good bit of vertical integration opportunity. But that doesn't mean that it's always the right answer to put our systems on our platform. And so we take a very objective look when we are an integrator onto a platform at where the best technology comes from. And that may be inside of Northrop Grumman, it may be with an industry partner. 
And to the earlier point in Space, increasingly, maybe new entrants and companies that aren't particularly focused on National Security, but have capability to bring to bear. I would also, though, point out that being a strong competitor in Mission Systems and being able to have the technology that is the winning technology on a platform means that you have to invest and that you have to prioritize in that area, and we have done that quite successfully. 
So there are many cases where our technology is the best to go on a platform. And even if it's not our platform and another company's desire to vertically integrate, they will not choose, I don't believe, to put their own kit on a platform if it's not the best technology to compete at the platform level. And we've seen that play out time and time again, where there was a fear that our Mission Systems would not be selected by other competitors because they would want to integrate their own capabilities. But at the end of the day, it's incumbent upon the platform primes, ourself included, to make unbiased choices and look at what is the best capability to provide to our ultimate customer to meet the requirements. And that's where our Mission Systems team has excelled, staying at the forefront of technology so that we do compete and we emerge as the best provider. 
It's why our Mission Systems business has a good deal of full force work. I talked about the F-16 upgrades on the radar, but also the EW suite now that we're working with the Air Force, that is because we have the best technology. And we are now being selected to move to deliver that capability.

And Myles, on our talent strategy and specifically the growth that we expect. We hired almost 14,000 people last year. And as you noted, yielded about 7,000 new headcount, and that's largely because attrition has slowed. And we expect that, that will continue into this year. 
But perhaps with other companies beginning to grow and the labor market tightening that could go up. So we expect to net about the same headcount growth this year, but we're monitoring closely the moving parts of how many hires we need to make with another attrition to get there.

Well, thanks, Todd. As you've heard, the year is off to a great start with our new awards. We had robust sales growth and strong margins in the quarter. And I want to recognize that the foundation of executing our strategy is the strength of this team and their outstanding performance. So let me conclude by once again thanking the Northrop Grumman team for their innovation and hard work. So that concludes our call. We look forward to talking to you again next quarter, and thanks for joining.