Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered another year of solid operating performance in 2021 and positioned our business for continued growth in 2022. We are executing our strategy, which is to grow the business today and into the future, maintain excellent performance and reduce costs to deliver strong margin rate and deploy our capital to create value. We made significant progress in executing this strategy again in 2021. 
Our organic sales growth for the year was 3%. Our segment operating margin was an exceptionally strong 11.8%, which increased 40 basis points compared to 2020 with performance more than offsetting mix and COVID-related headwinds. We grew our transaction adjusted EPS by 8% and generated a $3.1 billion of transaction adjusted free cash flow. 
Regarding capital deployment, we returned a record $4.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, including a $500 million accelerated share repurchase that we announced in November of 2021. We strengthened our balance sheet, retiring over $2.2 billion of debt during the year and achieving an increased credit rating in the process. And we continue to invest in our business with over $1.4 billion in capital expenditures to create new technologies and support franchise programs.
We also continue to add to our portfolio of franchise programs, with competitive wins on programs like the Integrated Battle Command System, or IBCS, as well as Hypersonic and Ballistic Tracking Space Sensor and Next Generation Interceptor. 
As we look forward to '22 and beyond, we expect our organic growth will continue as we win new business and convert the robust backlog we've built over the past several years into sales growth. And while we'll know more about the President's budget request in the coming weeks, we continue to believe that our portfolio is strongly aligned with the threat environment and the key investment priorities of our customers.
Further, we expect strong margin performance as well as double-digit free cash flow growth from 2022 through 2024. 2022 guidance reflects our confidence in our strategy, our broad portfolio and our ability to deliver continued growth and strong performance.
As reported, the COVID pandemic continued to present challenges to labor availability, parts supply and shipping delays across the economy, particularly in the second half of last year. We have felt these effects and the challenges at both our supply chain and our own labor availability. We will continue to take proactive steps to address such COVID risks, both to our employees and our business. And looking forward, our current guidance reflect the factors we know today and our best estimate for the remainder of the year. Dave is going to provide more details on the quarter, the full year and our guidance in just a few minutes. 
But turning now to the budget environment. The federal government continues to operate under a continuing resolution that currently run through February 18. Negotiations on the fiscal year 2022 appropriations bills are continuing. And we remain optimistic that Congress will reach an agreement by the end of the first quarter. 
The National Defense Authorization Act contained a $25 billion increase to the defense budget that represents 5% growth compared to fiscal year 2021, which we expect to also be supported in the appropriations bill. In the NDAA, there is continued support for our major programs, and several of our programs received incremental funding above the President's budget request, including Triton, E-2D F-35, F-18 and G/ATR, among others. And finally, we expect the FY '23 President's budget to be delivered to Congress in March of this year, reflecting this administration's priorities in areas such as mission systems, space, missile defense, advanced weapons and deterrents. 
Focusing now on highlights in the quarter, one of our proudest moments was the launch of the Webb Space Telescope on December 25. Northrop Grumman is the prime contractor for NASA on Webb, and we're honored to have partnered with NASA to provide the world with this revolutionary technology. Webb will peer more than 13.5 billion years into the past when the first stars and galaxies were formed, ushering in an exciting new era of space observation and expanding our understanding of the universe. 
In addition to Webb, we're also supporting NASA's Artemis mission by producing the largest solid rocket motors ever built for the space launch vehicle system, which is being developed to send the first woman and next man to the moon. In the fourth quarter, the space sector received a $3.2 billion award to support Artemis missions IV through VIII. 
Another important milestone in the quarter was the competitively awarded IBCS in our Defense Systems sector. This program is a centerpiece of the U.S. Army's modernization strategy for air and missile defense and all-domain command and control. It's a prime example of our capabilities to integrate assets in the battle space regardless of source, service or domain. This is one of many examples of how we are helping our customers share data between systems and improve command and control in support of their JADC2 vision. 
In the area of missile defense, we had several milestones in the quarter, which position us to help our customers track and defend against hypersonic and ballistic missile threats. In the fourth quarter, we announced that HBTSS had passed its critical design review. These satellites are planned to be part of a multilayered network of spacecraft that will detect and track hypersonic missiles. Also in the quarter, we were selected by the Missile Defense Agency to design a glide phase interceptor for regional hypersonic missile defense. 
In our Mission Systems sector, we continue to see our customers prioritizing development of capabilities that will increase the effectiveness and survivability of legacy systems as well as new technologies for next-generation systems. In the fourth quarter, MS received an accelerated award for F-16 SABR for approximately $200 million, and full year awards of approximately $700 million. We have now received total contract awards for near 1,000 radars for this program in support of the U.S. Air Force and National Guard as well as several international customers. 
In addition, our network information systems business area within Mission Systems received approximately $1 billion in awards for advanced processing solutions. This portfolio delivers strategic microelectronics focused on high-performance computing and security, which helps our customers with connectivity and processing solutions. We anticipate additional awards in this segment of the portfolio for the next few years, and we expect it will be a significant growth driver for MS in 2022. 
Finally, in aeronautics. The military aircraft market is undergoing a transition as our customers focus their investments in next-generation programs while divesting some legacy platforms. As we've discussed, certain programs in our portfolio at Aeronautics Systems are maturing and experiencing headwinds. But there are also a number of exciting new opportunities that are emerging. This includes next-generation manned aircraft as well as new unmanned opportunities, which U.S. Air Force Secretary Kendall recently announced. In addition to pursuing these longer-term opportunities, we remain focused on executing our programs and delivering for our customers.
Another important aspect of our company's future is our strategy for sustainability. We strongly believe that our environmental, social and governance programs play an important role in sustainable, profitable growth and in long-term value creation for our shareholders, customers and employees. Northrop Grumman is a leader in conservation activity with a 44% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions since 2010. In the fourth quarter, S&P released its Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment scores, and we ranked in the 96 percentile. We were included on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America for the sixth consecutive year, and we were included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the first time. 
Our ESG strategy also includes portfolio management actions. As we've discussed on earnings calls last year, we committed to transition out of the small aging and surveillance contracts that we have for cluster munitions, and that contract is complete. And while we continue to be an ammunitions supplier as both a prime and a merchant supplier, we have made the decision to transition our prime role in depleted-uranium ammunition to another provider, following one final single production year contract. 
We are currently working to establish our next set of sustainability goals and priorities, specifically as they relate to greenhouse gas emissions, water conservation and solid waste diversion with a stronger emphasis on renewable energy. Overall, we're making substantial progress in our ESG journey, and we look forward to sharing more in our upcoming sustainability and TCFD reports. 
So with that, I'll turn it over to Dave to provide more detail on our sector results and guidance. And then I have a few additional comments before we move on to Q&A.

Thanks, Dave. In summary, we have strong franchise programs that are well aligned to budget priorities. We are focused on capturing and investing in new growth opportunities while also executing to drive earnings and cash flow growth. We delivered a solid set of results in 2021, and we are well positioned to continue growing and performing in 2022 and beyond.
Our top priority for cash deployment remains shareholder return, including a competitive dividend and share repurchases. With that in mind, our Board of Directors recently approved an increase in our share repurchase authorization of $2 billion. And based on our outlook today, we plan on returning at least $1.5 billion to shareholders via share repurchase in 2022.
Before turning to your questions, I'd like to thank the Northrop Grumman team for delivering solid operational results with dedication and perseverance. We have extraordinary talent, and this includes our leadership team.
As we announced in November, Blake Larson is retiring after a 40-year career with Northrop Grumman and its heritage companies. Blake has helped to position our space business for incredible growth and as important, a focus on performance and quality. We are grateful for his contributions to our company and our country.
And I'd also like to welcome Tom Wilson to my leadership team as he succeeds Blake. Tom brings strong experience in the space market. He was part of the space team, and I'm confident in his ability to lead this business.
So with that, we'll go ahead and open the call up for questions. Natalia, back to you.

Yes, Kristine. They are similar issues to what we flagged in the third quarter of last year, and they are related largely to labor availability in our own workforce as well as what we're seeing in our suppliers. And when I talk about labor availability, that's really with the Delta variant in the late part of the third quarter, early part of the fourth quarter, and then Omicron again in the late part of the fourth quarter and now early part of 2022. 
We see higher levels of absenteeism. We -- employee safety is our first priority. We encourage people to be out of work if they're experiencing any symptoms, and we also isolate people who have been in close contact. And so as a result, absenteeism has been higher in these surges, and it has an impact, particularly in our high-rate, high-volume production lines where people are in closer proximity and where whole work cells might be impacted if we have one person sick or out. And so that's why you see it more pronounced in our aeronautics sector because that's where we have really only one high-rate, high-volume production program, the F-35. And we've talked specifically about the impact to that program. 
Across the rest of the business, it's not that we aren't experiencing these same conditions, but we're able to mitigate them better. And you see less of a pronounced impact in any one period. But certainly, we would have expected to see a stronger fourth quarter top line had we not experienced those 2 surges.

So we've taken a very comprehensive look, not only at our strategy, but our portfolio, and assessed what that exposure is. I do want to be clear, we are a defense contractor. And so we are supporting global security missions, largely in areas of deterrents, but also inclusive of weapon systems. And we expect to continue in those businesses because we believe they actually promote global security, human rights proliferation, not the contrary. 
But with that said, we have evaluated some portions of our portfolio that I've talked about in the past, like cluster munitions. And today, making the confirmation that we plan to exit depleted-uranium ammo as parts of the portfolio that we no longer wanted to support directly.

So I'll start and then ask Dave to provide a little more color and specificity. I see our aeronautics sector as having headwinds this year that will dissipate going into 2023. So we don't expect the same levels of decline as we move into next year, and then that trend reversing in the 2024 time frame. 
And I won't point to any particular program, but it is at that point in time that we expect some of the headwinds that we've discussed to be largely behind us and the opportunities for growth in higher volume of production in aeronautics to start to kick in. And so that would have both an upward trajectory for top line, but we also see their margin rates progressively improving over that period as well. So that gives you the macro view. 
Dave, anything you'd like to add to that?

So GBSD has been a significant component of space business growth in the last 2 years, and we expect that to start to level out, but GBSD to continue to be a growth element in space for the foreseeable future. But with that said, you're right to point out that there was significant growth in the rest of the space portfolio as well, balancing about 50-50 with GBSD and contributing last year. And we expect that same trend to continue this year with the $1 billion or so of sales growth that we're projecting in space.
And that really is broad-based growth. It's coming from all areas of the business, the propulsion, satellites as well as components. It's coming from both restricted and classified work as well as unclassified work. And it's coming from a variety of customers, the new Space Force, the U.S. Air Force as well as NASA, as I highlighted today. So we really are seeing space growth to be quite balanced, even in 2023 -- or 2022, but even more so as we look forward to 2023. And we expect it to continue to be one of, if not the fastest-growing sector for the foreseeable future.

Yes, Ron, and thanks for that question because we've talked a good bit about the headwinds in our HALE portfolio. And that's coming off of production of Global Hawk, which was not only for the U.S. Air Force, with several international customers; and then Triton, which is still early in its production. And those headwinds were the plateauing more of Triton and the production pause and then the Global Hawk phasing out. But the reality is autonomous systems are still an important part of both the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy strategies going forward as well as an important asset in the portfolio for our international customers. So we see that market is continuing to evolve.
With some specificity to your question, I mentioned earlier in this call that the U.S. Air Force Secretary Kendall has recently been more specific about launching some new efforts in unmanned systems within the Air Force, and we do see those as opportunities that we will pursue. So there's starting to be some more meat on the bones as to what those specific opportunities will be. We do see the market as continuing to be attractive.

Part of what you are asking is what is our outlook. And while we're not going to provide specific numbers, as Dave said, I'll point you to some of the comments that I made. We expect continued top line growth in this business beyond 2022. And we expect the earnings expansion. And so those are factored in, both to our 2023 and 2024 expectations for cash. And you can draw some conclusion that we see an accelerated growth profile going from '23 into '24 on earnings. And that would be a fair assumption to make as well based on what we've outlined for you.

Doug, when we were looking at this a few years ago, I would say our expectations were more balanced between space and missile. And what we've seen is space has outperformed our expectations. Missiles has been more in line to date with expectations, maybe not as much opportunity as we project out into the out-years, but space is more than offsetting that. And we feel we've gotten a return on investment. 
I will say that we continue to be a strong merchant supplier in the missiles space. And so as that market continues to grow and expand -- and we do expect it will, particularly in hypersonics, we are partnered with the larger weapons providers to provide them important components of those weapon systems. And so we, by no means, believe that our return on investment is not maturing in the weapons space. It's just maturing more quickly and more significantly in space.

So Noah, if I look at that business, we continue to layer in new development work. We talked about a few of those things today: the glide phase interceptor, the NGI program. And so it's not just the GBSD phenomena that is causing that mix headwind. But as GBSD transition from a development phase even into the early stages of production, we would expect to see that be the biggest driver in a tailwind to margin rate. And that happens around the middle of the decade. 
In the meantime, that business continues to perform exceptionally well, and the margin rate for our space business are very solid in comparison to others. So we're really pleased with that performance as we ingest all of this development work and believe that we can maintain those rates in line with what we have projected for 2022 and see increases towards the middle of the decade.

At the company level, Cai, what we are seeing is continued growth on the top line and margin expansion opportunity. But just as we've demonstrated, right, we've seen 40 basis points of improvement going from '20 to '21. As we look at 2022, we're holding that range constant with where we ended 2021, and that's largely because we have offset these mix pressures as we've brought more development work into the portfolio.
And so what we are suggesting is that, that would continue to be the case until we move the mix more in the direction of production. But we are having performance improvements and cost efficiencies that are providing tailwinds on margin rates. So you would expect us to continue to work those levers even with this current mix, and we see opportunity for margins even as we look into 2023.

I'll start with your question about year '22 awards and backlog expectations. We do not expect to have book-to-bill of 1 in 2022. We see fewer new competitive opportunities this year. It's just timing. And we also see fewer multiyear awards, with the exception being the AS F-35 award, which has pushed into this year. 
We tend not to focus so much on singular year book-to-bill but instead a longer-term view because we have so many multiyear awards. And as Dave mentioned, when we look at the last 3 years, our average book-to-bill was 1.22. So it established a really strong foundation for us to continue to grow. 
As we look at this year, we still expect to end this year with 4-year then trailing average of over 1.1. So it just gives you a sense that we expect to not only have a strong backlog, but an average book-to-bill that continues to support the growth that we are outlining into the future.

Yes. And let me just start with this past year. We had the IT services divestiture, which generated cash that we also deployed back into the business, as we committed we would. And so that's what drove that higher level of capital deployment opportunity even above our free cash flow in 2021. 
As we're looking forward, when we talk about majority of our cash being returned to shareholders, we talked about at least $1.5 billion of share repurchase this year, and that is against the $2.6 billion at the midpoint or so of our guide in free cash flow. So -- and of course, dividends on top of that, which we have committed to continue paying competitive dividend, which our Board will take up again early this year. So that gives you a sense of what we mean by majority.
There's also opportunity in that we have paid down debt and really solidified our balance sheet. So we currently have a cash balance that's higher than what we have stated our target to be, which is around $2 billion. And so that gives us some flexibility as we look at not only 2022 but beyond as well. And we really don't have any major debt tranches coming due. We have 1 in 2023 that we've outlined, but we have flexibility on whether to refinance or to pay that at this point based on where our credit rating sits. So that's how we're thinking about capital deployment.

It gets a little higher over the next couple of years, never significantly out of balance with that 50-50 ratio. And then in 2025 is when we expect it to start to shift in the other direction.

So as we look at our classified portfolio, just as we do on all of our programs, we incorporate those low-rate, initial production lots that were priced into our estimate-at-complete process. And so we're looking at that on an ongoing basis. That risk is not only being monitored, but reflected in our financial statements based on expectations as we know them today. And so the production experience that we have, even early on in test aircraft and such, all inform how we think about those low-rate initial production lots.

So not at a particular program level, but we do talk about that in aggregate. And so as I said, our balance, even in aeronautics being specific to the sector, is about 50-50. And we expect that to continue to be the case in 2022.
So I think we are out of time. I'm going to go ahead and wrap up. Thanks again for joining us today. Again, I wanted to thank our team also for another strong year in 2021 and for positioning us so well for 2022 and beyond. We had solid performance, and our innovation and investments are positioning us to continue delivering the products that our customers want with the urgency that they need. So thanks again for your support. We look forward to talking to you in April.