Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We delivered another quarter of strong results in an increasingly complex environment. In the last quarter, we've seen developments in the global fight against COVID-19 and macroeconomic changes, such as a tightening labor market, supply chain challenges and growing inflation. But we've also seen evolving threats to our National Security, which has further eliminated the value of Northrop Grumman products and services. 
On today's call, we will provide insights into these developments and their effects on our business to date as well as discuss our third quarter performance results and provide our updated outlook for this year and an additional look at 2022.  
I'd like to thank our employees and our extended Northrop Grumman team, including our suppliers, for their relentless focus on delivering for our customers and our shareholders. I am proud of how our team has demonstrated remarkable resiliency and adaptability during these dynamic times. 
Our company continues to deliver strong operating performance. As we announced earlier today, we had a segment operating margin rate of 11.9% in the third quarter, and year-to-date, an exceptional segment operating margin rate of 12%. In addition, earnings per share in the quarter were $6.63, an increase of 13% compared to last year. And our transaction-adjusted free cash generation continues to be strong, increasing 15% year-to-date. We ended the quarter with just over $4 billion in cash, providing significant flexibility in support of our capital deployment initiatives.
With respect to the top line, our year-to-date organic growth was 8%. This robust growth reflects the alignment and strength of our broad portfolio to our customers' priorities and future needs. As expected, our organic growth rate slowed in the quarter from the rapid pace that we saw in the first half of the year.
 In addition to having fewer working days in the second half of the year, which we discussed on each of our last 2 calls, we are also seeing an impact on our sales from the broader economic environment due to COVID-19. During the third quarter, this included employee leave taking at a higher level than planned, a tighter labor market and certain supply chain challenges. We continue to focus on the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and partners as we work to mitigate the impact of these factors.  
As you know, the President recently issued an executive order generally requiring employees to federal contractors to be fully vaccinated by early December. We have shared the details of this mandate with our U.S. workforce, and we are working to help them meet the requirements. We also increased our hiring plans for the fourth quarter to help mitigate the potential impact of any increased attrition.
Based on the team's strong third quarter performance and in consideration of macroeconomic factors as we see them today, we are increasing our guidance for segment OM and EPS for the year and narrowing our sales guidance to approximately $36 billion. Dave will provide more details on the quarter, our updated guide as well as our initial outlook for 2022.  
Turning to budget updates from Washington. We're seeing strong bipartisan support for National Security broadly and Northrop Grumman programs specifically. We are pleased that an agreement was reached on the continuing resolution and debt ceiling that will fund the government through December 3. We are hopeful that Congress will finalize the fiscal year 2022 appropriations and avoid a protracted continuing resolution.  
With respect to the FY '22 defense budget overall, we see bipartisan support for increased defense spending, including adding funding above the President's budget request. We are hopeful that this additional funding will be supported in final appropriations.  
Over the past several weeks, senior customers, members of Congress and administration officials have made increasingly public comments about strategic competition in the National Security environment and the need to counter and deter evolving threats. One clear and consistent message has been the need to invest in and more rapidly field advanced capabilities. 
Our company's portfolio and capabilities are strongly aligned to the 5 National Security priority areas, particularly in advanced weapons, strategic deterrence, mission systems and space. And we're using digital technologies to develop and deploy capabilities faster and more efficiently than ever before across our entire portfolio.
I'll share a few highlights to demonstrate how our performance today continues to position us for the future. With the emergence of more sophisticated air defense systems, the need for standoff capabilities and speed to target is critical for our customers. To address this requirement, Northrop Grumman developed AARGM-ER, a high-speed, long-range air-to-ground missile. And in the third quarter, after just 28 months in engineering, manufacturing and development, we achieved a critical milestone, clearing the wafer production. In September, we received our first low-rate initial production award for the program. 
Also during the quarter, we, along with our industry partner, Raytheon, successfully tested the hypersonic air-breathing weapon concept known in HAWC. Northrop Grumman supplies the scramjet propulsion system for HAWC, allowing speeds of greater than Mach 5. AARGM-ER and HAWC are just 2 examples of how we're providing the higher speed and longer-range weapons needed to be relevant in today's threat environment.  
Another key area where we are supporting our customers is in the need and urgency to enhance our country's strategic deterrence capabilities, especially in light of recent disclosures of investments that other nations are making in modernizing their strategic capabilities. The triad is the foundation of the security strategy for the U.S. and its allies and has been an effective deterrent for decades, preserving peace and deterring aggression. As highlighted by recent customer and administration comments, modernizing the triad remains a high priority. 
Northrop Grumman is the prime on 2 of the 3 legs of the triad with the bomber and strategic missiles, and we're a significant supplier for submarines as well. For the bomber, the B-21 program continues to advance. As Air Force Secretary, Frank Kendall recently noted, there are now 5 units in various stages of production and the systems are, in his words, making good progress to real fielded capability.  
For strategic missiles, we continue to make solid progress on the EMD portion of the ground-based strategic deterrent program. We completed key milestones earlier this year, and we are tracking toward our first flight as planned. The GBSD program has ramped significantly this year, and we now expect that it will add just over $1 billion in incremental revenue to our 2021 results and another approximately $500 million of incremental revenue in 2022. 
For both B-21 and GBSD, we have applied digital transformation concept as a key enabler to reduce risk, increase productivity, shorten cycle time and improve the system's ability to adapt to changing threats.  
In today's rapidly changing threat environment, our Mission Systems portfolio, including in communications and artificial intelligence, is making a critical contribution in the advancement of technology and capability needed to allow legacy platforms to be more capable and survivable, and therefore, more relevant toward addressing the increasingly sophisticated threats.  
To this end, during the third quarter, our next-generation electronic warfare system, which will equip domestic F-16, had its first test flight on a test bed aircraft at the Northern Lightning exercise. This system, in conjunction with our SABR radar demonstrated full interoperability in a simulated contested electromagnetic spectrum environment. With the radio frequency spectrum becoming increasingly contested, this critical set of electronic warfare capabilities will allow the platform to remain survivable. We anticipate an EMD contract for next-generation electronic warfare in 2022 with an overall lifetime opportunity of up to $3 billion.  
And in Missile Defense, emerging threats from hypersonic missiles are creating new challenges for customers. We are helping to provide differentiated solutions to these challenges by applying our advanced technology and domain expertise. Earlier this year, we were awarded a contract to deliver a prototype satellite as part of MDA's hypersonic and ballistic tracking-based sensor, HBTSS, program. This program is designed to detect and track hypersonic vehicles which have a very different flight profile and signature than ballistic missiles. They required new sensing capabilities in order to detect and track them. In September, we conducted a successful HBTSS critical design review and are progressing towards a 2023 launch.  
In the space domain, Northrop Grumman is working with our customers on advanced capabilities to address a range of new and evolving threats. Many of these programs are classified. And consistent with increased demand in this area, we received $1.2 billion in restricted space awards in the third quarter.  
I've touched on several major contributions that we've made this quarter to National Security, all of which highlight our strong performance, technology leadership and broad portfolio. I also want to share examples of our collaboration with partners to accelerate innovation and create discriminating technologies. 
As I've noted before, we are actively engaging in partnering with early-stage technology and nontraditional defense companies. In the quarter, we closed an investment in Orbit Fab, a space logistics company whose goal is to put gas stations in space. Their vision fits well with our on-orbit satellite refueling and space logistics capabilities.  
We also continue to work with Deepwave Digital, an innovative company we invested in at the end of last year. Deepwave Digital provides a hardware and software solution, enabling very efficient AI-enhanced, software-defined radios for deep learning applications at the edge, which we believe will enhance our efforts in both autonomy and JADC2. These partnerships, as well as other venture investments, support our strategy to create solutions at speed for our customers' toughest national security challenges.  
Now I'll turn the call over to Dave, who will provide more detail on our third quarter results, our updated 2021 guidance and our 2022 outlook. Dave?

Thanks, Dave. In summary, we have delivered excellent year-to-date results and operating performance, and we are pleased to be increasing our full year EPS guidance for the third consecutive quarter. We are actively engaged with our supply chain and our employees as we work to mitigate broader COVID-related risks and continue to keep our programs on track. 
As shown by the many milestones in the quarter, we have highly relevant capabilities and programs that align well to National Security requirements and our customer funding priorities. So as we look forward, 2022 is expected to deliver another year of organic sales growth and excellent performance, paving the way for longer-term margin expansion and free cash flow growth. We remain focused on protecting the safety and well-being of our employees, delivering the capabilities our customers need to protect National Security and sustain our planet and delivering value to our shareholders.  
So with that, Catherine, if you would please open the phone line for questions.

Just quickly, Rob. The only thing I would add is that our AS sector has been, and we expect may continue to be the most impacted by the COVID-related challenges that we spoke about.

Sure, Doug. This is Kathy. I'll take that. So as you noted, there is opportunity, particularly in our Mission Systems sector as we look at the Tech Refresh on the F-35 and the mission systems that we provide to the aircraft. There have been some delays that have been noted this year. They have had some minimal impacts just on the timing of our work and the funding to support our work, but we have not experienced performance issues as a result of those delays. It's just shifted some sales out of this year into next. 
And in terms of our overall outlook for our Mission Systems work, we do see that. And we've been consistent in saying that as upside opportunity, while the production volume is flat and price pressure is driving overall production sales volumes down slightly across the board. The other area you didn't ask about, but sustainment continues to be an opportunity as well, and we see that both -- in all 3 sectors that predominantly led through our Defense Systems business for the aircraft, the airframe and our Mission Systems business with sustainment contracts for the Mission Systems.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Sheila. So to unpack the Space growth, both this year and the trends that we expect to continue into next year, GBSD has contributed roughly 50%, a little bit over 50% to the sales growth in Space in 2021, and we expect that trend to continue into 2022. 
To your point about $500 million of growth next calendar year being less than you might have anticipated, you might be looking at budget data, which showed an incremental $1 billion in each of the 2 years. But I'll remind you that a quarter of that '22 government year is in 2021. So we've seen a more significant ramp over the course of the 12 months in 2021 than we anticipate in our calendar year 2022. So it's not a change in profile. It's nothing different. It's just how that falls into our calendar year. 
With regard to your broader question on how that translates to our outlook for the company overall, I think it is safe at this point based on what we know today to suggest that low single-digit growth in 2022 is a reasonable expectation. At this point in the year, we see some COVID impacts that we've referenced. We saw them in 3Q. We're anticipating those to stay at that same level in Q4. But it is difficult to project what that impact may be in early 2022. But what I will say is we see those more as speed bumps than we do derailers. Our fundamentals are intact. We have strong backlog, strong pipeline and great portfolio alignment to budget priorities. So we still see the path to growth that we've been talking about. We just have some of these COVID, as I call them speed bumps that we're working our way through. Hopefully, that helps.

Well, as I said, we see a path to continuing to grow this business, and it's based not only on the strength of the backlog we have with programs, as you were referencing like B-21 and GBSD, but it's also a pipeline that includes continued new awards. And I highlighted a few of those today of programs that are moving into a phase where they will see production awards in the next couple of years. So we still see a path to growth over the medium term, and it's just a matter of how quickly that growth comes in the next several quarters as a result of some slowdowns that we've seen. 
And I should say, Ron, and I appreciate the opportunity to address that, we've seen fairly minimal supply chain impact because we have a relatively high NG labor content on our jobs versus external supplier content. We've talked a bit about the leave taking that we saw being higher in the third quarter but that too is finite because as people take leave, of course, they're burning down their leave balances. And when I look over a longer-term period, it trends like labor market issues that may drive labor rates up or inflation, we have in the industry one of the highest levels of cost plus work. So those costs get passed on and shared with our customer. Now I do want to emphasize that we in no way want to pass those costs on to our customers so we are working to minimize those impacts for their benefit, but our shareholders are not carrying that exposure. 
So I feel really good about the portfolio that we have and our ability to weather any of these short-term impacts or what we expect to be short-term impacts and still be on a path to growth.

So we are implementing the vaccine requirements across our U.S. workforce as the mandate requires us to do. We are certainly early in our stage of collecting data about our employee status and have a good sense that a vast majority of our employees are vaccinated or in the process of being vaccinated. And with other employees, we are working through their options to meet that requirement by December 8. It's really too early to predict what those impacts might be and so we have a better sense of not just the pure quantum of employees who may not meet their requirements, but where they work and what they do in our company, and therefore, how we would mitigate those impacts. 
But as I mentioned, we are proactively increasing our hiring now in anticipation that we may have some loss of workers, and we are ensuring that we have training and skill-building programs in place. So as we bring those new employees into the workplace, they can get productive and efficient as quickly as possible. So actively working to mitigate impacts, but they're just too difficult to really quantify for you at this time.

For us, it's been relatively minimal. As we have seen our own increases in leave taking, we've seen the same thing in our suppliers. And that was primarily driven by 2 things in the third quarter. We estimate, one, with the Delta variant, we saw increased case counts, and therefore, people out of the workforce while they either recovered from COVID or staying out based on close contact, and we understand that our suppliers saw a similar phenomenon.  
And then the other was that people had not been taking leave at the same rate. But as things started to open up, people actually took some well-needed and deserved vacation. So those are the 2 primary drivers that we saw as our suppliers saw the same, which slows down deliveries a bit. But as I noted, we see those as being temporal, in that leave taking is somewhat limited at this point in time.

Yes.

Cai, it's not just something we would consider, we have been articulating throughout the year that we do see a majority of our free cash flow being returned to shareholders over this period. And it is in part why we increased the dividend again this year. And we have committed to at least $3 billion of share repurchase in 2021. You could expect to see those trends for cash returning to shareholders in the next couple of years as well.

So Seth, we see our book-to-bill being close to 1 again this year, have some significant awards that we anticipate in the fourth quarter. And our backlog has grown over 90% since the end of 2017. So to your point, there -- we don't expect that kind of accelerated growth in our backlog. It currently sits at over 2x sales. So it's quite strong, and we feel supports the continued growth of the business for several years to come.

Sure. What is the specific question on Defense, Seth? I'm sorry.

Yes. So that business also has some key awards in the fourth quarter of this year that were positioned for its growth next year. We also, in Defense, see it's our shortest cycle business, so they do tend to run more of a 1:1 backlog-to-sales ratio. And the only other thing I would point to there is we have been trailing off Lake City, and that, of course, has impacted no new awards and a tough year-over-year compare. But as we look forward, that will stabilize in looking at the backlog-to-sales ratio in that business. Anything you'd add, Dave?

Yes. Well, once again, I want to thank the Northrop Grumman team for delivering another solid quarter. We are actively working to mitigate the COVID-related risks that we talked about today and finish this year strong with robust sales growth and other strong EPS performance and solid free cash flow. And our initial 2022 outlook, as we've said, is expected to continue to deliver growth and strong operating performance again next year. And we look forward to providing you some details around that guidance in our January call. We wish you all well, and thanks again for joining our call today.