Thanks, Paige, and good morning, everyone. After taking steps to position Altria for long-term success at the end of 2018, we entered 2019 with an evolved business platform that includes our strong core tobacco businesses and new strategic investments with tremendous potential for growth. We believe we've made significant progress in the first quarter on key initiatives to realize the potential of this evolved business platform.
This morning, I'll focus my remarks on some of the key drivers of our business performance, progress against priorities for our new investments and our perspective on the current regulatory environment.
Altria's adjusted diluted EPS declined 5.3%, in line with our guidance for a mid-single-digit decline in the first quarter. We incurred a higher interest expense as a result of our recently-issued debt without the full benefit of savings from our cost reduction program, which began to ramp up at the end of the quarter. And in March, we closed our investment in Cronos. Altria now owns a 45% equity interest in the company, and we're excited to support of the talented Cronos team in pursuing its growth strategies.
Let's now move to our core tobacco businesses and start with the dynamics affecting U.S. cigarette category volumes. We estimate that when adjusted for trade inventory movements and 1 fewer shipping day, cigarette industry volumes declined by approximately 5% in the first quarter. We believe first quarter cigarette industry volumes reflect both the secular decline, including adult smoker movement between categories and e-vapor, in particular, and historic price elasticity.
We also believe macroeconomic factors, specifically gas prices, affected cigarette volumes in the quarter. Gas prices increased by nearly 20% from the end of January through March. We believe rapid and significant increases in gas prices can cause adult smokers to reevaluate their short-term purchasing decisions, and we believe this negatively impacted the decline rate in the quarter as we saw monthly sequential acceleration in volumes and volume declines over the 3 months of the quarter.
We continue to closely monitor the category, mindful that trends typically play out over a longer period. However, because gas prices did not become a tailwind as we thought they might earlier this year, we've revised our 2019 cigarette industry volume decline rate estimate to 4% to 5%.
If we decompose the cigarette industry volume performance for the most recent 12 months ending March 31, we estimate that volumes declined approximately 4.5%, reflecting an elevated secular decline rate due to increased movement by adult smokers to e-vapor. We've previously cited a secular decline rate within a 2% to 3% range. This range typically includes 1 percentage point of adult smoker movement to other tobacco products. And in total for this trailing 12-month period, we estimate adult consumer shifts to e-vapor accounted for the historic 1 percentage point component plus an additional 0.4.
We believe macroeconomic factors, specifically gas prices, accounted for about 0.3 percentage point additional headwind on cigarette volumes. We also believe the price elasticity component of the decline rate remains consistent with our long-term estimate of negative 0.3. We continue to believe that cigarette volumes will decline at an average annual rate of 4% to 5% over the next 5 years.
Moving now to our smokeable products segment cigarette volumes. Reported domestic cigarette volumes declined 14.3% in the first quarter, reflecting year-over-year trade inventory dynamics and 1 fewer shipping day. When adjusted for these factors, our cigarette volumes declined by an estimated 7%.
Let me comment in a bit more detail on the first quarter trade inventory movements, which negatively impacted year-over-year reported volume comparisons by approximately 1.7 billion units or almost 6 percentage points.
Over the course of the quarter, wholesalers depleted PM USA inventories by an estimated 400 million units compared to a build of 1.3 billion units in the year-ago quarter. And the trade ended the first quarter with significantly lower cigarette inventories than it did last year. While there can be volatility quarter-to-quarter, industry movements typically smooth out over time.
Despite this volume performance, the smokable segment's adjusted operating company's income was essentially unchanged from the prior year as PM USA continues to execute its strategy of maximizing profitability, while maintaining momentum on Marlboro over time.
PM USA's efforts resulted in smokeable products segment net price realization of more than 8% and adjusted operating company's income margin expansion of more than 3 percentage points. We remain quite pleased with the performance of Marlboro and its continued stabilization since the fourth quarter of 2017 following the disruptive California SET increase earlier that year.
Investments in retail trade programs, product expansions like Marlboro Ice and brand equity like the Marlboro rewards program, continued to show encouraging results with retail share up or down 0.1 sequentially over the past 5 quarters.
While Marlboro retail share has remained stable over the last 5 quarters, L&M has ceded share to deep discount offerings, which negatively impacted PM USA's overall retail share. We continue to believe the growth of deep discount reflects the churn between branded discount and deep discount and not interactions with premium brands. We remain quite pleased with the role L&M has played in PM USA's portfolio over the past 6 years, growing share and increasing profitability without affecting Marlboro.
In smokeless, USSTC is similarly focused on maximizing income while maintaining momentum on Copenhagen over time. USSTC delivered strong adjusted operating company's income growth despite slowing category volumes and 1 less shipping Monday during the quarter. Copenhagen, the fastest-growing brand in 4 of the last 5 quarters, grew its share by 0.7 share points to 35%. Additionally, in early February, USSTC presented a compelling case supporting its MRTP filing for Copenhagen snuff to the FDA's Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee that communicating accurate and scientifically grounded information to adult smokers about the relative risks of smokeless tobacco is important for harm reduction. The committee overwhelmingly agreed that our modified risk claim is fully supported by scientific evidence and voted accordingly. We'll continue to engage with FDA on this application.
We also remain very excited about the opportunity to market PMI's iQOS heat-not-burn product in the U.S. We are fully committed to this platform and have strong commercialization plans to support its launch. We're ready and continue to learn from the momentum of iQOS's success in overseas markets. As you are aware, it's been 2 years since PMI submitted the iQOS PMTA, and recent comments from leadership at the Center for Tobacco Products suggest a decision is forthcoming this year. We believe the science is compelling and supportive of a market authorization, and we're ready and excited to help convert adult smokers to iQOS once that authorization is received.
Turning now to e-vapor. In December, we announced that our investment in JUUL would allow us to participate meaningfully in the e-vapor category and also to support and even accelerate adult smoker transition to noncombustible alternative products.
Over the past few years as products in the market have improved, led by JUUL, we've seen a significant re-acceleration in the number of adult vapors in the category. Annual 12-month moving data shows an increase in the number of adult vapors from 9 million in 2016 to 13 million in February 2019. And when looking at 3-month data ended in February, there were more than 15 million adult vapors compared to the 12 million in the year-earlier period. We believe this data reflects higher product satisfaction and conversion by adult smokers and is supportive of harm-reduction potential of the category.
In the first quarter, we estimate that e-vapor category volume grew by approximately 40% year-over-year across open and closed systems and all trade classes. JUUL reported to us that its shipment volume grew approximately 175% to over $175 million refill kit pods. And we estimate JUUL now represents more than 40% of the overall e-vapor category in the first quarter.
Sequentially, the e-vapor category and JUUL's growth slowed in light of JUUL's unilateral decision to stop shipping nontraditional flavored pods to retail in November. As we've previously noted, we accept any short-term slowdown resulting from actions to address youth e-vapor use in an effort to preserve the long-term e-vapor opportunity for adults.
Internationally, JUUL continues to see promising results and is making progress on its commercial expansion. Though still early days, let's update the 2 examples we first highlighted in our year-end call in January. In Canada, while distribution is limited, JUUL reports that retail takeaway at the end of February grew to more than 80% dollar share in stores selling their products from slightly more than 60% dollar share at the beginning of December. In the Sainsbury chain in the U.K., JUUL tells us that it remains the #1 e-vapor brand in the chain, increasing its dollar share to more than 27% by the end of March from 23% in late January. JUUL now operates in 9 countries outside of the U.S., having most recently launched in Spain with additional country launches expected by the end of 2019. By mid-March, JUUL products were available in over 8,500 stores throughout Switzerland, Germany, France and Italy. JUUL also plans to test next-generation products in limited international markets this year, including a Bluetooth-enabled device. This device will test a variety of features, including access restrictions at the user level.
On the HSR review process for the JUUL transaction, we announced earlier this month that we received a request for additional information from the Federal Trade Commission related to the HSR notification we filed during the first quarter. We are cooperating with the FTC, and we'll work to provide answers to the outstanding questions promptly. We continue to believe that our investment in the services we have agreed to provide JUUL will promote competition and have long-term benefits for adult smokers.
Turning to the FDA. With the arrival of the new interim FDA Commissioner, we are focused on continuing to work productively with the staff at the Center for Tobacco Products. We are committed to a shared belief in a continuum of risk for tobacco products and that adults who need or want nicotine should have access to nicotine through less harmful, noncombustible products. As of February on a 12-month moving basis, 13 million adults have already chosen to use e-vapor products, clearly suggesting that this vision can be realized.
We know, however, that the epidemic of youth e-vapor usage threatens the opportunity for harm reduction for adult smokers. That's why we are fully engaged, along with JUUL, in thoughtful solutions in taking action. We believe the single most impactful step we can take today is to continue our advocacy for raising the minimum legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21 at both the federal and state levels. In just a few short months, we're beginning to see the impact of the full force of our government affairs advocacy. Year-to-date, governors in 6 states have signed legislation to increase the legal age of purchase to 21, bringing the total number of states to 12. Two additional states have already passed legislation that awaits the governor's signature. With these additional bills, approximately 38% of the U.S. population will be covered by a state-wide legal age of purchase at 21. 19 additional states are actively considering similar legislation and bipartisan legislation is being introduced at the federal level. This intensive effort has the endorsement of many in the public health sector and our full support.
We expect the actions taken by Altria and JUUL will take some time to result in a leveling off and ultimately reduction of the current youth usage trends, and we believe these actions are essential and that now is the time.
In addition, during the first quarter, the FDA published draft guidance, proposing a potential revision to its compliance policy for both e-vapor products and cigars. For flavored e-vapor products, other than tobacco, mint and menthol, it would move the deadline for filing premarket applications for these products from August 2022 to August 2021. It would also impose restrictions on sales of such tobacco products at in-person locations and online in order to reduce underage access. And it would take enforcement action against those that target underage users and/or promote underage use of e-vapor and similar tobacco products. We believe the draft guidance for e-vapor products is an important step toward addressing youth e-vapor use.
For cigars, the draft guidance could result in the removal of all flavored cigars from the market 30 days after issuance of final guidance, except for grandfathered products and products that have received authorization from the FDA to remain on the market. This draft guidance raises several concerns in terms of process and the lack of science and evidence supporting the proposed policy. We will detail our concerns in our comments, which will be available on altria.com.
In summary, this is a dynamic time period in a changing tobacco category. Consumer preferences and regulatory actions are driving rapid change. We believe that our diverse income streams with our evolved platform of strong core tobacco businesses and investments in JUUL, Cronos and AB InBev have positioned Altria best among our peers for long-term growth and leadership across a variety of future scenarios.
Our 2019 plans are on track. We reaffirmed our guidance to deliver full year 2019 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.15 to $4.27. This range represents a growth rate of 4% to 7% from a 2018 adjusted diluted EPS base of $3.99.
I'll now turn it over to Billy to provide more detail on our first quarter results.

Before we do that, operator, Paige has just reported out to me that I misspoke on one number that I'll correct now. I think I explained that by mid-March, JUUL products were available in a number of stores in Switzerland, Germany, France and Italy, and that number of stores is 8,500 stores.
So with that, operator, do we have any questions?

Yes. I will comment on the second quarter performance, but it did step up a little bit in March. And ultimately, the total quarterly performance was down 5%. But of course, we've taken all that into account as we've looked at our estimate for the full year, and we continue to believe full year decline is likely to be 4% to 5%.

I don't know that we're at all troubled by the discount performance in the first quarter. As we stated, there's been a trend for quite some time for some modest share churn between branded discount and the deep discount products. We are focused on programs within L&M to moderate that. But I don't feel like we feel like that puts our plans for the year at all at risk. And it is a continuation of a moderate trend. And I pointed out I think in the past that if you go back 5 years on an L&M, it is still modestly ahead in its share and has had significant profit improvement. And so I think we're quite pleased there. And as you point out, our primary focus in the cigarette category is on Marlboro, and I think that we're pleased with the performance of the Marlboro brand. We're pleased with the stability of the premium category. And I think that causes us to not be interested in getting too active in spending a lot of money in discount.

Sure. Yes, I don't think we've gotten any indication that directly as a result of the leadership change that there is going to be significant change in the issues and the view of FDA on those issues. I think that the nicotine issue and the menthol issue, I think from my expectation, are expected to be resolved and with us for quite some time period of years. And so I think we're in early days on that, and I wouldn't expect this change is going to have a big change there. I would be surprised, given where we are in the iQOS application process, which is I think we're near the end, if there were any changes that occurred there. And then I think that this is favorable, in my view. I think there's been pretty clear communication that under the new acting FDA Commissioner, there's going to continue to be a focus on driving down youth use of e-vapor products and I think that's a positive.

Sure. With regard to the services that we provide JUUL, we are in the early stages of that, although we did provide some in the first quarter. I think you'll see that pick up pace more in the second and third quarter of this year. Probably the service that is most highly visible that we offered in the first quarter, we had established innovative tobacco products space in a number of retailers across the country that we were going to use for our MarkTen e-vapor products. Typically, that is space that is visible by the consumer. Oftentimes, it includes the header position. And we transferred that space that we were going to use for MarkTen over to JUUL. And already in March, there were thousands of stores that were converting that space to the JUUL product, and I would expect that will continue into the second quarter. With regard to questions around HSR, I don't know that the -- there's any specific questions that I would call out. I just think that as is typical in these cases, we addressed a number of questions in the first round. They have some follow-up questions and that just means that we end up in a longer period of time for them to make their decision. As I indicated in the remarks, we continue to be confident about its ultimate approval.

Sure. As you know, we recently closed the deal with Cronos. And through our board representation, we are significantly exposed to their ideas and obviously, provide them with ideas on how to further grow their business in the future. And I think you are right to point out the fact that the cannabis space is quite lively these days with a variety of companies that are making strategic moves. And we've obviously been thinking quite proactively on our own and are now thinking with Cronos which strategic moves make sense over the next year. I don't have anything to talk about today, but our intention in making the investment into Cronos and capitalizing them quite competitively versus the other cannabis companies in this space was really designed to enable them to make the kind of moves that are necessary to build out our leadership position. And I imagine over the next year or 2, we'll have more to say about that.

Sure. I think we have not detected any specific impact of JUUL on Marlboro. I would say that JUUL's growth continues to be more broadly from the cigarette category generally, and we haven't seen any specific impact on our brands. And then I would say that with regard to iQOS versus JUUL, I think we ultimately believe that the consumer is going to decide which product most appeals to them. It would not surprise me if some consumers actually engage in trial of both products and then ultimately make a choice between the 2 or whether or not they want to stay within the cigarette category. And I think our real focus in providing assistance to JUUL and also in representing the iQOS brand once it's approved by FDA is to make sure that consumers are aware of the products and the product benefits, that the products are distributed in stores where adult cigarette consumers shop, they're aware of the brand, that it's in stock to make up promotional offers on it. And then I think ultimately, the consumers are going to make their product choice.

Sure. I think to start off, we continue to strongly believe that we can deliver on our EPS guidance this year of 4% to 7% EPS growth. And we continue to be confident about our ability to deliver over the long term, against our 7% to 9% adjusted EPS growth. And I think we communicated on the call here, our expectation for the range of industry cigarette volume declines. I think you're asking a hypothetical question, which is related to, well, if it turns out that there are conditions in the marketplace because our estimate for category declines to be lower than actually occurs, do we feel -- still feel confident in our 7% to 9% EPS growth. And I have to say that while we continue to believe that our estimate is our best view on what the next 5 years will bring, if there is further movement around in the category that drives cigarettes' volume declined higher, I'd still have confidence that we can deliver against our 7% to 9% EPS growth over the long term. 
You are right to point out that in this year, we don't have an income stream of any significance coming from JUUL. But given the growth we expect in the e-vapor category and the growth we expect from JUUL this year, I would expect that by next year and the year after, if, in fact, there is any acceleration in the cigarette category decline rates that we will have an income offset to any impact that would have on us related to income coming from JUUL. That was part of the logic of the investment because while we think we have a pretty good handle on what's going to happen over the next 5 years, if there was any variation in that we felt strongly that we wanted to have a position in the leading, fast growing and in the near future highly profitable e-vapor player in the U.S. 
And I have to tell you, I also believe that we have a very resilient profit generator in the cigarette and smokeless businesses that we have, and we have a number of additional levers to pull to help drive EPS growth. So we continue to be -- frankly, we continue to believe that the year -- the next 5 years is unfolding much the way we expected when we put together our analysis 3 or 4 months ago. And if there were changes in the future, we feel like our platform gives us a number of options to continue to deliver both our 7% to 9% long-term EPS growth and the 80% of that cash back for the shareholders in the form of dividends.

Yes. I think it's hard to predict how long this HSR process might take. And I think that given that it's going to be some time that we'll be interacting with them to answer your questions and given the fact that we're going to be on a 1-quarter lag, I think there's a -- question is whether that would start to flow this year or whether it's likely to flow in early next year. But we'll certainly keep you up-to-date on our discussions with the FTC.

Yes. That was our original assumptions, and we communicated that at the beginning of the year that our guidance for this year really didn't include any material income contribution from either Cronos or JUUL. And that was the assumption in our guidance and, of course, it turns out that -- because of the regulatory action, that's highly likely to be the outcome.

Sure. I think based on our dialogue with our advisers, I think the FTC tends to make a decision based on its own analysis and apply it against the rules that it's focused on discharging. So I don't find that there's a whole lot of influence from one agency to the other. And I think, ultimately, we're going to answer the questions for the FTC, and we expect them to act based on the rules that they normally use. 
With regard to our dialogue with FDA, I would say that most of the dialogue we've had with FDA and most of the interaction with FDA around JUUL, really starting in October, has really been focused on FDA is concerned about youth usage of e-vapor products and their encouragement of us in JUUL to take actions that might help reduce youth usage of e-vapor products. And I have to tell you that we feel like we've taken significant actions and, frankly, that JUUL and I have been on the leading edge of really proactively addressing that issue. In the case of JUUL, they removed their flavored products from mainstream retail outlets, and you saw some impact, I think, of that action in the first quarter because there was a sequential slowdown in growth overall of the category. And I think that, that is going to take, I think, some of the pressure off on youth usage of the products just because the category slowdown is likely to have an impact there. And I think in the short run, it is prudent to take steps even though they may impact adult cigarette smokers if that can really have a positive impact on driving down youth rates.
And then we also talked about, what I think has been quite a gratifying pick-up in the pace, moving the minimum age to purchase to 21. When we first had a dialogue with the FDA in October of last year, we expressed to them that we were committed to raising the minimum age to purchase to 21 at the Federal level. We continue to always believe that Federal activity on something like that makes it easier for retailers to manage that, enforce that. But following further communication from the FDA, we concluded that doing it at both the Federal and State level was going to get quicker action. And that was accurate, we've already had a number of bills passed. And then I'm also pleased to see that not only is it moving in a number of states, but it's now moving at the Federal level. So I have to tell you, I'm quite gratified that we could see significantly more action and significantly more population centers in the U.S. towards raising that age to 21. And we think that's probably the most important thing, combined with effective enforcement to drive down youth usage of e-vapor products and really all tobacco products.

Yes. I might point out that while it's certainly a good first quarter for smokeless, the profit growth is quite similar to the full year performance last year. And so I think that, that's a business that they will be able to generate the kind of profit growth on a pretty regular basis. 
I think with regard to interaction between smokeless and e-vapor, I think the relationship is a little bit complicated and that you will recall 5 or 6 years ago, you had an e-vapor category that was not growing much at all, and you had a smokeless category that was growing in volume terms 5% a year. I think that was really driven by the fact that, at that time, smokeless was the primary place that a lot of cigarette smokers were moving when looking to an alternative to cigarettes. I think the step-down in the growth in the smokeless category is not so much driven by smokeless consumers switching to e-vapor, it's driven by the fact that a lot of the cigarette smokers that were switching to smokeless and driving its growth have stopped switching to smokeless. And they're more attracted to e-vapor. And that is resulted in the last 2 or 3 years of a category that's more flat to slightly down. And at least until we see some change in cigarette smoker interest in e-vapor, I think we think this is probably the range the smokeless category will be in. Although it's -- you're right to point out the fact that even with that kind of volume performance, it has nice profit growth.

Sure. You are right to point that out. While the modern oral category is small in the U.S. today, it has certainly generated a lot of interests and I know there is further product expansion that is planned. While we are the leader in the smokeless tobacco category, we do not currently have a product in the market that participates in that modern oral. But the potential there is not lost on us. And that's an area that we've got some work underway. I don't have anything to share with you today, but I do think if you think over the next 5 or 10 years, that could be an interesting sector.

Sure. I'm not going to comment further on that.

I think we're going to need, let's -- for clarity from FDA on exactly which cigars would be impacted by the action they've proposed in the preliminary rule. And I expect that based on the high volume of comments they're going to get, they'll provide that greater clarity as they think about moving on to the final rule.

Yes. I would not subscribe to the theory that JUUL is a better fit for some markets and that iQOS is a better fit for others. I have to tell you that we believe that both JUUL and iQOS can generate quite nice consumer interest here in the U.S. And I also believe that the iQOS product is quite satisfying on both the nicotine and the taste basis for a large number of consumers that smoke traditional U.S. cigarettes. 
I think that the difference between a consumer picking a JUUL or an iQOS is more likely to be related to other factors that differentiate the products, whether it's the form factor, whether it's the taste. And I think, ultimately, there's room for both products to be quite successful here in the U.S.

Sure. You are right that if you go back over the last 5 years, price realization has typically been between 4% and 6%. And I wouldn't draw any conclusion for the year based on the first quarter but certainly, last year, it was on the higher end and above that range. I think that part of the way I might explain that is, I don't know that we have not -- we don't have a specific target in any given year on price realization, but we are guided by the fact that we're trying to maximize profitability in our cigarette business. And beyond list price in a favorable economic environment with much better tools for tuning the effectiveness of our promotions, I think we are getting better and better every year at how to effectively spend our promotional dollars to effectively get into the consumers that need it. And, frankly, to trim it with consumers that don't. And we're getting more precise at doing that on a per-packing basis at below the State level and, certainly, on a one-to-one basis. So you have not only list prices but you have promotional efficiency. And then, of course, you're also pointing out that with a program like Marlboro Rewards where we're strengthening the equity and, maybe without using price as a tool, increasing consumer loyalty, I think that gives us more flexibility on driving profitability across the brand. So I would say that the tools we have to manage the profitability of that brand have gotten much more sophisticated over the last 3 or 4 years.

Yes. I can certainly do that. What we found was that there was really no disruption in product availability for consumers. And I think it's really driven by the fact that most tobacco consumers already have a number of places that they shop where they can purchase their tobacco products, and if they have a primary place that ultimately stops providing those tobacco products, they very easily shift to either another store they're already going to or to a store down the street or around the corner. And what we found in the last phase was that, and I know it's the same in this period, it is not like the availability of tobacco products is such that if you have a chain that pulls out, somebody's got to drive a great distance.  The availability is quite significant and people just adjust. I will say the benefit is that you may be aware that convenience stores have been growing their share of tobacco sales quite nicely up until a couple of years ago when some of that growth in the convenience store trade slowed down a bit, I think partially through the advent of dollar stores. And frankly, as some trade classes and some retailers have pulled out, it's actually brought a bit of a return to growing share to the retailers that are committed to the category. And I know that it's a benefit for them.

Sure. Based on the data we have available to us today, we're comfortable with our 4% to 5% forecast for this year and over the next 5 years. But you are right to point out that there are a number of other variables that are influencing the decline rate in the cigarette category today, compared to 3 or 4 years ago. And frankly, that is why we took the step at the end of last year in providing you with both guidance and more detail on how we get to that guidance for the decline rate because it is a -- I believe, it's going to be a noisier environment for measuring that. And I think our commitment to our investors is that as we get new information, we will apply that to our forecast methodology and to the approaches that we've used to forecast, and if there's any adjustments, we will make them. 
I will raise one that I don't think causes us to need to make an adjustment over the long-term decline rate forecast we made of 4% to 5%, but that if we get more experience with it and if we continue to make progress, it could be something we'll be discussing, probably next year, which is the impact of the increased age to purchase to 21. And as I, hopefully, will we end up with the federal statute that essentially raises it nationwide, there is 2% of cigarette volume today that is in that legal age to 20 segment. I don't think there's evidence, yet, that we're going to get to a uniform national standard that ought to be factored in. But if we make progress on that, I do imagine we'll be talking about what impact that might have. And we don't have a lot of experience with that. I don't think that it's going to suddenly just happen in one quarter, but it could be an influence over 2 years or 3 years. And I think as we learn about that, we would obviously make any adjustments. I have to tell you that 4% to 5% decline over a period of 5 years gives us a lot of opportunity to absorb that. But it is clearly a time when there are more variables that we're moving around a bit more.

Yes. I don't think that the results we got in the first quarter were much of a surprise to us. I think that the withdrawal of flavors, I think we knew was going to have an impact. And frankly, I think that we do think that it's likely to have some help on driving down youth vaping so I think we thought that impact was worth it. Frankly, I wasn't surprised by the results and I was quite -- I think I was quite pleased by the fact that the -- JUUL in the first quarter, even though, the category growth slowed down, that it helped share. And I think it's performing quite nicely.

Yes. I think you're referring to our chart, right?

That's right.

Yes. We -- So I think the way I would phrase it is that JUUL, like the other operating companies at Altria, can access -- or can provide offers to customers that are on the adult tobacco consumer database. The actual planning of those offers and the sequencing of them across our companies including JUUL, and the execution of them, comes through Altria personnel that are in our marketing services organization. But you are right that, that marketing services organization has added JUUL to the roster  of companies that can procure those services from them, and it is both direct-mail communication and it's also onserts. You are also right that there's been relatively light activity in the first quarter, and I would expect to see more activity in quarters 2, 3 and 4, and that will be both direct-mail drops and inserts in the product. And of course, we always manage -- particularly, with regard to the database, we always manage the sequencing and the amount of mail that we send to consumers on the database. So JUUL will be sequenced in with offers from our other tobacco brands.

Yes. I would say, through our Board observer, our Board observer has access to the communications that they share with the Board members. And then at quarter end, our Investor Relations group as a relationship with JUUL where they discuss JUUL's performance for the quarter, and they discuss what information we will share. So we do not have a, kind of, a real-time sharing relationship. That is driven by the fact that we haven't got an HSR approval and it probably wouldn't be appropriate.

Yes. I don't know that I would comment on that. You'll have to look back to the forecast.