Thanks, Paige, and good morning, everyone. This morning, I'll focus on addressing key questions we've been getting, including our outlook for cigarette volumes, our strategic investments in JUUL and Cronos and the current regulatory environment. I'll also review our guidance for 2019. Billy will then briefly highlight our 2018 performance. We've included some slides to accompany some of my remarks.
Altria closed out 2018 with excellent full year adjusted diluted EPS growth of 17.7%. And we continue to reward shareholders by returning $5.4 billion in cash through dividends. PM USA stabilized Marlboro and strengthened our combustible business. We also took proactive steps that we believe uniquely position us for long-term success. Altria enters 2019 with an evolved business platform that includes our strong core tobacco businesses and new strategic investments with tremendous potential for growth.
First, our operating companies continue to give us the industry-leading portfolio in the U.S. through Marlboro, Black & Mild, Copenhagen and hopefully soon, iQOS. But now beyond these brands, our investments in JUUL as well as Cronos, once closed, give us exposure to new growth opportunities, while also further diversifying our future income streams.
The decision to pursue these investments stems from a desire to enhance Altria's long-term earnings and dividend growth, while also making progress on our harm-reduction aspiration to help adult consumers switch from combustible cigarettes to noncombustible alternatives. We believe that JUUL and Cronos present unique opportunities to meaningfully participate in fast-growing adjacent categories.
Before offering additional detail on the investments themselves, let's discuss the dynamics affecting U.S. cigarette category volumes and our outlook. The U.S. cigarette category is large and resilient and has absorbed many shocks over time. And despite significant e-vapor acceleration in 2018, the U.S. cigarette category volume decline rate accelerated only modestly from the recent long-term decline rate of 3% to 4%. Let's look at the last 2 years for some context. In 2017, we estimated that U.S. cigarette industry volume declined by 4%, which reflects the impact of a disruptive $2 per pack California state excise tax increase in the second quarter and initial signs of the e-vapor category returning to growth during the second half of the year. In 2018, record growth in e-vapor of approximately 35% and higher gas prices accelerated U.S. cigarette industry volume declines outside the 3% to 4% range to a decline of 4.5%.
Given the significant interest in cigarette category fundamentals, let me provide perspective on the specific drivers of the decline rate and our outlook for 2019. We previously cited a secular decline rate within a 2% to 3% range. This rate includes smokers who reduce their consumption, those who stop using tobacco products and smokers moving to other tobacco categories.
In 2018, we estimate that the secular decline rate was elevated due to increased movement by adult smokers across categories, which historically accounted for about 1 percentage point of the 2% to 3% secular rate. This acceleration is largely attributable to e-vapor category growth, especially in light of the decline in the smokeless category in 2018. In total in 2018, we believe e-vapor represented the vast majority of the 1 percentage point component plus an additional 3/10. Of course, other factors also affect the decline rate. In 2018, we believe macroeconomic factors, specifically gas prices, accounted for about 0.5 percentage point additional headwind on cigarette volumes. We believe the price elasticity component of the decline rate remains consistent with our long-term estimate of negative 0.3.
Looking forward, we'll continue to closely monitor the various factors at play. We watch, for example, excise taxes at both the federal and state level, gas prices, economic conditions affecting the adult tobacco consumer, like housing starts, unemployment rates and consumer confidence, and the regulatory environment. We also know that over half of adult smokers are looking for alternatives. With the recent e-vapor growth, almost entirely driven by JUUL in 2018, and more alternative tobacco products available in the marketplace, we expect the 2019 U.S. cigarette industry volume decline rate to be in a range of 3.5% to 5%. This range is wider range, covers a potential for higher levels of adult smoker trial of and conversion to noncombustible products similar to 2018. For 2019 through 2023, our estimate for average annual U.S. cigarette industry volume declines is 4% to 5%.
Let's now move to our recently announced strategic investments, starting with JUUL. Through JUUL, we have found a unique opportunity to not only participate meaningfully in the e-vapor category but to also support and even accelerate transition to noncombustible alternative products by adult smokers. The JUUL investment provides Altria with a significant stake in the largest and fastest-growing e-vapor company with a highly talented management team, successful end-market products, a strong innovation pipeline and significant international opportunity. When you add to JUUL's already substantial capabilities, our underage tobacco prevention expertise and ability to directly connect with adult smokers, we see a compelling future with long-term benefits for both adult tobacco consumers and our shareholders.
We are excited about JUUL's domestic growth and international prospects and their potential impact on our investment. JUUL's 2018 growth was quite remarkable. JUUL had net revenues in excess of $1 billion in 2018, up from approximately $200 million in 2017. JUUL overwhelmingly reaccelerated the U.S. e-vapor category growth rate, growing JUUL's volume by nearly 600% to over 450 million refill kit pods. We estimate JUUL represents over 30% of the overall e-vapor category across open and close systems and all trade classes. After e-vapor growth plateaued from 2015 to 2017, rapid growth was reignited in 2018, and we expect U.S. e-vapor volume to grow at a compounded annual rate of 15% to 20% through 2023.
As a reminder, Altria's share of JUUL's international e-vapor income would be 100% incremental to Altria. We believe the global e-vapor and heat-not-burn segments, with estimated sales of roughly $23 billion in 2018, have substantial room to grow. JUUL currently operates in 8 countries with plans for additional expansion this year. We expect the JUUL product features that have driven JUUL's success in switching adult smokers in the U.S. to strongly appeal to international adult cigarette smokers. And JUUL has designed 
[ Audio Gap ] 
in international markets to meet applicable regulatory requirements and also had significant new innovations in its pipeline.
Though still early days, some information from recent launch markets shows rapid growth and helps affirm our assumptions that JUUL's product development and commercialization capabilities can solve for different regulatory restrictions and adult consumer preferences.
Let's look at 2 examples. First, in Canada, while distribution is limited, JUUL reports that retail takeaway grew to more than 60% dollar share in stores selling their products after only 3 months in retail. JUUL is also seeing encouraging performance where they have achieved distribution in Europe. For example, in the Sainsbury chain in the U.K., JUUL tells us that it recently became the #1 e-vapor brand in the chain, with the dollar share in excess of 23% in less than 12 weeks after launch. And just to remind you, the U.K. operates under the Tobacco Products Directive adopted by many EU countries, which limits the nicotine concentration level. Ultimately, we expect the international revenue and income opportunity to end up being as large as or larger than the U.S. opportunity.
Our 35% investment was based on a deep strategic, operational and financial analysis of JUUL and the marketplace. Clearly, we look at this opportunity over the long term, but for context, let us provide a view 5 years out. Some of our independently developed key assumptions over the next 5 years that informed that analysis include: a U.S. e-vapor category that grows volume between 15% to 20% annually; JUUL continuing to be the primary growth driver for the e-vapor category; attractive JUUL operating margins that achieve current cigarette-like margins due to the benefits of increasing scale and automation in the supply chain; international revenues that equal domestic revenues by 2023; and international margins that approach current international cigarette margins.
Under our assumptions, our investment in JUUL would generate an after-tax return exceeding our weighted average cost of capital in 2023. Additionally, with 5-year e-vapor category volume growth in the range of 15% to 20% annually, we would expect the U.S. cigarette category volume decline rate to be consistent with the decline rate estimate of 4% to 5%. I'll remind you that in 2018 with e-vapor category volume growth of 35%, the cigarette category decline rate was 4.5%, including 0.5 of a percent headwind from gas prices.
Combined with the earnings and cash generation engine of our core tobacco business, we believe this investment in JUUL will support consistent returns over the long term by providing Altria with a significant stake in the fastest-growing -- in the fast-growing e-vapor category.
Briefly touching on the regulatory environment. The FDA and many others are concerned about an epidemic of youth e-vapor usage. We share those concerns. This is an issue that we and others in the industry must continue to address aggressively and promptly. We understand that the long-term opportunity of tobacco harm reduction is threatened by continued underage use. JUUL has already taken significant action to address these concerns. Today, it remains the only e-vapor company to have stopped shipping flavored products other than tobacco, menthol and mint to retail. These shipments stopped on November 13. JUUL has taken additional steps to enhance its online age verification processes for sales on its website to adult tobacco consumers 21 years of age or older as well as developing a restricted distribution system for retailers. JUUL has also halted all promotional use of U.S. social media platforms and will continue to monitor and remove inappropriate material from third-party accounts. And JUUL is developing new technologies to further restrict youth access.
We know more can and must be done. That's why we are engaged in unprecedented efforts at the federal and state level to raise the minimum legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21. We believe it is the single most important step we can take today, and we'll be stepping up our efforts in the coming months. Already this year, we are supporting legislation raising the legal age in both Washington state and Virginia, and we continue to engage nationwide in this effort.
We recognize that some of these actions may impact the short-term growth of the e-vapor category. We also know that preserving the long-term opportunity of harm reduction for adults is critical. We remain committed to being part of the solution to this issue. 
Harm reduction remains central to our view of the future for the tobacco industry. In addition to the significant opportunity presented by e-vapor, we remain very excited about the prospects for heat-not-burn in the U.S. It is now approaching 2 years since PMI submitted the iQOS PMTA, and we are fully prepared to commercialize iQOS in the U.S. We remain fully committed to the success of iQOS in the U.S. and are excited to deploy our robust commercialization plans. PM USA is establishing brick-and-mortar stores, including locations in multiple cities within the first year of launch. They've already hired personnel to support prelaunch activities and are collaborating with key partners to best position iQOS at retail.
Let's now turn to Cronos. While the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and expected to close in the first half of 2019, Altria's agreement to acquire a 45% stake in Cronos with a warrant to achieve majority ownership will create a new growth opportunity in an adjacent category poised for rapid growth. It complements our strong core tobacco businesses and expands our income opportunity beyond the U.S.
After years of evaluating adjacent opportunities, the cannabis category is quite attractive and delivers on some key considerations, including accretion to our long-term financial performance and synergy with Altria's capabilities, allowing our combined resources to accelerate Cronos' growth.
While a range of estimates exist, a recent third-party report projects the 10-year global cannabis revenue opportunity to be in a range of $40 billion under a similar legal landscape to today to more than $250 billion assuming a fully legal market worldwide. We believe the growth opportunities are significant and will extend across the globe as cannabis markets open.
Selecting the right partner in this category was critical, and we've done just that. Cronos' strong management team has built unique capabilities to compete globally across the medicinal, recreational and nutraceutical categories. Our investment will allow Cronos to more quickly expand its global footprint and production capacity. We also expect it to accelerate the execution of its strategic initiatives, including investments in cannabinoid innovation and developing differentiated products and brands across medicinal and recreational categories. We look forward to helping Cronos realize its significant growth potential.
In summary, 2018 was a transformative year for Altria. We are pleased with the performance of our core tobacco businesses, as PM USA stabilized Marlboro through its equity investments. We made strategic investments in rapidly growing category that we believe strengthen our long-term financial profile, enhance our growth prospects and better position the company to deliver long-term value to shareholders through earnings growth and dividends. And of course, we had significant earnings growth and increased our dividend twice. We look forward to sharing more with you at CAGNY in a few weeks.
Turning to 2019 guidance, we expect to deliver full year 2019 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.15 to $4.27. This range represents a growth rate of 4% to 7% from a 2018 adjusted diluted EPS base of $3.99. Our guidance reflects our expectation for a higher full year adjusted effective tax rate, primarily resulting from lower dividends from AB InBev. It also includes increased interest expense from the debt incurred related to the Cronos and JUUL transactions, although we expect that expense to be mostly offset by savings from our previously announced cost reduction program. Our plans also take into account increased investments related to PM USA's lead market plans for iQOS, once authorized by the FDA. And lastly, our guidance assumes little to no earnings or cash contributions from the Cronos and JUUL investments.
In the first quarter, we'll have the increased interest expense without the full benefits of our cost reduction program and 1 fewer shipping day in the smokeable segment. Therefore, we expect the growth to come in the last 3 quarters of the year. 
We have a proven track record of delivering against our objectives, and we maintain our long-term financial goals to grow adjusted diluted EPS at an average annual rate of 7% to 9% and to maintain a dividend payout ratio target of approximately 80% of adjusted diluted EPS.
I'll now turn it over to Billy to provide more detail on our 2018 results.

Yes, Steve, I think, if I understand your question correctly, if you look at, as we progressed through the year, we did have 2 SET increases. One was in Oklahoma and the other was in Kentucky. And so that had an effect because that was represented about 5% of cigarette industry volume. So as you progress through the year, of course, you have the initial drop for the price shock and then it returns to elasticity as you move through time. I would say as we move to this year, right now gas prices are a tailwind to the overall adult cigarette consumer as we experience gas prices drop. Last year, they were up 13% year-over-year, and we've seen them drop as we progress into the first part of this year, so we should see that impact through time.

That and the overall macroeconomic tailwinds that the consumer is experiencing.

Well, you're going to make us work hard this morning, aren't you? I'll take a crack at them, and if I miss something, I'm sure Billy will jump in. So with regard to the disclosure, as you pointed out, given the time since the closing, we put together significantly more information and shared it today. And obviously, as we get further questions, we'll look at -- we'll look for opportunities to share more relevant information with investors. And the other thing I would reference is that we expect at some point in the future, probably later this year, we will be accounting for the JUUL investment following antitrust approval using the equity income approach. And when we do that, there will be more disclosure in our SEC documents. So that's, I think, something to look forward to, and we do expect antitrust approval during this year. The second thing is, with regard to our statement about 2019 income, I think that what that really reflects is that with regard to JUUL, we're kind of waiting before it gets reflected in our income based on the equity income method. So we thought on the side of conservatism that it made sense to not guess as to the timing of antitrust approval. And then the second thing I would say is on Cronos, obviously, they are a publicly traded company, and so you have access to what their current income is and their income today is modest. The investment is really designed to rapidly accelerate their growth rate. And so we don't expect it to be a material contribution in 2019. With regard to the guidance range of 4% to 7%, that is designed, as it's always been in the past, to be a wide enough range to take into account the variety of changes that could occur. And that could reflect changes in our core business with regard to JUUL or with regard to Cronos. So it's designed to reflect our best all-in estimate of what could happen during the year. 
Then you asked a question about the 5-year breakeven. And I think the way we calculated that, it was really taking the equity income we expect in 5 years, tax affecting it and then dividing it by the overall investment in JUUL. So it is an equity income return, not a cash return, although, obviously, by that point, given the significant level of income, we would expect to have some dividends as well.

Yes, that's absolutely right. And I think we agree with the other JUUL investors that its growth prospects are so strong that now is the time to invest in -- and ultimately driving top line growth.

Sure. I think with regard to the midterm forecast, one of the reasons why we selected a 5-year period to estimate the growth rate of the e-vapor category and JUUL is a significant driver of that growth is, I think, there is a bit of uncertainty as to whether or not there'll be a slowdown in growth in the next year or 2 as the industry works together with the FDA to drive down youth usage. And so I think that is to be determined. But I think even taking into account the fact that there could be some impact in the short run, I think we're confident in the long-term growth rate that we forecasted. It may just be that there's slower growth early on and more rapid growth later on. I think with regard to the significant action JUUL took in removing their flavors from retail, I do expect that, that is going to have some impact on their overall growth rate this year, but I think we also believe that adults will continue to buy the other flavored products at mainstream retail stores. And of course, with heightened age verification, those other flavors are available to adults on the JUUL website. So we still think they have pretty good growth prospects for this year even with those actions. I think we're pretty comfortable with our forecast of 15% to 20% compound annual growth rate over 5 years. And certainly with that level of growth, we believe the investment in JUUL is additive in a significant way to our income growth. If your question is, if it grows faster, is it still additive to our income growth? And I think that it could certainly grow faster than 20% and still be additive based on our estimates. I suppose there is some dramatically higher growth rate that, that may not be the case, but we're pretty comfortable that under a whole range of scenarios that financially this is a good thing for our income growth.

Sure. I think that when you look at various international markets, there are different regulatory requirements that have to be navigated. And frankly, there are different consumer expectations, given differences between the cigarettes in those markets that are purchased by adult vapor consumers over there compared to the U.S. So both of those things need to be navigated successfully in order to have a similar level of success internationally to what JUUL has had in the U.S. We are highly confident that JUUL has the technical capability, the current products and the products in the pipeline to navigate those differences and have strong success overseas. So I think frankly that there certainly is some work to be done there, but I think that they are already well on their way to having done that, and I think that we're encouraged by the products they have in their pipeline.

Vivien, I'd refer you to the last couple of years. What has really happened is, you've had, particularly over the last year, a pretty nice performance by the premium brands, including Marlboro, but you had -- and you had a flat overall discount category from a market share perspective, but there's been significant movement from branded discount products to deep discount products. And of course, there's certainly market action that could be taken to try and address that, but given the nice margins that we have on L&M, I think that we're comfortable with the current trends in the marketplace.

Yes, I think you have to consider, take 2018 as a guide, you had very substantial growth in e-vapor volume. And it was both people converting completely from cigarettes to e-vapor as well as a substantial amount of dual use as people tried e-vapor, in many cases JUUL, and are deciding whether to continue to dual use or convert completely. So I think that 2018 was a pretty active year for e-vapor category growth. And of course, as we know, the decline rate in cigarette category was only 4.5% and that was elevated 0.5 percentage point for -- by increase in gas prices. So I think it shows you that the cigarette category decline rate is pretty persistent and it can withstand a fair amount of growth from e-vapor. So we continue to be very comfortable with our forecasted decline rate of the cigarette category over the next 5 years of 4% to 5%.

Chris, I'd also say on smokeless you've got 2 things going on, which is I do think you have some consumers that were smokeless users that are moving into e-vapor. Probably the bigger impact on the smokeless growth rate is that in the past, a lot of cigarette smokers were using smokeless as an alternative product, and I think a fair number of them have now said, "Boy, with the presence of JUUL in the marketplace, I've got a closer experience to my cigarette than smokeless that's attractive to me." So I think that has also contributed to the decline in the growth rate of smokeless.

Yes. I think we're comfortable with that growth rate over a variety of excise tax assumptions. But I would tell you that I believe that it's a reasonable assumption to believe that you'll get some incremental excise taxes on e-vapor. But then it will not be a significant acceleration of what's happened over the last few years. And I think that the argument that's been made at the state level about the fact that given the potential for harm reduction that's offered by e-vapor, that, that is not a place where significant excise tax increases should be put in place. I think that's been fairly persuasive and I would expect it to continue to be. I think you had a second question. Remind me of it.

Yes, I think our assumption is that the JUUL is going to grow faster in the category. I mean, if you look at 2018, JUUL growth represented more than the growth in the category, and I think that it's probably likely that it may moderate from being the whole growth of the category going forward, but we would expect it to be growing at a much more rapid rate than the other brands in the category.

We are optimistic and hopeful that iQOS is going to get approved fairly soon, and so we've got a full rollout of iQOS included in our guidance.

You were listening carefully. Yes, I think -- I don't know that it's a change in our plans, but our belief is that iQOS is going to be quite a success, and that after the lead market we'll be moving quickly to other markets. And what we have learned as we've been focused on as to gaining access to and establishing retail locations is that it's not something you can do overnight. And so we've made the decision that it's worth the incremental investment in order to line up those locations in multiple markets in advance. And obviously, as time for the approval of iQOS drags on, it does cause us to incur a little bit of incremental expense. But we think the upside from commercializing iQOS is big enough that we want to be fully ready the minute we get FDA approval.

I don't know that I have a good answer to that. I could speculate, but I will not.

Yes. I mean, Judy, I think the way I would frame that is, I acknowledge that there've been a number of products, particularly in the e-vapor category, that have had some success and then that success has fizzled and so certainly that is something you have to be sensitive to. But I have to point out that JUUL's growth and success in the U.S. market last year was unique and first of its kind compared to other tobacco product successes both in the U.S. and overseas. I mean, the growth rate was dramatic, it represented the entire growth of e-vapor for the year, and it dramatically reaccelerated the growth of e-vapor. So I think the reason that we have confidence that it's going to have more success in overseas markets over the next 5 years than some of the other products that have been introduced over there is because it's had such dramatic success in the U.S. last year.

So I'll answer the first part of your question, and then I'll turn it over to Billy. The short answer on December versus today is nothing changed. We viewed 4% to 7% guidance as slightly below the 7% to 9% long-term trend. And you are right that it is a 3 percentage point wide range, but I think that we think it's prudent, given some of the increased volatility we've seen in our income in large part driven by volatility in the Anheuser-Busch InBev income stream, that in order to give the investment community the right confidence in our guidance that a bit of a wider range is prudent and appropriate.

Sure. I think with regard to Marlboro, you're right, we did stabilize it this year, and we think it's got very strong momentum and that, that will continue into this year. But I also think you have to consider the fact that our objective in the smokeable segment is to maximize income. And so I think you will see us balancing our desire to maximize income against the momentum of Marlboro, and we did that this year and I think we'll continue to do it. So I think with regard to your question about putting JUUL inserts on our cigarette packs, I would first of all say that I think the vast majority of the support that we will provide to JUUL is really going to be brand agnostic or company agnostic with regard to how it helps JUUL source volume. So if you think about them putting JUUL into much better display space at retail and having higher visibility, or you think about them potentially gaining access to some of our other services, I think, most of those services are not going to have a greater impact on our brands than they would on our competitors' brands. I think you could -- particularly with the onserts, obviously, we can only put onserts on our packs; they don't go on competitors' packs. And so theoretically, I guess, it could result in a bit more volume coming out of Marlboro. But I think that, that is unlikely to be the case. And I say that for really 2 reasons. I think there's already very high awareness amongst all cigarette -- adult cigarette smokers and, frankly, all Marlboro smokers about the availability of JUUL. So I think that a lot of that awareness has already been established. I wouldn't expect a big incremental uptick from those onserts. And then secondly, I would point out that I think JUUL tends to get more of its growth from the 21- to 29-year-old cigarette smoker than it does from the 30-plus cigarette smoker. And if you think about it, I think, as we've communicated in the past, Marlboro's share of those 21- to 29-year-old smokers is about equal to its overall share. But there are several other cigarette brands that are overdeveloped amongst 21- to 29-year-olds, such as Newport, Camel or Natural American Spirit that, frankly, might actually give up more volume on a relative basis than Marlboro.

Sure. I don't think we've been surprised at FDA's concern about youth usage of e-vapor products. I think, as you know, both JUUL and Altria, we were in talking to them in November. They had a high level of concern then. We shared that concern, and we've been interacting back and forth with the agency on the actions we're taking to try and reduce the levels of youth usage of e-vapor products. And frankly, I think their concern and their focus on the industry taking significant steps to drive down youth usage is appropriate and justified. And I think that we agree with JUUL that we need to take significant action. I think JUUL has already taken significant action, but we also agree that more must be done. And so I think that our view is that it's important to drive down youth usage in order to preserve this opportunity for adult cigarette smokers to be able to switch to a very compelling noncombustible product, and I think we will ultimately achieve both. I think we'll drive down youth usage and still make this available to adult cigarette smokers as an alternative. And I just think we have some work to do and we're fully prepared to engage on that.

Okay. I'm not sure I'm tracking with -- exactly with your math, but let me try and answer the question in a more general way, which is you're right about the impact that we think it's having on the cigarette category. But beyond the impact that it's having on the cigarette category, we think it's also sourcing, as we said earlier, from the smokeless category, probably from the cigar category as well. And we also think that with all the trial that's going on, part of their volume is coming from increased youth educations by a variety of adult tobacco consumers and that may settle out over time. I think that given the increased availability of the product, I think you'll have a lot of people that are trying it, while still using their existing tobacco product, and I think over time they're going to make a decision and they'll either switch completely to JUUL. But I think you have some of that in the 2018 numbers as well.

Yes, I mean, you are right that essentially we are cross promoting, which is a fairly common thing, and I think you may be thinking about the fact that we have a 35% economic interest in JUUL and we have a 100% economic interest in our cigarette business. And so that may be what's causing you to be surprised we would be willing to do this. I think I would frame it with a couple of thoughts. First of all, we think that even with the impact that JUUL could have on the overall volume growth and potential profit growth from our cigarette business going forward, even if it does impact it, we think when you take the sum of our cigarette profitability growth and you combine it with the economic contribution from JUUL over the next 5 years, we think that's a net positive to us. And it's a net positive even if there's a bit more growth in JUUL coming from our brands than from the competitors. So that's the first reason. The second reason is, if you look at it, we were -- frankly, I've been with the company 26 years. Almost my entire career, we have believed that our business would be better in the long term if we could offer harm reduced products that would represent attractive alternatives to our adult cigarette smokers to switch. And we have invested billions of dollars in it and lots of effort. And ultimately until December this year, we really didn't have the product portfolio to fully achieve our harm reduction aspiration. And the opportunity to invest in JUUL, I think, really makes that harm reduction aspiration a reality. And if you look at it, we've got iQOS in the heat-not-burn category, the #1 product in brand in that category; we've got Copenhagen and Skoal in the oral tobacco products category; and we had a hole in the e-vapor category and we've now filled that with our 35% economic interest in JUUL. So I think that we are finally going to be able to achieve our harm reduction aspiration. And I think we can do that over the next 10 years and still deliver our long-term 7% to 9% EPS growth algorithm and give 80% of that adjusted EPS back to shareholders in the form of dividends. And I think our ability to achieve both harm reduction and secure our long-term financial performance was enhanced by the investment in JUUL.

We've done a variety of work to understand the interaction between cigarette smokers and JUUL. I don't know that we've done anything specifically to what you're referencing, but we think we have a pretty firm understanding of what the interaction between the 2 categories is.

Sure. I think with regard to wine, I don't know that there's a real change there. I think that we have long said that we very much like the wine business, and we are committed to returning it to strong income growth. But we've also said that it's not core like the rest of our tobacco businesses are. And that's been the case for quite some time, and there hasn't been a change there. So we remain committed to running that business well. It has had a bit of a downturn over the last 2 years, but we're confident that the employees their have strategies in place to turn that around. With regard to Cronos, I think that you shouldn't assume that our existing product portfolio at Cronos is where we're going to stop. I think that both we and Cronos think there are opportunities really across the world in a variety of product categories, both recreational and medicinal, that would involve them entering new product forms and developing new products and new product brands. I think it's early days there, and we have really not restricted our thinking with regard to that. I think I'll hand over to Billy, the question on cigarette pricing.