Thanks, Mac. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We're off to a strong start to the year and believe our businesses are on track to deliver against their full year plans. Against a challenging comparison, our tobacco businesses performed well in the first quarter, and we continue to make progress advancing our noncombustible product portfolio. 
This morning, we announced another important milestone in the Altria's journey to move beyond smoking. We now have full global ownership of on! oral nicotine pouches as we recently closed transactions to acquire the remaining 20% global interest. We are excited about the opportunity we have with on! to convert smokers, and we have talented teams supporting the global plans for the brand. 
Before discussing our first quarter results in more detail, we would like to honor the memory of Tom Farrell, our late Chairman of the Board. Tom served 13 distinguished years on our Board, offered valuable insights and guidance during his tenure and was a true visionary. We will miss his leadership, contributions and friendship. The Board will appoint a new Chair at its meeting following our Annual Shareholders Meeting in May. 
Let's now turn to our first quarter results. Our first quarter adjusted diluted EPS declined 1.8%, primarily driven by unfavorable timing of interest expense, and a higher adjusted income tax rate. In the Smokeable Product's segment, we continue to execute our strategy of maximizing profitability in combustibles, while appropriately balancing investments in Marlboro, with funding the growth of noncombustible products. Segment adjusted OCI margins expanded, and Marlboro continued its retail share momentum from the back half of 2020. 
For volumes, reported Smokeable segment domestic cigarette volume declined 12% in the first quarter, reflecting year-over-year trade inventory movements, one fewer shipping day and other factors. When adjusted for these factors, cigarette volume declined by an estimated 3.5%. We believe that in the first quarter of 2020, wholesalers built inventories by approximately 900 million units, driven in part by COVID-19 dynamics, compared with a depletion of approximately 300 million units in the first quarter of 2021. At the industry level, we estimate that first quarter adjusted domestic cigarette volume declined 2%. 
Looking at smoker retail dynamics, we estimated that total cigarette trips in the first quarter remained below pre-pandemic levels. Also, estimated expenditures per trip remained elevated when compared to pre-pandemic levels and were steady sequentially. We are continuing to monitor the impacts from external factors on tobacco consumer purchasing patterns and behavior. In March, the federal government passed a third stimulus package. An increasing number of people became vaccinated and consumability improved sharply. We're keeping a close eye on the tobacco consumer, and we will continue to provide our insights on the underlying factors as the year progresses. 
Moving to our noncombustible products. We are pleased to now have full ownership of on! oral nicotine pouches globally. We completed transactions in December and April to acquire the remaining 20% of the global on! business for approximately $250 million. When we made the initial 80% acquisition in 2019, the oral nicotine pouch category in the U.S. was rapidly growing off of a small base. Subsequently, oral nicotine pouch growth has exceeded our original estimates. 
In the first quarter of 2021, we estimate that retail share for all nicotine pouches was approximately 13% of the total oral tobacco category, double its share in the year ago period. We expect continued growth from the oral nicotine pouch products and estimate that category volume in the U.S. will grow at a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 25% over the next 5 years. 
Since 2019, Helix, supported by the enterprise, significantly increased on! manufacturing capacity, broadened retail distribution, grew tobacco consumer awareness and followed PMTAs for the entire product portfolio. Helix achieved an annualized manufacturing capacity of 50 million cans by the end of last year, and as of the end of the first quarter, on! was sold in approximately 93,000 stores. 
In the U.S. market, on!'s momentum continued. In the first quarter, on!'s share of the total oral tobacco category grew significantly to 1.7%. On a 12-month moving basis, in-store selling and providing point-of-sale data, on!'s retail share was 3.1%, an increase of $0.07 from the 2020 full year share. Going forward, we intend to report on!'s share of the total U.S. oral tobacco category as Helix expects to be in stores covering 90% of the industry's oral tobacco volume by midyear. 
Our primary focus continues to be on increasing on!'s growth in the U.S. Internationally, we see potential to strengthen on! in the Swedish market. We also see longer-term prospects in Europe to expand on! and gain consumer feedback on potential noncombustible products for the U.S. To explore these additional opportunities, we have expanded the international on! team. We believe on! presents a compelling noncombustible alternative for smokers and we look forward to supporting their conversion journey. 
Moving to e-vapor. We estimate that total category volume increased 24% versus the year ago period. As a reminder, in Q1 2020, the FDA restricted the sales of all flavored e-vapor products among pod systems with the exception of tobacco and menthol. Sequentially, we estimate that the category volume increased 7% as competitive marketplace activity continued. As a result of these dynamics, JUUL's first quarter retail share of the total e-vapor category decreased to 33%. 
We continue to believe that a responsible e-vapor category, consisting solely of FDA authorized products can play an important role in tobacco hard reduction. As for our JUUL investment, the FTC trial is now scheduled for June of this year, and we remain committed to vigorously defending our investment. 
In heated tobacco, PM USA is continuing to expand IQOS and Marlboro HeatSticks. Beginning this month, HeatSticks are available in retail stores statewide across Georgia, Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina. Marlboro HeatSticks retail volume and share continued to grow in the first quarter. In Atlanta stores with distribution, Marlboro HeatSticks retail share of the cigarette category was 1.1%, an increase of 2/10 sequentially. And in Charlotte, HeatSticks retail share was 1%, an increase of 3/10 sequentially. 
Last month, PM USA began selling the IQOS 3 device, which offers a longer battery life and faster recharging as compared to the 2.4 version. The new device is being offered through device and HeatSticks bundles and through the lending program, which has been effective at generating trial and driving purchase. We're encouraged to see that many consumers are upgrading their 2.4 devices, representing approximately 25% of all IQOS 3 device sales in the first quarter. 
Along with geographic expansion, PM USA is increasing the use of its digital platforms like  Marlboro.com and getIQOS.com to engage with smokers and communicate the benefits of IQOS, including the MRTP claim on the IQOS 2.4 system. For Marlboro.com, IQOS content is now available nationwide. Smokers can sign up to receive communications and be notified when IQOS is available in their area. 
PM USA is also using its Marlboro's Rewards program to drive IQOS awareness and value delivery. Smokers can earn Marlboro rewards points by learning about IQOS and can also redeem their points for discounts on the IQOS device. In June, PM USA plans to open IQOS boutique in the Tysons Corner Mall, which is a center point for the highly populated Northern Virginia Metro area outside of Washington, D.C. 
As a reminder, PM USA plans to expand IQOS into 3 additional metro markets throughout the year and to expand the availability of Marlboro HeatSticks to geographies covering approximately 25% of U.S. cigarette volume by year-end. We are making progress in driving awareness and availability of on! and IQOS, while investing in future innovative noncombustible products. And we continue to acquire more tobacco consumer insights to inform our strategies to actively transition smokers to our noncombustible portfolio. 
Our Smokeable Products segment continues to support our vision, generating significant cash that can be invested in noncombustible products and return to shareholders. 
Turning to our financial outlook. We reaffirm our 2021 guidance to deliver adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $4.49 to $4.62. This range represents an adjusted diluted EPS growth rate of 3% to 6% from a $4.36 base in 2020. The guidance includes continued investments to support the transition of adult smokers to a noncombustible future. We will continue to monitor various factors that could impact our guidance. 
Our employees continue to drive the success of our businesses. They've risen to the challenge together to deliver results and are supporting each other and their communities. Over the past years, the challenges associated with the pandemic have been compounded by the continued social injustice and in equities that black and brown Americans still face every day. And the Asian American community is hurting as violent and hateful attacks on Asians skyrocketed. 
We condemn any form of hatred and discrimination against any person. Through our Asian, black and brown employees, we will continue to stand with you and we stand for you. We recently released our report on supporting our people and communities, which details the many ways we're making progress, enhancing our culture and positively impacting our communities. It is part of a series of corporate responsibility progress reports that we are issuing this year, and it is available on altria.com. 
I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on our first quarter results.

Yes. Pamela, thanks for the question. You ask a good one because the market is very fluid, as we mentioned in our remarks. I think when you look at the first quarter, and we provided the 12-month moving decomp, you can see that we still have somewhat of a tailwind, and we believe, as we believed at the end of last year, that is the consumer stay-at-home practices as they had nicotine occasions to their day. 
Certainly, as we progress forward, we highlighted that we are seeing mobility for our consumers increase significantly. But then you also have the offsets. You have the government stimulus that just came out, and we'll see how the consumer thinks about that as their mobility has increased and what other areas of discretionary spend they could use that stimulus towards. 
So certainly, through the first quarter, we saw a continuance. Even though it was a tough comp, a continuance of what we saw at the end of the last year. I think it remains to be seen what trends the consumer has picked up during the COVID pandemic that will remain. And what will revert back to -- and I'll use your phrase to pre-pandemic or normal levels that they had in place prior to the pandemic. But thanks for the question.

Yes. I think when you think about the regulatory framework, the 2 topics that have been in the headlines, and look, we expect to have continued headline news in the tobacco industry as you have a new administration that tends to take place. But let's just take them in turn. If you think about menthol, the FDA has been considering this for years. And when you step back from it and you really think about it, we have a common goal, which is to transition the adult cigarette consumer to a noncombustible future. Where we disagree is prohibition just doesn't work. It has unintended consequences and criminalizing menthol has significant consequences. 
We think a better approach is to have an established marketplace of FDA authorized noncombustible products. We've only heard what you've heard. So certainly, whatever the FDA announces, we'll review what the FDA announces, and we'll engage and continue to focus on the science and evidence of what would be a multiyear process. 
I think when you think about lower nicotine in cigarettes, it's very similar. It's something they've been considering for years. We know they're running studies related to this. Again, we don't believe prohibition works because it has so many unintended consequences. The better approach is to have that established portfolio of FDA authorized noncombustible products. 
In addition to that, we don't think it's practical or feasible from a standpoint of what's been suggested. And so when you look at overall the signs and evidence, and you can see the comments that we submitted to the FDA as they were considering these previously, there are significant hurdles there from a science and evidence base that it has the impact that they have suggested. 
From an FET standpoint, I think it remains to be seen. There hasn't been a lot of discussion. As you mentioned, it was a bit of a headline news last week. When you step back from the specifics, it's something that's been introduced before, and it didn't get very far. I think when you think about some of the statements that President Biden has made about not wanting to raise taxes on individuals making less than $400,000 a year. Excise tax increase runs counter to that. I'd just remind you, we have an excellent government affairs team, is ready to engage on all of these topics and our regulatory affairs team as well. So we're ready. But I would caution that we will see, we believe, continued headline news.

Sure. Thanks for the question, Vivien. I think when you think about modern oral, it's a very exciting category. We're extremely excited to now have 100% of the economics of on!, both in the U.S. and on a global basis. When you think about the novel oral, I think it's very intuitive that it will interact with the adult dipper from the traditional MST. That consumer is used to putting things in their mouth. I think what has us so excited about on! is its engagement with the adult cigarette consumer. 
And so as we do always, we run various scenarios, I think, certainly, you can see the adult dipper converting to it. And it depends on how successful we are engaging with the adult cigarette consumer of how big that category can get through time. So we're extremely excited, and we'll be very excited to get past the manufacturing capacity constraint which we expect to do by midyear. 
I think from a competitive standpoint, you can expect that in new categories as volume grows, the various manufacturers that are participating in the category are trying to capture consumers and have them choose their products and brands. Certainly, through time, I think all companies are in it for profitability. So there will be some competitive activities as volume grows and consumers are at play and then you would expect for a turn towards profitability.

Yes. I don't have those factors in front of me, Vivien. I think when you think about it, certainly, we've seen, and we're trying to have some of this available in previous presentations, it tends to have a higher than normal from the MST category interaction with the female cigarette consumers because they just don't appreciate putting tobacco in their mouth. And so it certainly over-indexes to that a bit compared to MST. But from a standpoint of that interaction, I think right now, it's too early to tell, and it's very small when you try to diagnose who's coming over from the cigarette category.

Yes. I think the biggest one I would highlight, Vivien, is the activity that our government affairs team has been able to secure now in 7 states and with a different definition of HeatSticks in the state of Virginia, so a total of 8. And that is that a product that has a designation of MRTP coming out of the FDA that they have authorized it to have that claim, has a step function down in excise taxes in 7 states, and again, the different definition in the state of Virginia. So I think that's going to be the best mechanism of any reduced risk product is those that have the designation of MRTP being authorized by the FDA.

So we would agree with your opinion, Chris, that, that's the appropriate way to do it is, you remember, I call it, roughly half of the conventional cigarette consumers are looking for a noncombustible product that satisfies them, and certainly something that would reduce risk through time. And so certainly focusing on having a robust portfolio of noncombustible products that are authorized by the FDA and then eventually receive an MRTP, the cigarette consumers will move. They just need those products that satisfy them and meet their needs. And so certainly, to your point, prohibition tends to be fraught with unintended consequences that can take place based on prohibition.

Yes. Nothing that to highlight, Chris. We make our pricing decisions independent. I think when you look at price realization in the first quarter of 8%, that's pretty substantial. And as shown in the total results of the company, Marlboro's rock-solid. You mentioned the price gap to lowest. That was really driven by major manufacturer being very competitive in the branded discount category, and we highlighted that it didn't seem to gain a lot of traction. So you always have a little movement through time and in various periods that you look at, but nothing that I would highlight that's substantial.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Bonnie, and I'll try to take them in turn, but if I miss one, follow back up. I think when you think about the growth in the category, certainly, we had a competitor had a great head start on us. We've seen significant growth in the category. We have been constrained from a capacity and manufacturing. And so we look to be past that at midyear, and then we can have it in the stores we wanted to be in and engage with the consumer the way we would like to engage with the consumer. 
I think for the upside, from a total standpoint of growth, I think we're excited about on! because not only is it engaging with the adult dipper, but as I mentioned, also engaging with the adult smoker. So the more successful we are with that, you can see the size of the consumer base that you're able to engage with. I think your question related to international, it's important to remember that on! already had a presence internationally. So we highlighted in our remarks, we're going to certainly pay attention to where it's at in market, make sure that we have the right look and the right products in the marketplace, introduce products that are in the pipeline through time. And then look at what other opportunities we have. And we've increased the international team, supplementing what was already existing with some Altria employees to get consumer insights both for the international market, but as well as to get consumer insights for future products in the U.S.

Sure. Thanks for the question, Bonnie. Yes, it's still a bit early, yet. But certainly, we're looking to engage with the consumer, both at retail through guided trials through the HeatSticks at C-stores but just as importantly, and that was part of our investments we highlighted at the beginning of the year is investing in what we would consider industry-leading consumer engagement system and really being able to engage with the consumer digitally so that we can connect with the consumer. If you think about it, not only when they're in the store, but from a 360 view of when they want to be engaged with. And that's what we're really on the path to do. 
I think from the standpoint of highlighting what the claim does is certainly in research, it was -- it showed that the consumer, once they understood the claim that was there is that they were more inclined to both engage with the product and understand it as well as try the products. So we'll have more to share as we move through the year.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Owen. And I'll be careful not to talk about anything from a merger or acquisition or anything in the future. I think the way we think about it is we are primarily U.S.-focused because we have all of our infrastructure, sales force, relationships with retailers and wholesalers are all primarily U.S. focused. And so that will be our focus of getting those consumers in their conversion journey from combustible to noncombustible. That will be our primary focus. But the learnings that we have and you mentioned modern oral, the learnings that we have in the conversion journey that consumers take is very similar to the consumers around the world. And so we certainly want to pay attention to that and participate that in that when it's appropriate. I think from a standpoint of the comments made by PMI, they're probably better directed to PMI. But certainly, our primary focus is U.S., but we'll certainly seize on opportunities when appropriate around the globe.

Yes. I think when you look at that, what you're seeing is, is you're exactly right, the larger the base gets certainly from a mathematic standpoint, the growth rate reduces. I would remind you, when we show oral tobacco, that's the total category, so that's MST and the novel oral pouches. And so you've got a total look at that growth of the category over the last 6 months. So you're going to have some cannibalization of traditional moist smokeless tobacco as novel oral pouches grow. But you're also correct, as I mentioned, just as the base gets larger on novel oral, the growth rate slows.

Certainly, we're looking for a regulatory pathway that helps us achieve the vision. You heard my earlier remarks on an outright prohibition, whether it'd be menthol or great reduction in nicotine in cigarettes, we believe having that portfolio of noncombustible that's authorized by the FDA and then eventually through the MRTP process is a much better pathway because the consumer that uses conventional cigarette has already shown an inclination that they want to transition. And so we believe we can get there with the right products and with the insights we have on the consumer, certainly having a regulatory pathway that allows that to happen in the right order, makes perfect sense to us.

Yes. It's a bit early, Michael. Certainly, we've announced the areas that we're expanding to, certainly across the 4 states and then Northern Virginia and then 3 additional metro markets, which we haven't discussed what they are. And so certainly, it's going to be informed by the consumer and informed by where we believe we can get the heavy foot traffic. Just a reminder, we want to launch initially in a densely populated area and then grow from that once you have a foothold, grow from that across states. And so certainly, we're going to be influenced by the consumer and the insights we have on the consumers, both from them and what we've seen in the existing markets to inform where we go next.

Certainly, Michael, we always have incrementality in mind from a total profitability standpoint. But I think when you look at the vision, we know that our conventional cigarette consumers want to move, and we want to now proactively look at moving them. Certainly, incrementality, and you know the various ways we go to market, and we assess that for incrementality to see where we can really reach competitive to consumers. But we don't want to ignore our consumers either. We know they want to move, and so we want to reach out when they're ready to move and have them stay in our portfolio of products. And so that's the fine balance. But certainly, at retail and the way we reach out to consumers, we assess where we can get incrementality to the greatest extent.

Yes. Adam, we go to select retail chains because we want to make sure that we get great execution, the right look and high-quality because we want to learn when we have that, what does it look like for consumer engagement. We haven't mentioned the specific number of stores in Atlanta. But our goal, even when we expand to the state is have great execution across the state and have it where each consumer regardless of where they live, have access to the product, to drive awareness and availability and interest. And so we may not be in every store in a certain locale, but we want to make sure that the consumer in any locale has access to the product.

Yes. We haven't done that, Adam, to go through that. So I'm hesitant to say, oh, that's exactly the way to go about it. The way we look at it is we take the geography by ZIP code and then say, okay, based on that, think about how the -- what are the cigarette offtake and what does IQOS offtake for the total geography. And so I'm hesitant to try to guesstimate or give you assurance on your estimate.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Robert. I would take you back to the overall strategy we have for the category, which is to maximize the profitability of combustibles through time, while balancing appropriate investments back into Marlboro and funding the growth initiatives, as you mentioned. And so it is a balance. It's something that we look at. But I would agree with you, I would say 8% in the first quarter from a price realization was a great result for the quarter.

No. So we were saying novel oral, the total category had a share. So the novel oral tobacco of the total oral space was 13%. So the total novel oral -- yes, does that make sense of the total oral space.

Yes. It's certainly something that we wanted to test and learn about, understand the engagement, understand the most efficient way to engage with consumers, that's just one avenue. We're looking at digital avenues and ways to engage with consumers that way. And so what you're doing with our investments is we're looking at what are the various ways that we can engage with the consumer and meet them when they're trying to make those decisions for their conversion and then support them on that conversion journey as they commence it. And so that's just one avenue, but certainly, we'll test and learn there and understand what the engagement success is and the efficiency of getting that consumer to convert.

Yes. The way we think about it is -- and it's just important to remind everyone. Look, PMI has been on this pathway for a long time. They've been talking about it. Certainly, you guys have been talking about it. We have. It is brand-new to the U.S. consumer. So we want to make sure that we're doing it the right way, I would say, in a disciplined fashion versus your terminology a big bang. And once we feel like we have it right, we have plans in place to continue the expansion. 
Certainly, we're going to be influenced by always being able to put our best foot forward. Now having the IQOS 3 device approved, having the MRTP claim on the 2.4 system gives us a much better indication and a much better engagement plan with the consumer, but we are learning along the way. I would say the Charlotte launch was more successful based on the learnings we had in Richmond and Atlanta. And so we're going to continue that disciplined approach. But I don't want you to think that we're trying to get these SET agreements with the state legislatures to influence how fast or how we think about the launch, that will not be an influence in how we proceed with the IQOS launch.

Yes. It's a great question. And again, you caught me off guard because I've been having the phone calls. So I haven't had a chance to read it. I think it will depend on what the proposal is, how they think about that proposal through time and how they think about implementing it. I would remind you that the science and evidence we see and based on the comments that we have provided previously, we don't see the science and evidence that would support that. We don't think prohibition works. It's fraught with unintended consequences. But this is exactly the reason why we pursued our portfolio approach that if there are any actions by the regulatory in any specific category, that put the consumer at play, we wanted to make sure we had the right products, right brands in each of the categories and have those products and brands in their consideration set as they are faced with different choices. But we'll certainly be engaged with the FDA and continue to encourage them to focus on the science and evidence.

I think that's a tough hypothetical to answer. We'll have to see how it's implemented, if it's implemented and how they go about it and how the consumer considers that from a standpoint of what are the unintended consequences and access they have to menthol cigarettes outside of the legal system. And then are they at play for other products to gain their satisfaction.

Yes. I think when you think about it for Altria, I would remind you that we're under-indexed in share in the menthol category. We tend to be over-indexed in non-menthol. And so from a total standpoint of the category, I would really direct you to the comments we provided to the FDA of our concerns of an outright ban on menthol that we provided previously when they've been looking at them.

Yes. We believe it will be a multiyear process, Nik. When you think about the administrative process, and again, you caught me a bit unaware is because I can't read what they have published and how they stated it. So we'll certainly be reading that and diagnosing it. But there's a rule-making process that takes place. They have to come out with a proposed rule, if that's where they're at right now. They have to receive comments. They have to consider all of those comments. And then they have to go to final rule making. And so that's a pretty lengthy process that we will certainly be engaged in with the FDA to share our point of view.

Yes. I don't know what they announced. So I can't speak to the specifics, but the normal process that they would go through as a proposed rule, there would be comments, then there would be a final rule making. And so again, I can't speak to specifics based on not having read what they announced.