Thanks, Mac. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In the third quarter, Altria continued to balance maximizing profitability from our core tobacco businesses with investing to realize a vision of responsibly leading the transition of adult ers to a smoke-free future. Our tobacco business has performed well against difficult year-over-year comparisons, and we are encouraged by the significant retail share growth from on! in the third quarter.
We also continue to reward shareholders with a strong and growing dividend and announced today the expansion of our share repurchase program to $3.5 billion. Both Altria and the tobacco industry are evolving and with transformation comes opportunity. It also brings uncertainty and adversity, including the recently International Trade Commission decision related to IQOS. We knew our journey to a smoke-free future would not be easy, but our determined and talented employees have demonstrated they are up to the challenge.
The pursuit of our vision is not based on a single brand or product platform. Our vision is built on our understanding of tobacco consumers, their capabilities as a leading tobacco company and a portfolio of smoke-free brands and product formats. We make progress through the performance of our current smoke-free portfolio and advancements in regulatory sciences, data analytics and a robust consumer engagement system. Our tobacco businesses remain strong, and our vision keeps us focused and guides us forward.
Let's now turn to our business results. Altria grew its third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share, 2.5% despite a backdrop of challenging comparisons and unfavorable year-over-year trade inventory movement. For the first 9 months of the year, adjusted EPS grew 4.5%, primarily driven by the strong financial performance of our tobacco businesses and higher ABI adjusted earnings. Our smokeable products segment continues to generate significant cash and return -- return to shareholders in fuel or vision. Third quarter adjusted operating company's income decreased 2.2%, reflecting the impact of trade inventory swings, but grew 2.6% to $7.9 billion for the first 9 months, while Marlboro remained strong.
The oral tobacco product segment continued to deliver robust profit margins, while Copenhagen maintained its leadership position. In all nicotine pouches, we have accelerated investment behind Helix and believe that the on! portfolio is well positioned in this fast-growing category. We're advancing the sophistication of our analytics across our companies. The Helix team uses this capability to evaluate the impact of promotional tools on tobacco consumers and understand what actions effectively drive trial, repeat purchase and adoption.
On! retail share of oral tobacco increased a full share point sequentially, reaching 3 share points for the third quarter and nearly tripling since the end of last year. These strong results were driven by increased smoker trial and repeat purchase from existing on! consumers. We're excited by the performance of on! during the first 9 months of the year and believe consumer insights, disruptive retail executions and consumer engagement will continue to fuel its growth.
Last year, we submitted premarket tobacco applications to the FDA for the entire on! portfolio. While the FDA has made substantial progress in reviewing millions of PMTAs they received, our applications for on! are still pending. A week ago, the FDA authorized the marketing of 4 of our oral nicotine products, Verve discs and Verve chews in the flavors of green mint and blue mint and determined that the marketing of these products is appropriate for the protection of public health.
This is the first flavored product authorization issued by the FDA for newly deemed tobacco products. While our Verve products are not currently in market, we believe the learnings we gained from developing our Verve submission were critical in filing compelling and timely submissions for on!, which we completed in only 9 months after closing the on! transaction.
We're also actively working on modified risk product applications for on!. We believe an MRTP would be an impactful point of differentiation for the brand and an important tool in educating and ultimately transitioning smokers to less harmful products.
In e-vapor, we estimate that the total category volume increased 17% versus the year ago period and increased 2% sequentially as a result of continued elevated levels of competitive activity. While we had hoped for clarity on the category's outlook as manufacturers receive PMTA decisions, the future of e-vapor is still uncertain. For most of the leading e-vapor products, the applications are still pending, including those submitted by JUUL.  
Moving forward, we expect e-vapor volume trends to be influenced by regulatory activity, which has the potential to impact the degree of cross-category movement. Recently, the CDC published an update from their National Youth Tobacco Survey. While caution is warranted when comparing results year-over-year due to the impact of the pandemic on the surveys methodology, underage e-vapor use, including use of JUUL, shows continued signs of decline. We're encouraged by the progress, but more still needs to be done, and we remain committed to continuing our work to drive down underage use.
Turning to heated tobacco. The IQOS team continued to refine its go-to-market approach for new and innovative products. Across the 4 states where IQOS is available, total Marlboro HeatSticks volume continue to grow, with repeat purchase accounting for approximately 85% of sales. According to IQOS consumers, our IQOS experts program played a significant role in their repeat purchases. The program offers smokers personalized support and encouragement through consistent tailored engagements.
In the Northern Virginia lead market device penetrations as a percent of the smoker population continue to exceed the performance of previous rollouts. In the last 4 weeks of the third quarter, Marlboro HeatSticks achieved a cigarette category retail share of 1.8% in Northern Virginia stores with distributions.
As we mentioned earlier, the International Trade Commission recently imposed an importation ban and issued season desist orders on IQOS, Marlboro HeatSticks and infringing components. We're disappointed in this decision as IQOS is the only inhalable tobacco product to have received FDA authorization as a modified risk tobacco product. The ITC's importation ban will make the product unavailable for all consumers have switched to IQOS, reduce the options for over 20 million smokers looking for alternatives to cigarettes and ultimately is detrimental to public health.
We continue to believe the plaintiff’s patents are invalid and that IQOS does not infringe on those patents. The ITC's decision is currently under 60-day review by the administration's U.S. Trade Representative. In the event that the administration does not reject the decision, we're preparing to comply with the order. We've been focused on our contingency plans surrounding sales and distribution and have been in communication with PMI on their domestic manufacturing plans. We view the ITC's decision as a frustrating obstacle, but we are not deterred from the work required to realize our vision. We remain committed to the heated tobacco category and believe it can play an important role in transitioning smokers to a smoke-free future.
Going forward, we expect to apply the knowledge and capabilities we gained from introducing and responsibly marketing a brand-new product category. For example, we've learned how to blend behavioral science, data insights and consumer engagement to support smokers on their smoke-free journey, leverage MRTPs to educate consumers on the benefits of reduced risk products and establish a robust post-market surveillance system as required to monitor FDA-authorized products.
I'm optimistic about the future for tobacco harm reduction in the U.S. We have an unprecedented opportunity to lead the way in shifting millions of smokers away from cigarettes if we follow the science and foster innovation with the support of reasonable regulation.
Let's turn to our financial outlook. We're raising the lower end of our full year 2021 guidance and now expect to deliver adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $4.58 to $4.62. This range represents a growth rate of 5% to 6% from a $4.36 base in 2020. I'd also like to welcome Marj Connelly and Matt Davis to our Board of Directors as announced this morning. They bring significant combined expertise in operations, business strategy, consumer insights, and public policy and will be tremendous assets as we pursue our vision.
I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on the business environment and our results.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Pamela. I think when you think about pricing, it's important to remember, our price realization is really 2 major components. The first component everybody is all aware of and talks about regularly, which are list price increases, and that's across our portfolios. When you think about the other component, it's the -- and we've referred to it before as the investments we made around advanced analytics and the amount of data we get from retail. And with that advanced analytics, some companies refer to it as revenue growth management, but it's really taken the retail promotions we put in the marketplace for consumers and really making it more efficient and as effective or maybe at times more effective than without the revenue growth management.
So that's allowing us to increase the price realization. I think that's what you experienced through the quarter and through the first 9 months. From a standpoint of L&M, look, we've increased our profitability on L&M. We have seeded some share there, but we're a premium-focused company. We like the results that we've experienced in L&M. And I think you see with the advanced analytics, Marlboro has been rock solid for, call it, now 5 to 6 quarters.

I'm sorry, Pamela.

Yes. I think if you look at the slides we provided, I'll take the discount question first. You can see discount bounces around from time to time. It's still in the range where it has been for quite a while. I think you see the propensity for consumers to still vastly value premium brands over discount brands.
From a standpoint of how we think about pricing, and I'll be careful not to talk about future pricing. I mentioned before, there are several factors we think about. We think about the health of our brands, the demographics that are associated with our brands, are we being relevant across all adult cohorts. And we think about the economic health of our consumers that is a factor that we factor in. And then we think about overall corporate objectives.
And so we look to balance how we make decisions there. I think when you think about the overall strategy that we apply to the combustible segment, it's really about maximizing profitability over the long term, while making appropriate investments and balancing investments in Marlboro with investments in the noncombustible portfolio.

Nothing there to call out. Vivien, you're right. We actually look at it down to the state level and below that. And I would say nothing really to call out specifically different from what you're seeing on a national base.

Thank you, Vivien. I think when you think about our strategy in oral tobacco, you can see what we're doing is we have great margins in traditional MST. We continue to lead in that category, and we're making great strides in the on!, in the novel oral space. And we're very pleased with what we saw with the results. Once we got past manufacturing capacity constraints, the progress we've been able to make with their sales force and the Helix team.
It's important to remember here, disrupting the consumer and introducing them to a new category that's growing extensively. And so we're not just investing in price promotion, we're investing in making it a premium and brand and really engaging with the consumer both digitally as well as with equity images so that they understand the nature of the brand.
So you're disrupting at retail and then you're reinforcing it with equity through time. And so that's how we're approaching the oral tobacco category. We believe on! through time, we can achieve tobacco-like margins. But certainly, we're in the investment phase right now.

Yes. It's something we certainly monitor, Owen. Thank you for the question. And it's something that we supply to you guys the overall national price gap, but we look at it back to Vivien's question at a much lower level. I think when you think about that price gap, I would point to the performance of Marlboro through time. Being able to achieve that price realization, and I mentioned advanced analytics before and what that team has been able to do in making the retail promotions we put in the marketplace effective and more efficient. And so you see the steadiness of Marlboro through time. You see the price realization, what we were able to achieve through the first 9 months. But it's certainly something we monitor, but we feel good about the position that our tobacco business is in.

Yes, I think the only thing I would add, Owen is you can think of it. You've been following us for quite a while. It's no different than the analysis we went through with SAB. We look at the asset. We look at the -- go through the analytics and does it make sense to hold the asset or reallocate that capital somewhere else. And so that's something now that the restriction has gone that we'll do on a regular basis, and we'll update you at the appropriate time.

Yes. Gaurav, I would remind you how we think about the combustible category. And it's really about maximizing profitability over the long term, and then balancing investments in Marlboro because we're premium focused with investments in the noncombustible portfolio that we have. And so that's how we -- the overall strategy for the combustible segment. I would point to the performance of Marlboro again of 5 to 6 quarters of rock steady performance and the price realization we've been able to achieve, both from list price as well as the advanced analytics and applying that to the marketplace. And so we feel good about where we're positioned as far as other companies they can make decisions independent of us.

Yes. Nothing to point out, Gaurav, that would be material. We've had -- from a standpoint of our procurement team, they stay on top of this. They are able to work around whether it's storms or shortages or supply chains. But we haven't experienced any shortages either from a labor standpoint or from a product input standpoint. So we're extremely pleased with what our procurement and our hourly workforce has been able to achieve through this process.

Yes. It's a great question. I would point to the mobility of our consumer. And we talked about the extra nicotine occasions that we believe were added last year because of the stay-at-home practices. They -- and so as they've increased their mobility and you point to both factors, they're out -- about more and they're using their discretionary income on other things. The only other thing I would highlight that you did not highlight is gas prices, and we know gas prices affect our consumers. But these are characteristics of the consumer. We know how to navigate through, and I think you've seen we've been successful in the past. But those would be the major factors I would highlight.

Yes. I think if you refer to, we try to provide a decomposition of industry volume. And so we do it on a 12-month moving. And so as of the end of the third quarter on a 12-month moving, remember in secular decline, which is people smoking last or quitting smoking or moving to other categories, that's always contained about 1% of people leaving cigarettes for other categories. And then if we see additional cross-category movement beyond that, we highlight that you can see that was a 0.2%. So you can think about 1.2% of consumers leaving cigarettes for whatever other category they choose.

Katherine, maybe we move on and come back to Patrick.