Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. We continued our strong start to the year with adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 18.8% in the second quarter. Our core tobacco businesses performed well as they continued to make strategic investments in support of their long-term objectives. Of course, our results benefited from a lower corporate tax rate. We continued to reward shareholders in the quarter by paying over $1.3 billion in dividends and repurchasing approximately $437 million in shares.
This is a dynamic time in the tobacco industry. And just as we lead in traditional tobacco products, we intend to lead in offering adult smokers more choices with innovative reduced-risk products. In May, we announced a new corporate structure to maximize our core tobacco businesses and accelerate our innovation pipeline. We believe that our new structure will enhance our ability to drive the change necessary for us to continue our success in the future.
Let's move now to our operating segments. Our strategy in the smokeable products segment remains to maximize income while maintaining momentum on Marlboro and Black & Mild over time. So far in 2018, we are pleased with the performance of the smokeable products segment. Adjusted operating companies income declined 2.8% in the second quarter and 2.4% in the first half, as expected, given our investments.
PM USA entered the year focused on stabilizing Marlboro with investments in product expansions, packaging innovations and brand equity. We are encouraged with our progress in the first half as Marlboro market share increased 0.1 of a share point to 43.2% from the fourth quarter of 2017. PM USA is successfully executing its strategy, which resulted in strong smokeable segment net price realization of 6.6% and 5.6% in the second quarter and first half, respectively. We estimate that when adjusted for the significant trade inventory movements, the smokeable segment's cigarette volumes declined an estimated 5% in the second quarter compared to an estimated industry rate of decline of 3.5%. This is consistent with our view that industry volume declines would moderate as the effects of the California SET were fully lapped.
While industry performance may be volatile on a quarterly basis, over the past 4 quarters, the industry's rate of decline was approximately 4%, consistent with the historical long-term decline rate of 3% to 4%. We believe the adult tobacco consumer's economic situation remains positive, and we continue to closely watch the many economic factors, including gas prices and wage growth, that could affect their spending habits.
In the smokeless products segment, USSTC delivered adjusted operating companies income growth of 3.5% in the second quarter and 13.5% in the first half. In the first half, business fundamentals were quite robust with strong profit growth and net price realization. Copenhagen and Skoal combined gained 0.2 of a share point from the fourth quarter of 2017.
As for volume, USSTC believes that smokeless industry volume growth continues to be affected by adult tobacco consumers moving among tobacco product categories. USSTC estimates that over the past 6 months, the smokeless products segment adjusted shipment volume declined an estimated 1.5%, and smokeless industry volume declined an estimated 1%.
You'll recall USSTC submitted its Modified-Risk Tobacco Product application for Copenhagen Snuff in March. And earlier this month, USSTC submitted premarket tobacco applications for VERVE Discs and Chews, innovative oral tobacco products that offer adult smokers a discrete choice to get tobacco enjoyment almost anywhere when smoking is not an option.
In e-vapor, Nu Mark grew volume by approximately 16% in the quarter and 23% for the first half, primarily driven by expanded distribution. Most recently, Nu Mark expanded MarkTen Elite from over 6,000 stores in the first quarter to more than 23,000 stores by the end of the second quarter. 
In heated tobacco, PM USA's initial lead market plans are ready. And upon FDA authorization, PM USA can begin importing iQOS into the U.S. While this will create a 2- to 3-month period between FDA authorization and availability at retail, PM USA will take advantage of that time to activate its marketing plan, which will use a range of tools to build adult smoker awareness and demand in the lead market while gaining key insights for subsequent market expansion.
Now a brief update on regulatory items. You'll recall that in the first quarter, the FDA published 3 advance notices of proposed rulemaking. Earlier this month, we submitted our comments on each of these ANPRMs, and they're available for review on altria.com. As we've said before, we believe we're in the early stages of a long-term process, in which we will remain actively engaged.
In summary, we had a great first half of the year and believe we are well positioned for the second half. We remain positive on our core tobacco business fundamentals and believe macroeconomic factors remain supportive of adult tobacco consumers. And we continue to make strategic investments to support long-term strength in our core tobacco businesses and our pursuit of leadership in innovative products.
In light of a strong first half and continued confidence in our core tobacco businesses, earlier this morning, we tightened our guidance, raising the lower end of our full year 2018 adjusted diluted EPS guidance range, which is now $3.94 to $4.03, representing a growth rate of 16% to 19% from 2017.
I'll now turn it over to Billy to provide more detail on our quarterly performance.

Sure. I think if you look at the investments we made in the first half of this year behind Marlboro, probably the most significant one was the launch of Marlboro Ice with an innovative package design, and that was launched at the Marlboro full price, although with some promotional offerings to drive trial. In addition to that, we've made some adjustments to our trade programs and improved the visibility of the brand at retail. So I think we were quite pleased to see Marlboro up 0.1 in the first half compared to fourth quarter, and we continue to believe we'll have plenty of activity in the second half of the year to continue with that stable to up trend on Marlboro.

Well, I think as we look at the investments we've made behind the brand, I think we communicated that we plan to invest about 1/3 of the tax reform benefit this year in a variety of investments, many of those in the innovative products segment. But certainly, Marlboro received some of those investments. And we really expect those to roll out throughout the year. One thing I would point out, though, is that if you look at the price realization on the smokeable segment in the first half, price realization was up about 5.6%. So we had strong pricing. And I think that reflects the fact that although there was some trial offering on Marlboro Ice, overall, the price trend on Marlboro in the first half was quite positive.

Sure. I'll start off with the fact that we have been ready for quite some time to launch iQOS into the U.S. market, and we are really just waiting for FDA approval. And as is often the case with FDA, they move at their own pace, so I don't know that we can make a good forecast of that. But we certainly have taken advantage of the time we've had to make sure that we've got a very solid launch plan for iQOS in the U.S. market. We've been learning from all of the experiences that PMI has had overseas, and we will be ready with a very compelling marketing offering in the marketplace. You are right that we have been contracting to gain additional space for innovative products at retail. And certainly, that space would be available for iQOS, for e-vapor and for a range of other innovative products we're bringing to the marketplace. We think that would give us plenty of room to display the portfolio of products that we have in the marketplace, and we've been quite pleased with our success in securing that space. I did read in the BAT announcement about the SE they got on a -- what, I guess, is an improved version of the Reynolds product. And I think in some respects, it is -- probably there's some benefit to having a number of different Heated Tobacco Products in the market. And I have to tell you, given the success that the iQOS heat-not-burn format has had around the world, I'm happy to compete in the market with iQOS against that BAT product. And we're just eager for the opportunity to begin marketing.

Okay. At this point, there's no change to that expectation.

Sure. I think you're probably referencing that the cigarette category decline rate in the first quarter was about 5.5% on an adjusted basis for the industry, and in the second quarter, it was 3.5%. I think probably the biggest driver of that was, as you said, we lapped the California state excise tax increase. And I think that this was a fairly solid trend through the second quarter, and I think it was to be expected, although it's a bit complex because you've got the lapping of the California state excise tax increase. You've got generally a positive environment for adult tobacco consumers, but you do have gas prices up over 10%, and then you've got growth in the e-vapor category. But I think the best way to look at the overall impact to that is to look at the adjusted 3.5% decline number.

Yes. I don't know that we -- I don't know if we play that close attention to week-to-week variations, but I think the 3.5% down for the quarter, I think, represented the trend well from the second quarter to the first.

Sure. I don't know that we have the information to make that precise calculation. But clearly, in mainstream retail channels, the e-vapor category has returned to very strong growth. I think what makes it a bigger challenge to gauge its impact on the cigarette category is that unlike most of the other tobacco product categories, most of the volume in the e-vapor category falls in vape stores and on e-commerce that are less well measured. And so I think that some of the growth in mainstream retail channels likely represents cannibalization in those other channels. And then I think the second impact -- or the second thing to consider is that as part of the secular decline rate that makes up this long-term 3% to 4% decline, we normally view the secular decline rate as a 2% to 3% decline. That includes consumers that move to other tobacco categories from cigarettes. It includes people that stopped tobacco products altogether, and it includes changes in their consumption in number of sticks per day. So there's always a certain amount of movement between categories in that secular decline rate. And so the real question here is, is there an abnormal amount of impact on the secular decline rate? And I think given the 3.5% decline for the tobacco -- for the cigarette category in the second quarter, I think it seems to be covered by that long-term decline trend.

Yes. I think the best way to judge the way our business is performing over time is to rely on the IRI numbers that we generate and share in our quarterly earnings release. We have a custom IRI panel that is designed to accurately predict and project activity in any given quarter in mainstream retail channels. And of course, we go to great care to make sure that IRI has access to the new products we put in the market, any promotional activity. So I think that's the best read. I know that there are some less complete services that others look at. But I think when we looked at it this quarter, certainly, there are always differences. And frankly, sometimes those differences benefit the trends for our business, sometimes they don't. But I think our view is the best gauge of the success of our business is what we report in our quarterly earnings release. And we go to great care to make sure the year-over-year comparisons are fair.

I'll turn that over to Billy.

Sure. I would say we are addressing that L&M weakness in a measured way. I think it's helpful, actually, to go back and look at the discount category trends over a longer period of time. And I went back to 2011, which is the year before we launched the new Marlboro architecture. And if you look at first half trends in the discount category from 2011 to today, we've had growth of over a share point in our discount share, and that was really all driven by L&M. And the discount category is down over 1 share point over that period of time. What has happened more recently is that the overall discount category, I would say, is stable. If you wanted to find a tick-up, it's up 1/10 in the first half of this year compared to 2017, but I don't think that's a significant move. Really, the only news you can find I think in the discount category is that during that time period, branded discount gave up 4/10, and deep discount picked up 5/10. And certainly, some of that share that branded discount lost came from L&M in this very short-term period. But I think to understand that, you have to consider 2 things, which is: the margins on the branded discount products, which continue to make up the majority of the share in discount, have improved quite a bit since 2011, which is a real positive. And then secondly, while the economic situation is generally positive for adult tobacco consumers, it is being somewhat unevenly distributed. And I think there are some consumers that continue to be under economic pressure. And it's not surprising that a few of them are finding value in the deep discount cheapest cigarettes in the store. I think our view is that, first and foremost, we're pleased that the overall category is flat. It's healthy for premium brands given our focus on Marlboro and on Nat's. And then secondly, I think we like the margin on L&M. So we'll monitor it, but I don't think there's any significant action we feel is necessary. We're doing it more by making small adjustments on a state-by-state basis.

Yes, I think you are right. We used to have a smokeless segment that was growing, call it, 4% to 5%. And now the category is flat to slightly down. I think probably the first driver of that is that there has been more price increase in the category over the last couple of years than there was previously. And just like there's a price elasticity in cigarettes, there also is in smokeless. So that is certainly one driver. But then I would say the second driver, I think, is that if you go back 5 or 6 years, I think that the primary beneficiary of adult cigarette smokers moving on to cigarettes to alternative products was probably the smokeless category. And I think now that you have the e-vapor category that's got some new product options and is back in growth, I think that category potentially is intercepting some consumers that, in the past, would have gone to smokeless.

Sure. I'll hand it over to Billy, who, I think, is familiar with the number. It sounds like you may be actually referencing relative pricing and mix, but we can certainly address any question about elasticity as well.

Yes. I mean, I think the explanation of the category being down on an adjusted basis 3.5% and us being done more than that is quite simply the fact that on a year-over-year basis, second quarter this year compared to last year, Marlboro did lose some share. But when you look at our share trends in the first half compared to fourth quarter, we're up 0.1 of a share point. And I think if you run the math, the share difference really explains the difference between our smokeable segment's decline rate versus the adjusted number for the industry.

Sure. I'm sorry, I understand your question now. I think if you look at last year, after a number of years of modest positive share growth, Marlboro's share had a tough time last year. And I think there were really 2 primary drivers of that. The first was the California state excise tax increase. And while that impacted all of the premium brands and all the brands in the market, it was a large excise tax increase at $2, and it was in a geography where Marlboro was significantly overdeveloped. So it had a greater impact on Marlboro, which essentially impacted Marlboro's share trend last year. And then the second driver of that was that we had a heightened level of competitive activity and competitive spending last year that we decided to be more restrained in responding to with the knowledge that we knew we had a good first half and full year plan for this year. So we gave up some share last year. You'll recall that while we gave up some share, we had quite strong profit growth and price realization in the smokeable segment. And essentially, we decided to really make our investments to stabilize Marlboro in the first half, which, we're pleased, has come through.

Sure. I think there's some insight in the way you asked the question. If you look at it, the primary products that we have in distribution at retail in large numbers of stores are the original MarkTen, the MarkTen Bold product with nicotine salts, and then MarkTen Elite. The drivers of the growth in the second quarter and first half was MarkTen Bold and MarkTen Elite. So those products are getting traction with consumers, albeit in the shadow of a product that's growing much more quickly. And then we continue to focus on some of the other products in our pipeline, but they are not distributed in retail at any significant numbers.

Sure. There's no question JUUL has had a strong performance with regard to volume growth in mainstream retail channels in the first half. And you are right that this has happened before. I'd reference back to -- I call this the third growth phase of e-vapor in the U.S. The first growth phase was in 2013, and the second was in 2014. Both of those growth phases were driven by new different products being offered into the market, and they went through a period of very strong trial. And then ultimately, consumers that tried them sorted themselves out. Many went back to their traditional cigarette product, and then some decided to continue as dual-user switch to those e-vapor products. Actually, interestingly enough, kind of the amount of growth that happened in 2014 seems to line up with the rapid growth that's happening in 2018 if you look at it on a number of pods or number of milliliter basis. And I think this growth phase is really depending on whether you measure it either 2 quarters in or 3 quarters in. So I think based on historical patterns, if it follows, you'd expect that it could have some more room to run here through the end of the year. I think the best indication of its impact on the cigarette category is to look at the adjusted cigarette decline rate of 3.5% in the second quarter. And I would note that during the prior 2 growth phases for e-vapor, you had in both of those years a 4% decline in the cigarette category, albeit the smokeless category was growing at higher rate, 2.5% and 5%, respectively. So I think there's a fair amount of room in the secular decline rate that makes up that 3% to 4% decline for there to be growth in some of the smaller alternative product categories.

Yes. I don't think there's been real significant change in our spending plans or our phasing since we announced it earlier in the year. We are -- we're making investments in our smokeable segment and in our smokeless segment. Certainly, in smokeable, the Marlboro Ice launch was included in that. And then we've made equity investments in both smokeable and smokeless in the first half. We've also invested in some of the expansions of our innovative products. I mentioned in the release that we've expanded Verve into some test markets. And of course, we've expanded our MarkTen Elite product. And then we've got a significant amount of scientific activity going on to support future applications to the FDA. The only thing I think that's worth calling out from a timing perspective is that we did include in our investment plans for this year the lead market launch of iQOS, and that is obviously FDA approval-dependent. So we'll have to wait and see how that develops in the second half.

Yes. It really involves the time necessary in order to ship the product over, get it through customs, get it tax-stamped and get it distributed to the stores. And while on the surface it might feel like optimally you'd like to go faster, it actually turns out that given that we can't communicate about the product until it receives FDA approval, actually, having a couple of months to build awareness and to do some early trial on that product, we find that actually hits kind of the sweet spot to make sure that as we have the product available -- at full availability at retail, that there's significant awareness and significant demand for the product. And of course, we'll communicate through traditional mass communication vehicles as well as through digital.

Well, I think you are right that we had some dollars allocated in this year to the iQOS launch. But of course, every year, we have a number of puts and takes that result in the number we ultimately deliver. But certainly, if iQOS was not approved by the end of the year, that would be a positive variance that we would put into the kitty with other changes in deciding where to end the year from a profit growth perspective.

Sure. I think if you're talking about the smokeable products segment, I wouldn't call out a significantly different level of investment in the back half of the year than in the front half of the year. I think that the initial trial promotions for Ice have largely run their course. And anytime you launch a new brand in the third and fourth quarters of that brand launch, you are going to have some level of trial promotion. But typically, it steps down from the initial launch. So I think that we'll have a fairly normal distribution and marketing resources across the core businesses this year. The only thing I would call out that is a back half impact is that we're going to have excise tax increases that take place on July 1 in Oklahoma and Kentucky. And while those excise tax increases are substantially less of an increase than we had in California and they don't have the volume that we had in California, they do happen to be 2 other states that Marlboro is overdeveloped in. So there'll be a little bit of pressure I think on Marlboro in the third quarter, but we continue to feel good about our performance in the back half.

Yes. To be specific, we launched Marlboro Ice in the first quarter of this year, so we really got 2 quarters' worth of information. And I would say Marlboro Ice is largely on plan, and we're very pleased with its performance. And I think it was driven by the fact that I think it's a nice new Marlboro offering in a menthol category that has been growing. And I have to tell you that the innovative reseal pack has been well received by consumers. So we would mark this up as a success for the Marlboro brand launch.

Sure. I'll start with the San Francisco flavor ban. What we have found is that there is some low level of activity in various localities and occasionally, a city, that is at odds with the general trend at the federal and state level. And that's really how I would frame that San Francisco flavor ban. I think it's more of an aberration than it is the beginning of a trend. But it would not surprise me if you had a handful of other localities or cities that are particularly anti-tobacco take up that activity. But I wouldn't expect it to get much traction on a larger scale.

Sure. I think what we're seeing is that for quite some time, the tobacco industry has been expected to operate under a very specific set of rules, and the Master Settlement Agreement laid those out for the cigarette category. But frankly, we've -- as we've expanded into other categories, we've always had a significant focus on making sure that we market only to adult tobacco consumers and that we minimize unintended reach of our marketing to folks that are nonsmokers. And we are always aware that the FDA and the Attorneys General are watching everything we do to make sure we're operating responsibly. And I think that -- we think that has resulted in a category where the level of marketing that is seen by nontobacco users has come down dramatically. And of course, youth smoking rates are at all-time lows. I think that, that is the way any responsible tobacco company needs to operate in the U.S., and I think that the AGs who monitor marketing activity and all other tobacco activity across the country, I think, don't hesitate to reach out to tobacco manufacturers if they think they're not operating against the basic rules of the industry. And so I can't specifically comment on the details of the action in Massachusetts, but I think as an experienced player in the category, we're not surprised. And frankly, we appreciate the AGs making sure that there's a minimum level of performance expected from everybody in the industry.

Sure. To be clear, based on the definitions of a cigarette in the U.S., our belief is when we enter the market with iQOS, iQOS will be classified as a cigarette under the federal definition and most state definitions. So it will incur MSA payments and excise tax payments for the HeatSticks as a cigarette. But I think you do bring up the fact that when you look at the performance characteristics of the iQOS heat stick used in the iQOS device and you compare it to a cigarette, there's significant differences that we think would warrant a lower excise tax in order to encourage people to use the iQOS system versus a traditional cigarette. And we've been pursuing that with the governmental authorities, primarily by saying, for any product that gets an MRTP, we try and get a lower state excise tax rate. We've had success in a couple of states. But I think as it enters the market, unlike the case that PMI has had in many international markets around the world, where it's been classified in its own tax classification category, at least at the beginning, that will not be the case in the U.S.