Thanks, Mac. Good morning and thank you for joining us. 
Altria delivered outstanding results in the second quarter, thanks to the continued strength of our tobacco businesses and the hard work of our highly talented employees. Our teams have continued their commitment to moving beyond smoking by deepening their understanding of tobacco consumer preferences, expanding the awareness and availability of our smoke-free product portfolio and amplifying our voice on harm reduction within the scientific and public health communities. Their passion in pursuit of our vision gives me even greater confidence that we can responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a smoke-free future. 
Let's now turn to our business results. Altria grew its second quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share of 12.8% to $1.23 primarily through the strength of our tobacco businesses. The smokeable products segment continued to deliver on its strategy of maximizing profitability in combustibles while appropriately balancing investments in Marlboro with funding the growth of smoke-free products.  Marlboro continued to lead the cigarette category while second quarter adjusted operating company's income grew 11%. For the first half, the segment generated adjusted OCI growth of 5.3%. 
In the oral tobacco products segment, Copenhagen continued to lead the MST category and delivered strong profit performance. The oral tobacco products segment grew adjusted OCI by 3.5% in the second quarter and by 3.3% for the first half as strength in MST more than offset investments in support of on!  
The oral nicotine pouch category continued to grow and Helix remained focused on expanding capacity, broadening distribution and driving awareness and trial. The team has successfully achieved unconstrained manufacturing capacity for the current U.S. market. And as the category grows, Helix plans to further increase on capacity ahead of expected demand. 
Additionally, Helix and AGDC broadened on! retail distribution to 105,000 retail stores, which represents approximately 80% of U.S. oral tobacco volume and 70% of U.S. cigarette volume. In the second quarter, on! retail share of oral tobacco was 2 percentage points, up 0.03% sequentially. 
In a heightened competitive environment, we believe Helix has made consistent progress against its 2021 goals, having achieved unconstrained manufacturing capacity, increased distribution and nearly doubling on retail share over the first half. Helix deploys a broad suite of marketing tools to continue to build on brand equity and transition smokers. 
At retail, Helix uses disruptive point-of-sale and trial and awareness generating promotions.  Retail initiatives are complemented by one-to-one communications and digital marketing channels, which we believe provide a more immersive and educational on! experience. These communications are tailored based on consumer preferences and insights to better resonate with individual smokers and dippers.  
Turning to heated tobacco, PM USA expanded IQOS and Marlboro HeatSticks to retail stores across Georgia, Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina. This 4-state expansion is helping PM USA garner key learnings about scaling new, innovative products. 
Over 2/3 of U.S. cigarette volume is sold through the convenience store channel. So we believe the ability to effectively educate smokers about the IQOS system in C stores is critical to the long-term success of the product.  Although early, we're encouraged that nearly half of second quarter IQOS device sales came from convenience stores. This highlights the impact of our sales force and their strong relationships with key retail partners. 
In line with our strategy to build IQOS in large metro markets, PM USA expanded IQOS and Marlboro HeatSticks to Northern Virginia, its fourth metro market. We believe our commercialization team continues to improve its execution as we move into new metro markets.  In early Northern Virginia metro market results, device penetration as a percent of the smoker population has surpassed the performance of the Atlanta and Charlotte rollouts. 
We've discussed for some time the importance of bringing a strong commercialization package to smokers to help them on their journey. In the Northern Virginia market, we have deployed our full range of flexible marketing tools, such as kiosk, mobile units and experts. We also opened an IQOS boutique in the Tysons Corner Mall, which is the center point for the area. We believe the favorable results in Northern Virginia reflect the strategic locations and enhanced execution within these marketing channels, the availability of the IQOS 3 device and built up awareness from the Richmond market.  
We previously stated the importance of responsibility and discipline in our IQOS expansion approach. PM USA has been mindful of the pending International Trade Commission case, which may result in a ban on the importation of IQOS and Marlboro HeatSticks into the United States. Due to this uncertainty, PM USA had delayed further expansion of IQOS and Marlboro HeatSticks.  
Each quarter, we make progress toward our vision. As we do so, we strengthen the capabilities that we believe are necessary to effectively transition smokers to our current and future innovative product portfolio. These capabilities include: a flexible manufacturing system, which allows us to quickly redeploy our highly skilled employees and existing footprint in support of smoke-free products; a robust consumer engagement system that includes enhanced data collection, a portfolio of a smoker engagement tools and our trade partner relationships; and strong regulatory capabilities, including the talent to develop compelling PMTAs for smoke-free products; and the establishment of required post-market surveillance infrastructure. 
Tobacco harm reduction must be grounded in sound science, encouraged by reasonable regulation and executed responsibly. We believe it's critical to have transparent and constructive dialogue about the science and evidence supporting tobacco harm reduction with all stakeholders. So far this year, we published 10 articles and scientific journals, participated on 4 panels and presented 24 posters at scientific and policy conferences. 
Unfortunately, not all stakeholders believe that industry participants should be part of these exchanges. Recently, a scientific organization decided to ban industry participation at its annual conference. We believe this is a mistake and that limiting the exchange of scientific research impedes tobacco harm reduction and hurt smokers looking for less harmful products.  We will continue to advocate for open and inclusive dialogue among all stakeholders, which we believe is essential to addressing the significant public health opportunity in front of us.  
Let's now turn to guidance. With our strong financial performance in the first half, we've raised the lower end of our full year 2021 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to be in the range of $4.56 to $4.62. This range represents a growth rate of 4.5% to 6% from a $4.36 base in 2020. This updated guidance reflects continued confidence in our tobacco businesses, investment in smoke-free products and the expected impact of the recently announced agreement to sell our Ste. Michelle Wine Estates business.  
I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on the business environment and our results.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Pamela. Yes, I want you to interpret the delay correctly. So the expansion markets that we are in. So the 4 states existing markets, including Northern Virginia, we're staying in, and we'll complete the state expansions. It was just beyond that where we had previously announced by the end of the year, we'd be in geographies representing 25% of cigarette volume. We wanted to let you guys know and our investors know that we're delaying that until we get some certainty around that.
As far as plans if it should ultimately go against us, and you know the process, I'm sure you're well aware of the process that we will step through related to the actual case. But we're working closely with PMI on contingency plans. I think it's a bit too early to share the details of what those contingency plans are or could be. And so we'll share those when it's appropriate.

Yes. There was a lot in that question, Pamela, so I'll try to dissect it and make sure I get all the pieces. I think when you think about -- and I refer to cigarette volume, I know you said industry volume, so I'm assuming that's what you're talking about. I mean I appreciate the fact that you recognize that we had a strong first half.  
I think when you think about the puts and takes or the headwinds, tailwinds, and these could go either way.  I think the major factors that we're going to be watching for impact to volume are really the stay-at-home practices of our consumer. Do they decide that -- are they required by their employee to go back to the work site or do they still have stay-at-home practices? I think you've seen various news on unemployment rates and any associated stimulus. How does that play out for the remainder of the year?
I think it's important to keep an eye across category movement. We know that the FDA has a lot of applications in front of them for PMTAs. So we'll see what their decisions are and how they could impact it. But most importantly, it's the consumer purchasing behavior.  As you know, we believe they're adding nicotine occasions to their day. And so how do they think about that in this, whether it's a resurgent or vaccination rates or how the vaccine gets rolled out, how does that impact consumer purchasing behavior?
Your question related to pricing is -- and first, I'll talk about the input side. As far as -- we really haven't seen any material inflation impact the input side of our business. As far as decisions that we take into consideration when we make pricing decisions, it's really the economic health of our consumer. How are they feeling? Right now, they still have elevated discretionary income. It's the brand strength, and you can see Marlboro's been performing extremely well, and we are very pleased with its -- the strength of that brand.
And I think last and utmost is company objectives and how are we thinking about investing in our innovative product portfolios and expanding that. And we mentioned some of the investment areas earlier. So those are really the factors that go into our pricing decisions.

Yes, Bonnie. So let's deal with the guidance first. As we say all along, we run a range of scenarios when we established guidance at the beginning of the year. It's no different as we progress through the year, we run a range of scenarios. So as far as any individual category, there are always puts and takes. And so that's all incorporated in our guidance.
As far as the delay, I want -- just to be clear on the delay and your question about the 10-year vision. I think when you think about the 10-year vision, it's important to step back and remember it's 10 years out. And so that's a long time. If you just take in -- where we are today and look back 10 years, whether you think about the industry or Altria itself, there's been significant change in 10 years.  
And so we thought it prudent to finish the expansions we were in the midst of, but to delay those and knowing that we have 10 years, and we know the consumer wants to move and we want to have the products that they want to move to. And so certainly, there could be bumps in the road, but we think we have a great plan and feel confident about achieving our 10-year vision.

I -- sorry, Bonnie, I didn't mean to cut you off. Yes. So when you think about it, I appreciate the fact that you are recognizing that we can be agile in our investments. We run a range of scenarios. We're prepared for what takes place in any of our categories to be able to adjust and redeploy. And so we feel good about it. Yes, certainly, there was a level of investment in our base plan, but we run a range of scenarios around that base plan at the beginning of the year so that we're able to adjust. We have areas of the business we've mentioned previously that we were investing in. And so we feel very good about the guidance we provided today and being able to bring up the bottom end of that guidance with more certainty.

Yes, Bonnie. The answer is yes. We believe we have achieved it related to the exclusivity. We've shared that data with PMI, and that's why you saw us moving to other expansion areas.

Yes. It's a great question, Bonnie. I think when you think about our approach in novel oral, we have been behind a manufacturing capacity constraints and we've been somewhat limited. Now that that's behind us and we'll keep it behind us as best we can, it allows us to turn our marketing and brand colleagues loose, and they can really be disruptive in the marketplace to disrupt the consumer as they're making their purchasing decisions. They can fully engage with consumers with one-to-one in digital channels.  And so we look forward to being able to turn them loose, which they are now, and have them disrupting the marketplace. 
I think whenever you think about a new category, you have to think about there is going to be competitive activity, and we've seen it in this space. And so you're going to want to dislodge those consumers. But at some point in time, that typically settles down, even if you take it outside of tobacco. And so we feel very good about being able to achieve tobacco-like margins in the future. Right now, we're focused on consumer engagement and making them aware of our on! product in the marketplace.

Yes. So when you think about the ITC -- just to level set on where we're at in that process. So you think about that in May, we had the administrative law judge found in favor of the 2 of the plaintiff's patent challenges. And so they recommended that the administrative law judge recommended the importation for ban on the IQOS system. But you saw earlier this week that the ITC accepted review of the ALJ findings and recommendations on certain issues, and that included the patent infringement claims and the scope of remedies, and they will review the benefit to public health.
And so it's a bit different with the ITC. If you think about the factors around IQOS, it's the only inhalable, smoke-free product authorized by the FDA. And in authorizing IQOS, the FDA found that the product would benefit the public health. And so we would expect to have a final ITC decision in September or October. And then you remember the process after is it can be -- it goes to presidential review and that can take up to a period of 60 days after the ITC decision is final. And then any decision from the ITC can be appealed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. And so that will be the process that plays out depending on how things progress.

Yes. We think of those decisions somewhat independently, Vivien. But as far as your question specifically to smokeable and Marlboro specifically, we're greatly pleased with the performance we've seen in Marlboro over the last 4 to 5 quarters. And when you look at the price realization that was realized in the smokeable segment and then you look at the performance of Marlboro in that segment, we're very pleased with where we're at. And so it's something, to your point, we always monitor, but we feel good about how the strategy is playing out thus far.

Yes. I think it's a great question, Chris. And when you look at where we're at the end of the second quarter and you look back through history, maybe it's slightly elevated for the second quarter, but it's certainly not elevated to positions we've seen wholesalers carry. It -- with the pandemic and the way it's evolved up and down, we've seen it bounce around a lot. You'll remember through time, we typically see it level out. But certainly, the pandemic has had it bounce around a bit more than what is typical.

I would say maybe slightly higher. I wouldn't call it out as something significant, but maybe slightly higher. I think also, wholesalers in the beginning of the pandemic as well as retailers maybe got caught short a bit on inventory because they were nervous about what the pandemic was going to do to them. I think they saw consumers, as Sal mentioned in his remarks, making larger purchases. So I think they're taking a position to have a bit more inventory just to meet consumer demand.

Yes. I appreciate the question, Chris. And let me take a couple of things that went into that consideration. I think first and foremost, you remember, we had flexible marketing tools at our disposal, whether you consider it kiosks or mobile units. And so you move those from launch market to launch market. 
I think the other thing that's important to remember is we've always said we wanted to put our best commercialization foot forward. And as we got through to Charlotte, remember when we first launched Charlotte, we had the 2.4 device that did not have an MRTP authorization nor did we have authorization on 3.0.  
And so as you move into a market, you're going to put your best foot forward, we feel like that is the right package. And I think you've seen the results from the learnings as well as those -- both version 3 and the MRTP authorization in Northern Virginia.  And so it doesn't mean we won't go back and relaunch in some of those markets with those added benefits to the consumer and consumer engagement, but we thought it was prudent to move that.
And then the last note is as you move from densely populated areas to a fully expanded across the state, you evolve your commercialization practice. And we know to launch across the total U.S., we're going to have to have that C-store experience. And so it's perfecting that. And we feel good about -- as you saw in the -- you heard in the remarks, the amount of device sales that we had through the C-store channel. If you step back and just look in the second quarter, volume -- consumer takeaway overall volume was up 40%. And so I would consider that a great achievement.

I think that's fair to say. I don't know if I would characterize it as -- certainly, we feel like that's the best commercialization package we've had to date. I think it's too early to read and to say, okay, this is exactly what we're going to do as we go forward. We're going to continue to get learnings and evolve. But yes, the best commercialization package we've had to date is that we put in Northern Virginia.

Yes. I think right now, you can consider us focused on really disrupting the consumer and making them aware of the qualities of on! in the marketplace, engaging with them through the one on one in digital channels. We feel good about where we're at, but we always assess the amount of stores we're in, and you'll see adjustments through time.

Yes. That is correct, Gaurav. When you think about it, remember, in secular decline, to your point, about 1% was cross category. And then anything above that 1% outside of secular decline of that cross category is what we call out in that decomp. And so you can see in the chart that as of 6/30/21, on a 12 months ended, it was 0.3% above that. And so that is really what is the impact to the cigarette industry from cross-category movement and it includes novel oral, it includes e-vapor.
I think when you think about e-vapor, if I understand the gist of your question, really what's going to impact how e-vapor progresses in the U.S., and we believe it can play a significant role in harm reduction, is really 3 things. It's regulatory decisions. And you'll recall, all of the products are with the FDA for their review. It's the legislative and tax policy, how will excise taxes evolve in that space. And to Sal's earlier remarks, innovation, how will companies think about innovating in the future and applying for authorization from the FDA. So those will be the 3 major factors that play. But yes, it is less than what we experienced in 2019.

Yes. I think when you look at the factors underneath, whether you think about total -- the total nicotine space, and you've seen us before volume equivalized and stacked that up, historically, if you look over the past 5 years, down about 1%. So that would say overall consumption is still coming down, not increasing. Certainly, during the pandemic, and we've highlighted to you guys and investors is that we saw consumers add nicotine occasions to their day, which we believe was stay-at-home practices and some of those factors. And so certainly, there has been some short-term nicotine occasions added to the day. But overall, total volume when you stack up nicotine on an equivalent volume basis has still been declining.

Yes. And I appreciate the question. I think when you step back and think about the strategy we deploy in that category, it's to maximize profitability through time while balancing investments in Marlboro and funding the future growth categories. And so that's what guides us.
As far as competitive pricing and worries about what they took or who went first, those are not the factors. I really gave the factors earlier to Pamela. It's economic health of our consumer, its brand strength and company objectives. And so that's the way we think about our pricing decisions in the marketplace. Competitive actions don't factor into that.
I think when you think about our pricing and look, I would say 8 point -- over 8% both in the quarter and for the first half is pretty nice based on the results we've seen across the entire company here. We're pleased with that. Remember, we have 2 factors that come into our price realization. One is list price, which you're referring to. The other is as we implement -- and some people refer to it as revenue growth management, it's how do we become more efficient with the retail promotional dollars we have in the marketplace. And so I think you see those 2 factors play into our price realization.

That is correct. The ITC deals with importation of products. And so you're correct in that assessment. As far as -- if you read the details around the administrative law judge's decision, they made decisions on both the device and HeatSticks. And so it would apply to both. 
As far as contingency plans, Michael, as I stated earlier, it's a bit too early to get into the details of the contingency plans, and we'll be sure to come back to you as those are ready to be unveiled.

Yes. It's a great question, Michael, and it's something that we are very proud about. I think it speaks to the strength of our AGDC, our sales force and the relationships they build at retail. So when you think about it, it includes those other channels, one-to-one, digital, regular paper mail, it includes all of those. Our team is doing a great job of engaging with the adult smoker.
But I think when you think about what AGDC has been able to do is really look at our retailers think about how to display the product at retail. To your point, our consumers are more of a 10- to 15-second decision. How do you disrupt them at retail where they're making that purchase decision and really give them the guided trial.
For instance, they built relationships with retail clerks that were smokers previously and walked them through this transition from smoking cigarettes to using the heated tobacco product. And so I think when you think about that, now you have the retail clerk can speak from personal experience to smokers to also disrupt their purchasing decisions. And so it's really still about the guided trial. It is about engagement through those channels, but it's disrupting them right at the point of purchase.

It's certainly something that we're monitoring and we're trying to monitor it as close as we can on an individual-by-individual basis. Because to your point, people are at different places in their journey. And so I think it's too early to get into here is exactly the usage rate of somebody that comes from cigarette versus somebody that comes from dipping, but it's certainly something we're tracking and understanding because you've got to meet the consumer where they're at in their journey and help them to continue that transition over. And so again, I completely understand your question, but I think it's just too early to get into the details.

I'm sorry, I missed the end of that question. Could you repeat it? I apologize.

Yes. I think I was able to hear it. I think when you think about it, we're going to assess those market conditions. We're certainly not going to give guidance exactly what we're going to do with any maturities. But we look at the market conditions when we see maturities. And Sal would tell you that with our cash-generative businesses, it gives us flexibility when we have maturities upcoming based on what the market conditions are and how we would assess those.