Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. Altria delivered excellent third quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share growth of 20% and continued to return large amounts of cash to our shareholders. Our tobacco businesses are successfully executing against their strategies while making strategic investments to drive long-term success.
Before moving to our third quarter results, I'd like to address recent FDA activity. In September, the FDA asked several companies, including Altria, to provide plans to address underage use of e-vapor products. We welcomed FDA's action, and we agreed that the reported rise in underage use of e-vapor products is alarming and immediate action should be taken. We're also concerned that use of e-vapor products may jeopardize the harm reduction opportunity for e-vapor. We recently met with Commissioner Gottlieb to discuss steps that could be taken to address underage access and use. Consistent with our discussion with the FDA and because we believe in the long-term promise of e-vapor products and harm reduction, we're taking immediate action to address this complex situation. 
First, Nu Mark will remove from the market MarkTen Elite and APEX by MarkTen pod-based products until these products receive a market order from the FDA or the youth issue is otherwise addressed. Second, for our remaining MarkTen and Green Smoke cig-alike products, Nu Mark will sell only tobacco menthol and mint varieties. Nu Mark will discontinue the sale of all other flavor variance of our cig-alike products until these products receive a market order from the FDA where the youth issue is otherwise addressed. Although we don't believe we have a current issue with use -- youth access or use of our e-vapor products, we are taking this action because we don't want to risk contributing to the issue. 
Additionally, we will support federal legislation to establish 21 as the minimum age to purchase any tobacco product. We think it makes sense to accomplish this through a phased-in approach. For context, we estimate that approximately 5% of adult tobacco consumers are legal age through 20, and that this age demographic represents approximately 2% of cigarette industry volumes, 4% of smokeless industry volumes and 15% of e-vapor industry volumes. We of course recognize the impacts these decisions will have on our consumers, trade partners, suppliers and others. We believe these actions are essential to addressing the youth e-vapor epidemic and preserving the long-term harm reduction opportunity for e-vapor products. 
We support adult tobacco consumer choice and the promise of tobacco harm reduction, and we fully intend to offer a compelling portfolio of e-vapor products for adult smokers and vapers through the FDA's product review pathways or when underage use of e-vapor is addressed.  After removing Nu Mark's pod-based products and cig-alike flavor variants, approximately 80% of Nu Mark's e-vapor volume in the third quarter of 2018 will remain on the market. These actions are outlined in our written response to the FDA, which was posted earlier this morning to altria.com.
With that, let's move now to our operating results. The smokeable products segment performed in line with our expectations. While adjusted operating companies income in the third quarter was essentially flat from the prior year, PM USA continues to make progress, stabilizing Marlboro's share through investments in the brand's equity. Marlboro's retail share decreased 0.1 of a share point in the third quarter to 43.1% but is unchanged from its fourth quarter 2017 share. Billy will provide additional detail on our brand equity investments in a minute.
Next, the smokeless products segment delivered adjusted operating companies income growth of 7% in the third quarter largely driven by strong net price realization. USSTC's total smokeless share grew 0.1 of a share point in the third quarter to 54.1%. On a combined basis, Copenhagen and Skoal share was unchanged in the third quarter at 50.7% and was up 0.3 from the fourth quarter of 2017. In heated tobacco, PM USA's initial lead market plans are for iQOS are ready, and we remain hopeful for FDA authorization by year-end.
So in summary, we remain confident in our ability to deliver long-term value to shareholders by maximizing our core tobacco businesses, pursuing innovative reduced-risk products and responsibly leading our industry forward through tobacco harm reduction. We believe our year-to-date performance positions us well to deliver on our full year plans. As a result, we are tightening our guidance, raising the lower end of our full year 2018 adjusted diluted EPS guidance to $3.95 for a revised range of $3.95 to $4.03, representing a growth rate of 16.5% to 19% from the 2017 base.
I'll now turn it over to Billy to provide more detail on our quarterly performance.

Yes. I mean, I think the way we thought about this was that we believe e-vapor has a lot of opportunity to convert adult cigarette smokers in the short, medium and long term. But clearly, this significant increase in youth usage of the products puts that at risk, and we think rapid and significant action is necessary. And I think as we looked at the data that is available and some of the remarks from the FDA, I think we concluded that the driver of the recent increase, we think is pod-based products and in flavored products. And so we thought that the 2 actions that we took addressed the drivers of the increased youth usage here in the short run. And then of course, our decision to support a minimum age to purchase going forward at the federal level of 21, we think also can help address this issue. Because the data we've seen from the PATH study shows that the primary source of youth access to these e-vapor products is social access, and we think if the minimum age to purchase is raised to 21 should have a significant impact on that.

And Michael, specifically on Points West, which I know is only available in Texas, so you might not have seen it, essentially, it's a program that drives up engagement between Marlboro consumers and our digital resources where they can scan or enter unique codes on their pack in order to earn rewards. And we found that it significantly increased consumer engagement with marlboro.com. And of course, we're going to broaden that to national availability next year, which we think is a big step forward for the engagement with our digital assets.

You're exactly right, it's not branded merchandise the way it might have been a couple of decades ago. It includes -- we'll make charitable contributions on the behalf of the consumer or they can get a variety of digital rewards, whether it's digital cards or movie passes or those kinds of things. It's a much lower cost way to do it if you use more of a digital approach.

And if I address your question on how we feel about Marlboro performance in the cigarette category, and I would tell you that we are very pleased with the performance across our portfolio in the cigarette category. And I think that we feel that our investments have generated quite nice outcomes this year. And I might refer you to kind of the long-term performance in the PM USA portfolio, and I'll take you back to 2011 before the launch of the Marlboro architecture and compare it to the first 9 months of 2018. Marlboro's up 0.4 of a share point. The Altria Group share in the discount category is up and 1.5 share points. And the total discount category is down 0.6 of a share point. And of course both Marlboro and our discount brand, L&M, are at much higher margins in 2018 than they were in 2011. So even though there's a little bit of movement, 0.1 point or 0.2 points, this year compared to last year, we tend to manage for the long term and feel very good about the performance of the cigarette business.

Yes. I think you're right. What we announced is that we're going to withdraw those products either until we file a PMTA or until FDA takes other action to address youth usage. And that means that 1 path to get those products or new pod-based products on the market for us is to file a PMTA. I don't know that we're in a positon to announce when we expect to file that today. But we really feel like in light of this dramatic increase in youth usage, withdrawing those products until the PMTA is filed is 1 path forward.

Sure. You're right, the adjusted cigarette industry volume on a year-over-year basis was down 4.5%, and our adjusted cigarette volumes were down 5%. I think that is literally just a little bit further decline because on a year-over-year basis, our share was down a bit. But I would point out that our share has been stable since fourth quarter of this year, and we really feel now that we've lapped the impact of the California State excise tax increase that Marlboro's performance is stable and quite satisfying.

Sure. I think that we continue to have ample evidence that price elasticities have not changed. And you are right that with the exception of the California excise tax increase, which was significant, even the more recent state excise tax increases have not been out of line with the excise tax increases we had in the deep history. So I think it is less -- again, setting aside California, it is less increased price elasticity action that is causing the 4.5% decline in the category. And I think it's really, it's a bit of a tick-up in the secular decline here over the last quarter, and I think it's related partially to movement into the e-vapor category.

We have not. We met with them last week, and we really spent our time talking about our perspective on how to address the issue. And we briefed them on the actions that, at that time, we were considering. And since then we firmed them up and announced them this morning. We really don't have any visibility into competitor actions or, frankly, what the FDA will ultimately decide to do ultimately.

Yes, I would characterize it as stable. I mean if you look at it, it has been stabilizing since the third quarter of last year. And I wouldn't draw any alarm from the fact that it was down at 10x sequential basis. I think that the share trend is stabilized. And we feel good about the investments we're going to make in the brand going forward.

Yes. I don't know that I'd agree with that. I think that we've been pretty happy with stable performance. And in a business where we're trying to maximize our profitability, I think we're pretty comfortable with stability, and I don't think that we're trying to significantly grow Marlboro's share going forward. And frankly, I think that we did have a bit of stepped-up investment in Marlboro, among many other things, particularly on the equity side, but we don't feel like an increase in Marlboro investment going forward is necessary to retain that stability.

Yes. I think I can confirm what we said at the Barclays conference, which is that we are exploring opportunities in the category. And we acknowledge that it is currently federally illegal in the U.S., but I think we think it's worth exploring the category because that might change in the future. And I'll hold back on explaining in more detail kind of how we view the category because we're relatively early in our exploration.

Sure. I think you are right that, I would say over the last 2 years, the wine business has gone through some choppy water. First of all, what had been a nice long-term growth rate slowed down. And then secondly, there had been very nice growth in the premium end of the wine business, which was $7 and above, which was where Ste. Michelle had a strong position. And essentially, the strong growth rates actually moved from $7 and above to $10 and above. And as a result of that, I think not only our business but many of the other wine businesses are investing to reposition their portfolios to respond to that consumer activity. And that's part of what drove weaker performance this year than we've had in the long-term past. We are confident that the wine team is increasing investment and innovation in the $10-above category, so we think we'll get the performance strengthened next year. But it is clearly not the same favorable category dynamics that we saw 2 or 3 years ago. I would also tell you that with regard to the wine business, it's a nice business for us. Historically it's been a nice contributor to our growth, but we do view it as a noncore business where we're not going to make significant investments to add to that portfolio.

Yes. I think what I said was I was hopeful that it would be approved by the end of the year. I have to tell you that, as you know, I've been rather patient knowing that the FDA is reviewing this heated tobacco application in a category that's relatively new to them. But I really feel like given the strength of the PMI application and the passage of time that the answer should be due here in the near term. But of course, as you know, we're already beyond sort of the guidance the FDA gave and how quickly they've responded. So I think it's really hard to pin down exactly when that would come out. But it wouldn't surprise me at all if it came out between now and the end of the year. I think that the passage of time says that it's got to be getting ready to get an answer. We have not gotten any specific information from the FDA that something would come out in the near term, but I wouldn't necessarily expect that. Normally, when FDA is getting ready to act, you hear about it because they tell you a definitive response.

Yes. That probably has a small impact given the price elasticity impact to pricing, but I think it's probably a short-term elevation of the secular decline rate that's probably the bigger driver of it being 4.5% rather than the 3% to 4%. But I think you do point out something that I think is, and that I believe, which is that I think we have a number of levers to pull in order to continue to drive nice business performance from PM USA even if this elevated decline rate of the category persists for a few more quarters or into the future.

Sure. I have to tell you, we had a good meeting with the FDA last week, and I think we spent quite a bit of time talking about the actions that we were thinking about taking. But I don't know that we have any deeper perspective on what the FDA is ultimately going to do than I think the rest of the community has in listening to the pretty significant comments that FDA has made. So I don't know that we know exactly what actions they're going to take. I would tell you that I am convinced that they are going to take action to address the increase in youth usage and drive it down. I'm not sure exactly how, but I think they're committed to doing that. And frankly the actions we took were the actions that we thought we could take that would have the biggest impact on addressing the increased use of e-vapor products by youth. Because we think that the long-term opportunity that e-vapor products present to converting adult cigarette smokers is potentially at risk if we don't address this youth issue. And we wanted to make a significant contribution to addressing the issue, and I think FDA is going to help address it as well.

Sure. I don't think I gave an estimate of the actual numerical contribution of increased growth of e-vapor to the decline rate in cigarettes. But I would agree with you that I think that as you look at the decline rate of 4.5%, which is outside the 3% or 4% long-term range, I do think that probably 2 of the drivers of that are cigarette smokers increasingly trying e-vapor, and now, I think also probably the increasing gas prices most recently is probably another contributor. I think it's hard to tell how long it's going to persist. What we do know is that the stepped-up growth in e-vapor has been with us for the last, at least 4 quarters, and over those 4 quarters, the rate of decline has been about 4.5%. But we also know that both gas prices and growth in e-vapor has been with us before, and then it significantly moderated. And I think that's had impact on the decline rate of the cigarette category. So I think we're going to have and to wait and see what happens with both gas prices on a relative basis and whether or not the growth rate of e-vapor slows down.

Yes. We shared the data we did on the discount category because it's been the subject of a lot of discussion over the last 3 or 4 months, and I felt like some of our investors felt like there was something to be alarmed about. I have to tell you, we don't feel there's anything to be alarmed about, and we provided this data to reinforce that belief. And I would just point out that over the last 3 periods, '16, '17 and '18 year-to-date, the overall discount category has been stable, and it's much lower than it has been for the last 5 or 6 or 7 years. When you think about a consumer package goods category that has those kinds of discount fundamentals, that's a really good trend, in my opinion. Now I know it's a little bit complicated because you've seen the deep discount portion of that up maybe a little more than 1 share point since 2011, 2012, and I think that was causing a bit of alarm from some folks. But I have to tell you, when you look at the fact that gas prices are back above year ago levels, and I don't think that given the strong economy that most adult cigarette consumers are at all impacted and their brand choice because of that. But there is a relatively small group of consumers that when it costs them $10 more to gas up their car, they may very well be deciding to go in and save by buying deep discount rather than branded discount. And given the nice margin expansion we've had on branded discount and the fact that discount doesn't seem to be interacting with premium, we think that's a natural outcome of the environment, and we don't find it alarming, and we don't feel a need to invest to try and address it.

Yes, go ahead, Billy.

Yes, our action results in us removing for our pod products, we're going to remove the whole branded pod business. With regard to our cig-alike products, most of our volume is in tobacco-flavored menthol or mint products, which we think are particularly appealing to adult cigarette smokers that are moving into our cig-alike e-vapor products. Those will stay on the market. And then we had other flavors that were not brown or green, I guess you would say, that we're going to remove pending a PMTA or other action that addresses the youth increase in e-vapor.

Yes, our announcement is a set of actions that we came in to the FDA contemplating. And I think when we met with FDA, when we emerged from the meeting, we were more certain that this was the right thing to do. But I think if there's any further reaction on the part of the FDA, we'll certainly take a look at whether or not there's more we should do. But we felt like this was a good first step.

Yes. I don't know that I think about it that way. I think we feel -- we make a variety of decisions around promotional investments, pricing and equity investments in any given year. And I think that our focus is on always maintaining 4 elements with regard to Marlboro: we want to make sure we have stable overall share; we want to make sure we continue to have a strong equity; we want to make sure that we have good demographics; and we want to grow the profitability. And we feel like we're having success against those 4 things next year, and we think we're well equipped to do that in the future. I think the question about the brand equity, I think you can always cut brand equity in the short run to save money. But in the long run, it catches up with you. So we feel like the long-term approach we've had with Marlboro makes sense, and we feel like it's well positioned to be able to deliver against that in the future.

I would also tell you, Adam, that when you look at, for instance, some of our other premium brands like Virginia Slims or Parliament, I think we are at the stage where we have a very loyal core smoker base that chooses those brands. And I think that's part of the reason why you s might see a moderation in the decline rate.

Yes. I have to tell you that we are primarily focused on our premium portfolio, and I think that what would concern us would be a dramatic increase in growth of the overall discount category that would impact our premium brands. I think if the trend growth of deep discount continued to grow a bit more, I think as long as our Marlboro portfolio is performing well, and we were getting the kind of profit growth we wanted, I don't think that would be particularly alarming. In the past, we have had quite nice business performance at PM USA with a discount share that's significantly lower than today. So we know that formula works. Although I have to tell you that I am delighted, and this is a shout-out to the L&M brand management team, I'm delighted with the success we've had with L&M. Over the last 5 or 6 years, it's got strong equity. But one of the reasons I'm delighted about it is not only has it grown its share and grown its margin, but it's done it, in my opinion, without taking share away from Marlboro.

I think the way we'll measure it is we will distinguish between our cigarette volume and cigarette share versus our HeatSticks volume and share. So we'll provide clarity as to which is Heated Tobacco Products versus traditional cigarettes.

No, I don't think it needs an entirely new PMTA. I think we believe that we can bridge the information in the original application to the new product, particularly given that some of the changes between the current device and HeatSticks versus the one that we filed on, they don't tend to change the vapor. It's just a better piece of hardware. And we are working with PMI on doing that bridging work, and we'll file that when we get that done.

Sure. The products in the tobacco category that are regulated by the Food and Drug Administration require the manufacturers of certain products to make payments to fund the cost of FDA regulation. And I think because the initial set of products was on the minds when the legislation was passed, even though there are now significant numbers of e-vapor products on the market, they do not pay into the FDA to support the cost of regulation. And we think as long as we're opening up the legislation, it's time to update that and have everybody pay their fair share.

Yes. I would tell you that I know that whatever action the FDA takes is going to be based on science and evidence and data, and it was not intuitive to me when he talked about taking the products out of convenience stores. But I'm reserving judgment here until we understand what data he has. And I think there's been a lot said, and from that I have concluded that the FDA is going to take action to address this youth epidemic. But I think we're going to have to wait until they communicate their comprehensive plan to really understand exactly what they're going to do.