Thanks, Mac, and good morning, everyone. We are in the midst of a remarkable transformation within the tobacco industry. Once predictable, the industry has become increasingly dynamic and complex. And while this evolution may pose short-term challenges, we believe tobacco harm reduction is a significant opportunity for the industry and adult tobacco consumers. We believe that in the next decade, noncombustible products can surpass combustibles as the preferred choice among adult tobacco consumers. We intend to lead this historic transformation with our unmatched portfolio of noncombustible products and investments. 
Before moving to our strong third quarter performance, I'd like to provide you with our perspective on Altria's strategy and the key noncombustible platforms. Over the last 2 years, we believe we've built a business platform with the ability to deliver strong long-term results across a variety of future industry scenarios. We understood that no single product would likely satisfy all adult smokers looking for alternatives, and that the regulatory environment for noncombustible products would continue to evolve. We assessed our portfolio and believe that we have addressed gaps with investments in e-vapor and oral nicotine pouches as well as an adjacent investment in cannabis. Today, we believe we have the strongest portfolio across multiple tobacco platforms and are well positioned for future growth in a rapidly evolving U.S. tobacco industry. 
Turning to the key noncombustible platforms, the e-vapor category faces a critical inflection point. We must address underage use, while also preserving options for the more than 20 million adult smokers who are interested in less harmful tobacco products. We continue to believe that raising the legal minimum age to purchase all tobacco products to 21 at the federal and state levels is the most effective action to reverse the rise in youth vaping. Today, more than 50% of the U.S. population is governed by Tobacco 21 laws. And while there is strong momentum behind this change, more activity is required from the federal government and remaining states to enact Tobacco 21 laws nationally. 
We also [ urge ] swift action from the FDA and other public health authorities to take the appropriate actions regarding flavored e-vapor products and to identify the sources of the recent vaping injuries. We believe that these actions could reset the course for the e-vapor category and preserve its long-term potential for harm reduction. 
We are also excited about the opportunity that heated tobacco presents to adult smokers. Based on third-party research, approximately 40% of U.S. adult smokers have tried but ultimately rejected e-vapor products. We believe heated tobacco could be an appealing alternative for these adult smokers. Unlike e-vapor products, these systems contain real tobacco and offer a sensorial experience closer to that of traditional cigarettes. The IQOS heated tobacco system is the first and only heated tobacco product that's received premarket authorization from the FDA, and it also has a pending MRTP application. We believe that heated tobacco systems and IQOS specifically, are well positioned to meet the preferences of adult smokers who are looking for, but have not found, a satisfying alternative to cigarettes. 
Finally, we believe that oral tobacco can provide a compelling alternative for adult smokers. In moist smokeless tobacco, we filed a modified risk application with the FDA for Copenhagen Snuff based on decades of available science. Additionally, we have invested in the rapidly growing oral nicotine pouch segment, which offers adult tobacco consumers convenient nicotine satisfaction. Ultimately, the adult tobacco consumer and the regulatory framework will dictate which categories grow and at what pace. 
We believe our broad portfolio, investments and leading capabilities position us to win in multiple future scenarios. 
Turning to third quarter performance, Altria continued to deliver excellent results driven by our core tobacco businesses. We grew adjusted diluted earnings per share over 10% in the third quarter, with both of our core tobacco segments delivering double-digit adjusted operating company's income growth, expanding their adjusted operating company's income margins and maintaining momentum on their leading premium brands. 
The smokable products segment delivered another remarkable quarter, growing its third quarter adjusted operating company's income 12.6% and increasing its year-to-date adjusted operating company's income growth to 8.1%. Higher pricing and the impact of our cost reduction efforts more than offset lower cigarette volumes to drive income growth in both the third quarter and the first 9 months. PM USA is pleased with Marlboro's performance with 8 consecutive quarters of stability since the end of 2017. In discount, L&M is performing in line with expectations, and we are pleased with its increased profitability over time. We believe discount category dynamics continue to primarily reflect the churn between branded discount and deep discount offerings. 
Overall discount category retail share was flat sequentially in the quarter at 24.2% and remains in line with historical share levels. We estimate that U.S. cigarette industry volumes declined by 5.5% in the third quarter and first 9 months when adjusted for trade inventory movements, calendar differences and other factors. We continue to believe that increased adult smoker movement to e-vapor and high levels of exclusive e-vapor category usage were the primary drivers of the accelerated decline rate over the past year. 
Based on our 12-month moving data, we estimate there are now 12.6 million adult vapers 21-plus as of September 2019, up from 10.3 million at the end of 2018. Importantly, that growth trend coincides with a trend toward more exclusive usage in the category. 
According to our adult consumer tracking data, we estimate that 6 million adults 21-plus vape and do not smoke as of September 2019, which is the highest number of exclusive users since our study began in 2014. Adult tobacco consumer movement across tobacco spaces remains highly dynamic, and we will continue to monitor these trends. 
Over the past 12 months, U.S. cigarette industry volumes declined by an estimated 5.5% when adjusted for trade inventory movements, calendar differences and other factors. We reaffirm our full year 2019 U.S. cigarette industry adjusted volume decline estimate of 5% to 6%. We also maintained our 4% to 6% adjusted decline rate estimates through 2023 until more information is known about how adult tobacco consumers will respond to e-vapor category dynamics including regulation and legislative developments. 
Turning to our smokeless products segment results. USSTC is successfully executing against its strategy of maximizing income while maintaining momentum on Copenhagen over time. The smokeless products segment continued its strong 2019 performance, growing its adjusted operating company's income by 10.2% in the third quarter, and 9.7% for the first 9 months of 2019. Copenhagen's category-leading retail share was 24.7% for the third quarter, up 0.1 sequentially and up 0.2 versus the year-ago quarter. USSTC's smokeless volumes decreased an estimated 3% in the first 9 months of the year, when adjusted for trade inventory movements and calendar differences. In the last 6 months, smokeless industry volume decreased by an estimated 1.5%. We believe these declines reflect increasing adult tobacco consumer interest in both e-vapor products and oral nicotine pouches. 
In e-vapor, we participate in the category through our 35% economic investment in JUUL. We made the investment based on our belief that JUUL's product development strength, early signs of brand equity and potential to convert adult smokers set it apart from all other e-vapor products in the market. We also believed that the investment would enhance Altria's growing portfolio of noncombustible product offerings. Given the dramatic shifts in the current e-vapor regulatory and marketplace environments, we have revised our transaction assumptions. In preparing our financials this quarter, we performed a valuation analysis on our JUUL investment, which considered multiple regulatory and marketplace scenarios. 
In aggregate, we're now projecting lower e-vapor category volumes in the U.S. versus our original estimates, which resulted in a third quarter noncash impairment charge of $4.5 billion related to our JUUL investment. Also factoring into this determination were other changes to our original assumptions. For example, we expect it may take longer for JUUL to realize the strong margin performance that we previously communicated. We've also revised our estimates of JUUL's international business due to recent market developments. 
Despite this impairment charge, we remain committed to JUUL's success. We are pleased with the recent decisions by JUUL to change leadership and we are optimistic about JUUL's focus and prioritization in key areas, such as establishing industry-leading responsible practices and pursuing regulatory authorization of their products. 
Finally, regarding antitrust clearance, we've certified substantial compliance with the FTC's second request, and we expect a resolution in the first quarter of next year. 
Turning to heated tobacco, PM USA is executing a robust marketing strategy for IQOS in the Atlanta lead market. The first U.S. IQOS store opened in September and has since been supplemented by additional retail touch points, including a mobile pop-up unit and IQOS corners located within select stores. We've also recently opened a second IQOS boutique in the Mall of Georgia. Of course, responsible marketing is the foundation for all our consumer interactions. IQOS is intended only for adult smokers and IQOS boutique entrants must be 21 or older. 
The performance of IQOS in Atlanta and other lead markets will be an important input to our future commercialization plan for the brand. The primary goals of the lead markets are to determine how best to communicate with adult smokers and how to scale our efforts. PMI's MRTP application for IQOS remains pending with the FDA, and we are optimistic about the prospects of IQOS receiving this modified risk authorization. Additionally, we are encouraged that the FDA's draft PMTA rules include a special pathway for technological changes to previously authorized products, which could support bringing newer versions of the IQOS device to market. 
Finally, we are excited to announce that IQOS will be expanding to Richmond, Virginia beginning next month, with an IQOS store opening in the Carytown District. Altria has a sizable employee base in Richmond and deep connections with the community that could accelerate early adoption of IQOS. We also anticipate distributing heat sticks to approximately 150 retail outlets within the area and deploying a similar marketing strategy as the Atlanta lead market. We are pleased to expand IQOS availability as an alternative to adult smokers and look forward to sharing more details in the future. 
In oral nicotine pouches, we are pleased to announce that the on! transaction closed during the third quarter. Now that the transaction is complete, we'd like to update you on our plans to pursue leadership in this new and fast-growing category. We are focused on engaging adult tobacco consumers through both traditional retail and digital experiences. We launched a premium branded website for on!, where age-restricted adult tobacco consumers can explore the brand and will soon be able to purchase the product online. We expect to begin production of on! in our Richmond manufacturing center beginning first quarter next year. In 2020, we are targeting annualized capacity of 50 million cans by midyear and 75 million cans by year-end with additional capacity available, if necessary. 
In addition, our strong regulatory affairs team is preparing PMTAs for the on! portfolio for the May 2020 deadline. As a reminder, Altria owns 80% of the Helix Innovations joint venture that will commercialize on! globally. on! has a product portfolio consisting of 35 unique SKUs, 7 flavor varieties across 5 nicotine strengths. We believe the breadth of nicotine strengths and flavors is a tremendous competitive advantage, as both adult smokers and dippers can find satisfying options within the on! portfolio. 
As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we continue to believe the evolution of the tobacco industry represents a significant opportunity for Altria. We've marked major milestones in our transformation journey this year, including launching IQOS and completing the on! transaction. We believe that with current adult smoker trends and e-vapor disruption, it's an opportune time to expand the availability of these options. We believe that incremental investment behind our noncombustible portfolio will best position Altria for long-term industry leadership. 
In light of these considerations, we are replacing our long-term adjusted diluted EPS growth aspiration of 7% to 9%, with a compounded annual adjusted diluted EPS growth objective of 5% to 8% for the years 2020 through 2022. We believe this new growth objective provides us the flexibility to make investments in noncombustible offerings for the long term, generate sustainable income growth in our core tobacco businesses and return cash to shareholders through a strong dividend. We also expect to maintain our dividend payout ratio target of approximately 80% of adjusted diluted EPS during this period. We will provide specific full year 2020 adjusted diluted EPS guidance in January when we announce our fourth quarter 2019 results. 
Turning to 2019 earnings, we reaffirm our guidance for full year adjusted diluted EPS to be in a range of $4.19 to $4.27, representing a growth rate of 5% to 7% from an adjusted diluted EPS base of $3.99 in 2018. Altria's 2019 success to date can be attributed to our resilient core tobacco businesses and our talented employees. Our employee base has embraced industry disruption with focus and dedication. Our business results show what I see every day that our people propel our success, and I thank them for that. 
I'll now turn it over to Billy to provide more detail on our performance in other investments.

Sure. I think, first of all, our current midterm cigarette volume decline estimate remains the same at 4% to 6%. Although, certainly, as we indicated before, if the environment changes our view of that, we would update you on that in the future. 
I think there are a variety of reasons why we replaced our 7% to 9% EPS growth with a 5% to 8% EPS growth through 2022, two that I think are worthy of calling out. First of all, I think it gives us flexibility to increase our investment over the next couple of years in expanding both IQOS and on! at a time that, I think, that adult tobacco consumers would be particularly interested in those products and we could build a strong business that would contribute to EPS growth over the long term. 
The second thing is that while we don't yet have the final FDA guidance on e-vapor, there is certainly the possibility that the e-vapor category could see its growth rate significantly slowed down or even see the category contract in relation to that FDA guidance. And the 5% to 8% EPS growth gives us the opportunity, if necessary, to push out some of the contributions from JUUL that we expected on our equity income line beyond next year.

Sure. I'll take the first question, and then I'll ask Billy to comment on the second one. Our expectations for cigarette industry volume declines this year are between 5% and 6%, and we're right at the midpoint of that 9 months through the year. So we remain confident that the decline rate will fall within that range. I think as you pointed out, the year-over-year growth rate of the e-vapor category in the third quarter slowed down a bit from the second quarter, but we don't think any impact that, that might have on the cigarette category is going to move us outside that range. Billy, why don't you comment on JUUL?

And Pamela, the primary drivers of the change in value of our investment in JUUL, as we laid out in the release, was that we reduced our expectations for overall e-vapor category volume growth over the next several years, and obviously, that impacted JUUL's volume. And we also expect that as JUUL responds to slowing volume in the e-vapor category and the likely impact of the FDA final guidance, it could push out, a year or 2, their ability to achieve the kind of margins that we talked about here in the U.S. I think probably the most important next set of information we're looking for is to see the FDA's final guidance and how consumers react to that.

Sure. Of course, we're not pleased to have to take an impairment charge on the JUUL investment. And certainly, while we had a range of scenarios when we made our investment in JUUL, we did not anticipate this dramatic a change in the e-vapor category. Certainly, the lung injury, I think, was something we had not predicted. And the pretty dramatic potential regulatory change that may occur next year, I think, was on the extreme end of what we might have expected. 
However, all that said, in the third quarter JUUL had a 48% share of the e-vapor category in the U.S. The category, at least through the 9 months of this year, was growing quite dramatically with JUUL as the primary driver of that growth. And so we continue to believe, first of all, the bold action to address usage of e-vapor products is appropriate, and we encourage bold action by FDA. But we also believe that JUUL is set up in the longer-term to continue to be the winner in e-vapor. And because of that, we continue to be supportive of JUUL's business and look forward to them working through the changes in the e-vapor category and being a contributor to our equity income line going forward.

Sure. Let me first dive into the question around the expected consistency we would have for our annual EPS growth between '20 and 2022. 
When we replaced our long-term objective with this 3-year objective, you'll notice we widened the range of EPS growth a bit. And I think that was by design. When we established our 7% to 9% EPS growth objective, it was at a time when volumes across the various tobacco categories in the U.S. were quite predictable. And there wasn't as much movement between categories. And it was also at a time when our SABMiller investment didn't have near the volatility that we have with the ABI investment. And so I think we really felt better having a 3% range for that midterm EPS growth objective. 
And I would also say that, I think many of you that have invested for a long time know that we had a 7% to 9% growth aspiration, but we tended to deliver about 8% each year. I think that -- we purposely, I think, want the flexibility to make higher or lower investments over each of the 3 years based on market conditions in the U.S. market. So you might see a little bit more movement within that range, and we were really looking to create that level of flexibility. 
I'll turn it over to Billy for the Marlboro question.

I'll comment first on our breaking off negotiations for a merger with PMI. I think as we communicated at the time, we thought that merger between PMI and Altria had the potential to generate significant revenue and cost synergies under the right terms. We did negotiate to try and come to terms, and ultimately, we were unsuccessful. And so as we communicated recently, we're now very focused on our stand-alone business prospects and continue to have a partnership with PMI that we're very excited about to commercialize IQOS in the U.S. 
With regard to the multiple that we ascribed to our core tobacco business, certainly people on the call are aware that the multiple that the stock price has ascribed to our overall business has come down quite dramatically over the last 3 years, I think, partially driven by concern about the regulatory pressures here in the U.S. We continue to believe that our stock is undervalued. And when we look at the 5% to 8% midterm EPS growth guidance, the ability to build a strong platform of noncombustible tobacco products, to continue to generate income over the long-term and our strong core combustible and smokeless tobacco business, we think that the stock price has significant upside.

One thing I might add to that is back when we were debating what to do with the SABMiller stake, one of the concerns we had was that given its low tax basis, any sale at that time would have resulted in quite a significant tax bill. And as you may recall, with the federal tax reform here in the U.S., I think that while we still continue to have a relatively low basis on that asset, I think that we're facing a much lower tax rate if we ever did decide to sell that in the future.

And Vivien, this is Howard. What I might add is that certainly, we don't have the final FDA guidance on its impact on e-vapor. But I think that there's a reasonable possibility that, that's going to cause a slowdown in the e-vapor category growth. And of course, that will cause some of the adult cigarette smokers that otherwise might have gone to e-vapor to evaluate that decision probably differently. We'd like to have quite robust offerings on IQOS and on! available for them. But certainly, that could have an impact on the historical decline rate for cigarettes. 
And then I would also point out that we've had quite rapid growth in the e-vapor category, starting in the third and fourth quarter of last year and through the first 3 quarters of this year. But that growth rate on a year-over-year basis had been slowing down. And I think given that there are not new e-vapor products coming into the marketplace, at least until FDA authorizations take place, we would expect that there would be a natural slowing down in the growth of e-vapor here over the next year or 2. And certainly, that's what happened when IQOS was introduced in Japan. And so I think you also have to factor that into the calculation.

Sure. So we have not communicated a time line for when IQOS would be profit positive. And we really feel like at this point, it's a bit premature. I think we are going to learn a lot about the most efficient way to scale IQOS in markets across the country. And I think based on that learning, we'll have a much better understanding of what the cost structure would be going forward. And I would say that you are right, that our level of spending in the Atlanta market is probably higher than it will be on a market basis going forward. But Atlanta is really designed for us to try a broad spectrum of tools to create awareness, trial and purchase of IQOS. And then based on that learnings, we'll design a more efficient, less costly plan to expand it around the country. 
And I think that, that means that it may take us a few more months to start expanding it, but we think that the benefit we'll get in efficiency and ability to scale a winning platform is well worth it.

Yes, I think the primary driver of our ultimate national rollout strategy and the tactics we use to cost effectively drive consumer trial awareness and purchase, the primary driver of that is going to be the results in Atlanta and now Richmond. 
We had enough time to revisit, revise and improve the Atlanta promotional plan several times, so we feel quite good about it. But we have no doubt that we're going to learn things in Atlanta that allow us to be much more efficient as we roll it out nationally. 
But I would say also that given the likelihood that there's going to be some disruption in the e-vapor market, we also wanted to step up the speed with which we would expand IQOS. So while we are going to learn how to best expand it nationally, we have also set aside the resources now with our 5% to 8% EPS guidance to ramp that up much more quickly on a national basis, once we do learn probably from Atlanta.

Yes, I won't get ahead of ourselves on guidance for next year. Certainly, as I said, I think that our learnings in the Atlanta test market are going to inform the plan we have for expanding IQOS, and we'll have similar learnings on on!, which will also inform it. Although I have to tell you that we think that the new midterm EPS growth guidance range gives us a lot of flexibility for a variety of scenarios. But ultimately, I'll leave that for January. 
I do want to follow-up, I think I failed to answer one part of your question earlier, Michael, which is you are right that in Atlanta, in order to encourage adult cigarette smokers to purchase the device, we are offering quite a competitive price on a bundle that includes the device and HeatSticks, and that is a promotion that we're incurring the cost for. But when you look at somebody who purchases that bundle and then converts to IQOS over the course of a year, it's a relatively small investment for the significant income stream that creates.

Yes, one of the real benefits of our participation in the Nicotine pouch category with on! is that we think after a period of initial investment to build the business. We think that the margins on on! are likely to be similar to the, kind of, margins we have in the smokeless tobacco business. It shares many of the same manufacturing characteristics that we've developed on smokeless tobacco. So that could be a very high profit business going forward.

So our intention with that is that the base year would be 2019 and that the CAGR between 2019 and 2022 would be between 5% and 8%.

Sure. I won't get into the details within the quarter. But I think as you looked at that trend, obviously, we had a 5.5% cigarette category decline rate down from 6% in the second quarter. And certainly, when you look at the sequential growth of e-vapor, instead of ticking up sequentially in the third quarter, it was largely flat from the second quarter. So I think we'll see what happens in the fourth quarter. But I think the fourth quarter impact on e-vapor, which might have some impact on cigarettes, is likely to be based on what happens in the regulatory environment.

I think it's fairly early days on some of those state actions and some of them, I think, have been held up with court challenges. So I think we'll have a much better read on that in the fourth quarter.

Sure. When I referenced the fact that we had changed and improved our IQOS marketing strategy, I was really referring to the fact that we were ready to launch more than a year ago. And because the authorization of the product took longer than we had expected, our marketing team has been meeting with PMI, learning from their experiences overseas and making adjustments to improve the marketing plan. 
I would say that we really haven't made significant changes versus our original launch plan, since the product was placed in the market. And I think that's largely because it's really only been 4 to 6 weeks since the launch of the product. And I think it's too soon. We'll probably learn more over the next 2 to 3 months that will cause us to fine-tune the strategy. But I was really referring to prelaunch changes and improvements rather than post launch.

Our biggest focus for the next 3 months or so is to measure our ability to drive awareness of the product in Atlanta, to drive trial and then ultimately to deliver purchase and conversion. I think at this stage, we're less focused on market share, and we're more focused on some of those earlier precursors to generating market share in the market.

Yes, I'm going to hesitate to comment on that. I think that's really what we're interested in learning from the Atlanta market. What I would say is that certainly the biggest success that IQOS has had is in Japan. And I don't expect that we'll achieve those levels, although that's what we're going to try and learn in Atlanta. But I do believe that when you compare to some of the PMI experiences in Western Europe, I do think we have an advantage in that we have fairly large convenience stores with modern retail, and it really provides a platform to billboard the product. And we also have quite good database resources to reach out to adult tobacco consumers. So I would say we are optimistic about the progress we can make in the U.S. versus some of PMI's markets, but I'll hesitate to make a speculation.

Sure. The primary driver of the adjustment we made in the JUUL international business valuation was more driven by the overall e-vapor category situation in various countries. It was not related to individual country performance based on JUUL's early launch results. And I have to say that it's now in many, many countries. But I would say it's still quite early to assess which countries it's going to have a real success in. So it was more driven by the overall e-vapor category environment than it was specific JUUL performance.

Sure. If you go back 10 years and think about the first 5-year period of the last 10 years, we had very predictable and quite high EPS growth. And the primary driver of that was strong operating company's income growth from our MST business and from our combustible cigarette business. And the volume decline rate in cigarettes was quite consistent. And while we were making some investments in other categories, they really weren't having much of an impact on the decline rate of cigarettes. And that generated quite a predictable and quite a satisfying level of EPS growth. 
I think that we believe that at least over the next 3 or 4 years, you could have some variability in the decline rate of the cigarette category, as some of these noncombustible tobacco product categories are launched, are invested in and start to build a larger base business. And it could take -- over the next 3 years, it could take some time for the volume switching between categories to become more predictable. And certainly, we saw an accelerated decline in the cigarette category this year. But I would point out that it was -- the step-up in that decline was almost wholly driven by more rapid e-vapor category growth. So the good news for the long-term success of the cigarette industry in the U.S. is consumers in the U.S. are still interested in satisfying nicotine products. They're just finding a variety of different ways to satisfy their desire for satisfying nicotine products. 
I do believe that we will enter probably a more predictable phase here, maybe in the later part of the next 10 years, because I do think, eventually, we're going to get to the point where you've got larger and pretty well marketed noncombustible tobacco product platforms that would include heated tobacco. I think e-vapor will get through this short-term disruption and return to a more predictable path. And then, of course, oral tobacco, including oral tobacco-derived nicotine pouches are likely to also end up with a larger base business. So we think in the long term, the predictability and the profit growth that was provided largely by combustible cigarettes, that can be provided in the future, but it's likely to be from a portfolio of products that provide nicotine satisfaction. And we believe we built a very compelling set of brands in each of those key categories that should generate nice EPS growth over the longer term.

Sure. I think if changes in the e-vapor growth rate are going to have an impact on other categories, I think we're more likely to see it probably in the first quarter or second quarter of next year. And I think you are right to point out that if that growth rate changes or if the category goes through a decline next year, I would expect to see it potentially reflected in changing growth rates in combustible cigarettes, also moist smokeless tobacco. And you might also see a more favorable volume trend for IQOS and tobacco-derived nicotine pouches, driven by 2 things: if there's some e-vapor consumers that find their product of choice is no longer available, they may look to other product alternatives. And then a big driver of the growth of e-vapor this year was cigarette -- adult cigarette smokers, JUUL using and then moving to that category. If they're not moving to vapor anymore, they'll likely stay in cigarettes or move somewhere else.

Sure. Let me try and address your first question, and I'll have Billy comment on your second one. I think that our expectation is that the FDA is going to provide further information on their final guidance in the e-vapor category. And I think our expectation is that, that is going to impact flavored products in the e-vapor category. We don't have any indication that FDA is going to communicate in the near term here any further perspective on removing menthol cigarettes from the market. And that would require a completely different process that's really not underway at this point in order to support that. I really think our expectation is that in the next couple of months we're going to hear really about flavors in e-vapor.

Sure. I think that with the filing date for the PMTA's move from 2022 to May of next year, I think that creates a more challenging situation on both filing and filing approvable applications for all the e-vapor companies. 
However, I believe that JUUL is highly likely to end up filing a successful application and ultimately, having their products authorized because they have a significant amount of resources applied against that task. And I think that one of the benefits they have going for them is that within the e-vapor category the JUUL product, I think, has distinguished itself compared to other e-vapor products as having quite a significant success at convincing adult cigarette smokers to convert ultimately to exclusive use of e-vapor. And I think that's one of the things that the FDA is going to consider in debating whether or not to approve an application.

Jennifer, thanks for the question. I have to tell you that I'm probably the wrong person to answer that question. I'm aware of the same trends that you referenced when some of their flavors other than tobacco, menthol and mint were restricted in the marketplace. But given that we don't operate the JUUL business, I don't really have access to that kind of research. That's probably best directed to JUUL management.

Thank you. To close, we believe we are the best-positioned company to successfully navigate through the current tobacco environment. We have excellent profit growth and cash generation from our core tobacco businesses and we have built a diversified business platform of noncombustible products that can satisfy adult tobacco consumers and provide future profitability under many different future marketplace scenarios. 
Thanks again for joining us, and please contact our Investor Relations team if you have further questions.