Thanks, Mac. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. This is an exciting moment on our journey towards moving beyond smoking. Our tobacco businesses remained resilient during the first 9 months of the year, and we continue to reward shareholders while making investments in pursuit of our vision. 
We have deepened our consumer understanding, enhanced our capability and built the science to support smoker transition away from cigarettes. 
The tobacco harm reduction opportunity remains in front of us, and we continue to believe Altria is uniquely positioned to responsibly lead adult smokers to a smoke-free future. Our remarks this morning will focus on our progress to date and several exciting steps we have recently taken that we believe will accelerate our progress toward harm reduction. I will then turn it over to Sal, who will provide further details on our business and financial results. 
Let's begin with the heated tobacco category. Last week, we entered into an agreement with Philip Morris International, under which we will receive $2.7 billion in cash in exchange for assigning our exclusive U.S. commercialization rights to the IQOS system at the end of April 2024. We believe this agreement provides us with fair compensation and greater flexibility to allocate resources toward moving beyond smoking. The heated tobacco category is still undeveloped in the U.S., and we believe we can lead in this space supported by our robust infrastructure and deep understanding of the U.S. tobacco consumers. 
This morning, we announced the pursuit of a global smoke free partnership with JT Group. We signed a nonbinding memorandum of understanding with JT signifying the commitment of both parties towards further smoke-free collaboration. JT is a leading international tobacco company committed to investing and growing reduced risk products. We believe that together, Altria and JT can accelerate global harm reduction by collaborating on product development and global commercialization of smoke-free products. 
We believe this potential collaboration can leverage the strengths and resources of both companies to transition more smokers away from cigarettes. As a first step in this partnership, we announced the formation of Horizon Innovations, a joint venture between Altria and JT for the U.S. commercialization of heated tobacco stick or HTS products. We believe that HTS products can appeal to certain smokers as they provide a more familiar, tactile and sensorial experience to cigarettes. 
Under the terms of the JV, both parties will combine their scientific and regulatory expertise to jointly prepare PMTA filings for the latest version of the Ploom HTS products which are not yet commercially available. The parties expect to file a PMTA in the first half of 2025. Upon authorization, Horizon will become the exclusive entity through which the parties market and commercialize stick products in the U.S. 
JTI will supply Ploom Heated Tobacco Stick devices.  And PM USA will manufacture Marlboro HTS consumables for U.S. commercialization. The parties have agreed to commercialization milestones for Horizon, which include distribution requirements and minimal levels of cumulative marketing investment. 
Under the financial terms of the JT, PM USA has a 75% economic interest in Horizon with JTI having 25%. We're excited about the prospect of introducing the latest version of Ploom HTS products to U.S. smokers. JT has demonstrated success innovating in the heated tobacco space. For example, JT launched Ploom X last year in Japan. And since its introduction, JT's doubled its share of the Japanese HTS segment. JT estimates that there are more than 1 million Ploom X consumers. And according to their research, these consumers perceive Ploom X as a stylish, credible and unique brand. 
Consumers also describe the product as easy to use. We look forward to bringing the newest version of this exciting product to U.S. smokers. We have discussed our increased focus and investment on an internal wholly owned heated tobacco product development. Our approach puts the consumer at the center of everything that we do. We receive more data on their preferences, purchasing patterns and friction points than we ever have. 
Additionally, we embedded our regulatory sciences team early in the process to align our product development efforts with FDA expectations. We believe these efforts are building a promising pipeline of wholly owned heated tobacco products and intellectual property consisting of heated tobacco capsule or HTC formats and new-to-market technologies. We believe capsule products can appeal to smokers who are open to novel, smoke-free products but have not yet found a satisfying alternative to cigarettes. This audience includes the millions of U.S. smokers who tried but ultimately rejected e-vapor products. 
We expect to finalize the design of our first capsule product by the end of this year, and we expect to follow PMTA by the end of 2024. We also expect to partner with JT to launch this product in an international test market using JT's sales and distribution network. We plan to share more on this product platform once the design is finalized. 
We believe moving beyond smoking in the U.S. requires multiple FDA-authorized products within a smoke-free category to appeal to a diverse range of smokers and help them transition away from cigarettes. We believe that our pipeline of heated tobacco products and partnership with JT combined with the internal capabilities I described earlier, positions us well to increase adoption of smoke-free products for the millions of smokers interested in these products. 
Let's now move to the e-vapor category. In the third quarter, total estimated e-vapor volumes declined by 4% versus a year ago and were flat sequentially. we believe the regulatory uncertainty related to JUUL caused market disruptions in the quarter, and we observed a reduction in JUUL purchases throughout the supply chain. We previously disclosed that we have exercised our option to be released from our noncompete obligations related to our JUUL investment. While we retain our 35% economic stake in JUUL, we're exploring all options to build an FDA-authorized portfolio of e-vapor products that will help smokers transition away from cigarettes. 
For example, our teams are conducting consumer research, performing external scans and evaluating internal product development options. We're excited about the opportunity to increase our participation in the largest smoke-free category in the U.S. Turning to oral tobacco. We remain encouraged by the growth of novel oral tobacco products, which grew its share of the total oral tobacco category for the 18th consecutive quarter. The category grew 6.5 share points year-over-year and now represents approximately 23% of the overall oral tobacco category. 
In the third quarter, on! reported shipment volume increased nearly 70% to 21 million cans. And on! retail share increased 0.3 sequentially reaching 5.2 share points of the oral tobacco category in the third quarter. We believe these strong results were driven by increased brand awareness and adoption of on!, supported by continued equity and promotional investment. 
Building on its second quarter launch of the [ carry on! ] brand equity campaign, Helix recently introduced on! Rewards, a digital program that enables on! consumers to track the rewards balance online and redeem their points for coupons or other items. We're excited about on!'s continued momentum, increasing brand loyalty and the opportunity for future growth. 
Let's now turn to our view of the regulatory environment. We continue to believe that more should be done to advance harm reduction in the U.S. and that the FDA should move more deliberately toward creating a market of authorized smoke-free products to help accelerate smoker transition away from cigarettes. The fact remains that today, only a small percentage of e-vapor volume has been authorized and no oral nicotine pouch products have received market authorization. 
We believe collaboration and accountability from all stakeholders are required for this market transition to take place. We also believe that smoke-free products should serve as an offering for smokers, not an on ramp for youth users. We remain encouraged that youth smoking rates in the U.S. are at the lowest levels ever recorded. 
In fact, the latest Monitoring The Future study estimated that in 2021, the combined past 30-day smoking rates among 8th, 10th and 12th graders was 2.3%, a nearly 92% reduction from its 1997 peak. Additionally, data from the 2022 National Youth Tobacco Survey indicate that while e-vapor usage remains high among middle and high schoolers, the levels were significantly lower than the peak observed in 2019. Per the 2022 NYTS survey, 50% of the middle and high school current e-vapor users indicated that they most often use disposable e-cigarettes such as Puff Bar. 
Moving forward, we hope to see timely science and evidence-based determinations on pending PMTA applications across all smoke-free categories and further enforcement on noncompliant manufacturers. Our journey towards responsibly moving beyond smoking continues, and we are optimistic that the actions we have taken to date have strengthened our portfolio into 3 major smoke free categories. We have built a compelling portfolio in the heated tobacco, enhanced our ability to compete in e-vapor and continue to strengthen on!'s position in the oral tobacco category. 
And we believe that we are able to maximize the value of these actions by leveraging our existing scale and infrastructure, such as our manufacturing centers and sales force. For example, our flagship Richmond manufacturing center began production of oral nicotine pouches in 2020. 
We now expect to add production of heated tobacco sticks for our new JV. Our sales and distribution system driven by our world-class sales force gives us the ability to responsibly market products in over 200,000 stores. 
And we have decades of experience navigating dynamic U.S. regulatory and political environments through the strength of our regulatory and government affairs organizations. These functions, together with our many other talented employees, gives me confidence that we can achieve our vision. 
Before I conclude, I'd like to thank Leo Kiely for his distinguished service to Altria's Board. Leo has served on the Board since 2011 and will retire at the completion of his term early next year. I'd also like to welcome Jase Hernandez to our Board of Directors effective November 1. Jase brings a significant and deep understanding of the tobacco landscape following his years as an investment analyst covering the tobacco industry. Jase will serve on the finance and innovation committees. I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on the business environment and our results.

Yes. So there was a lot in that, Bonnie. So I'll take them in reverse order. The HTC is 100% owned by us. It is not part of the JV. I think when you think about HTS and HTC, you've got this huge group of adult smokers looking for products that satisfy and meet their desires and needs. And so you have some that want a familiar experience as close as they can get to cigarettes, and that's where we believe the HTS product fulfills for them. 
There are other consumers and a lot of -- as we've pointed out before, a lot of consumers want to try e-vapor, so they were willing to go with a more novel type product. And we believe the HTC fulfills those desires and needs. So we actually see room for both to be successful and it actually allows us to reach a larger group of consumers that are looking to switch.

Yes. I think -- look, we certainly are going to -- as we said previously, -- but remember, our overall strategy, even in the smokeable products categories to maximize our income through time but to make appropriate investments, both in Marlboro and balancing that with investments in the growth areas. So there are always puts and takes. I don't want you to think all of the investments that we make are completely incremental to the P&L. 
We try to leverage and we try to point out some of that in our remarks this morning. So for instance, the manufacturing center, where we expanded our production for on! in that facility.  The heat sticks for the JV will be produced by the manufacturing center. So there you have the infrastructure in place. You have a strong, talented group of employees that are familiar with running those machines. So you leverage some. So yes, there are investments and you have reallocation across the P&L, but it's not all incremental investment.

Yes, I appreciate the question, Bonnie. I think you could think of most of that narrowing as the passage of time, right? We have more certainty because remember, we're on a quarter lag with ABI, and you saw them released results this morning. But certainly, it's no surprise that our consumers are under pressure, and we want to maintain that flexibility, but nothing out of the ordinary that I would point out.

Yes, it's a great question, Pamela. I think it's important to remember as you step back, and that's why we tried to highlight in the remarks that the reduced harm in the U.S. is really undeveloped. And the reason I say that is from an authorization standpoint, take the 2 that exists today, e-vapor and novel oral. 
A very low percentage has been authorized by the FDA in e-vapor, and we believe that's going to go through a period of transition as those authorizations come out and some make it and some get denied. When you move to the novel oral, really no authorizations have been received in that space. And so that, again, depending on how the regulatory body goes about assessing and authorizing those, there could be a bit of a transition there. 
And then in the heated tobacco space, it's really nonexistent. I think when you think about those 3 categories, we believe the extent of those 3 categories will really be shaped by 3 factors:  So one, I mentioned, is the regulatory decisions that are taken in each of the individual categories. It will be legislative in tax policy. How does that develop through time related to the individual categories? And then really through time is the innovation in the spaces that best address the consumer preferences based on what they desire. 
So that's really what's going to shape the size of the 3 individual categories. We believe those are the 3 categories that will grow through time as consumers continue to move away from cigarettes to the smoke-free products. As far as prioritizing, we're going to prioritize based on where we see the consumer moving and how we see the consumer moving. It's going to be completely consumer-driven, and that's why we're excited to be able to leverage the sales force to get the products in the right stores as well as the amount of data we receive and the insights that we can garner from that.

Yes, Chris, thanks for the question. And you're right. We are excited about the opportunities we have in front of us. I think when you think about the time line for launch, so what we tried to provide you is when we would anticipate be enable to file PMTA then it will be dependent on how long it takes the FDA to authorize those products. 
I believe through time, those authorizations will become more predictable and quicker whether that's the next product that they authorize or it takes a couple for them to get used to the new categories remains to be seen. I think when you think about the launch internationally, yes, we're excited about the potential there for being able to test products in the live market in the international realm. 
We're excited about the ability to -- whether it's in any of the new categories to be able to leverage that. But I don't want to get ahead of myself. We mentioned the memorandum of understanding about future collaboration and we'll share more on as appropriate to share.

I think you're getting a little bit ahead of yourself. I think from an international launch, we tried to say, look, when we would anticipate getting it launch that into international market, maybe your question underlying that is why -- are you taking so long? And I think it really goes back to -- look, we want to be disciplined. We want to conduct preliminary studies to certify that we can consistently meet the high standards for product quality that we pulled ourselves to as well as the constituent reductions. And so we're going to go about it in a thoughtful manner. But yes, we are excited to get it into an international market and look forward to.

Yes. I understand your question, Chris. I really would look at the narrowing our guidance as the passage of time. Look, we wanted to make everybody aware that our consumers are under pressure just like consumers across all industry. And we like the flexibility. That's more of the range we had maintained for the establishment of the guidance. 
I wouldn't point out anything specific. We're very excited about the price realization we've been able to realize being on track for our guidance for the total year and the stability that Marlboro has experienced in the marketplace. I mean when you look at pre-pandemic to post-pandemic, and Sal mentioned this in his comments, when you saw government stimulus and less mobility in the marketplace, we actually saw it as encouraging. 
We weren't attempting to gain share. We were in the business like we normally do. It shows that Marlboro is still the aspirational brand in the cigarette space. And that's what we saw take place during the pandemic. And disposable income has got a little bit tighter and mobility is up affecting that as well.  We see some of that share back. But pre-pandemic to post-pandemic, call it, roughly [ 0.5 -- maybe up a 0.1 ] and we're extremely pleased with where we're at.

Yes. Look, Gaurav, we're excited about what on!'s been able to perform, how it's been able to perform and grow in the marketplace. Certainly, with the learnings we had in the other 2 categories where we have the analytics and the RGM tools that we have in place, we certainly see the opportunity to be able to apply that into new spaces as we gain volume and market share. And so overall, I think from a standpoint of the strategy in the on! space, it's really to maximize profitability through the long term with the strength of Copenhagen while balancing investments with on!. And I think that's exactly what you see taking place in that space.

Yes. I think it remains to be seen, and that's what we try to highlight for the size of each category. And you highlighted an important one that's in front of the entire industry in all of these spaces, is regulatory decisions. That will decide how large the individual categories can be. 
I would also highlight the other 2. It's really legislative and tax policy. How does that mature through time? And then the last would be innovation. But I hear you, and that's why we try to highlight those 3 factors that could ultimately decide the size of each of those categories relative to each other.

Yes. So we've engaged with our government affairs team. We don't believe the science supports it from a standpoint, and we've highlighted that. And we've been pretty vocal with that even with the FDA as they looked at some of these things. We think those decisions are better based with the FDA, where it finds an evidence-based. But when you think about the overall category in California, certainly, it could have an industry impact. 
But we, as a reminder, SKU non-menthol cigarettes and we SKU non-flavored products in the more smokeless space. So again, I think it could have an impact to the industry, the science doesn't support it, but I just wanted to remind you of our positions from a SKU standpoint.

Sure. And I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. We'll come forward with the actual product, and I know you'll be excited about it when we're able to bring it forward once we complete design. If you think about the stick, that's pretty evident because everybody has seen that in the marketplace. If you think about the capsule, the tobacco is contained within a capsule. It's different than the technology you're familiar with the Ploom, but again, I don't want to get too far ahead of myself from a standpoint of describing the device before we're ready.

That is correct.

Yes, sure. I think when you look at the price gap, I just want to remind you, Vivien, and I know you know this, but that 40% price gap that we disclosed is really a barometer for the national level. We put that out because that allows you all to have a barometer, but we manage it much lower than that. 
And I think you see as the introduction and execution against the data analytics and the revenue growth management most people refer to it as those tools that we have available allows us to manage the price gap at a much lower level. And so that is, I think, what you're seeing in the success of the Marlboro market share through time. And so we're extremely pleased with where we're at. We feel good about the performance of Marlboro and being able to expand the price gap and increase the profitability through time the way we've done .

Yes. And you'll recall, Vivien, we're premium focused. We participate in a discount because it's important to our retailers to have a portfolio that services all of their customers that visit their stores, but we're premium focused. You know that we ceded share in L&M, we felt like we would see cede share in L&M as we increase profitability. But we're pleased with the increased profitability we've experienced on L&M and with the willingness to cede some of that share to deep discount. 
You'll remember our consumers at the lower end of that socioeconomic status. Loyalty is extremely high, over 90% for premium brands. And so you always have that group of consumers when they get under pressure are going to shop around and move around depending on what their individual situations are.

Yes. With that value, it was an exchange of 2.7. The only thing that would change the 1.7 is the interest that would accumulate through time, depending on when they made that payment. Exclusivity remains with us until the final payment's made. .

Really no plan at this point. We hold the economic state. We'll see what their performance is in the marketplace, but we thought it was important at that point in time to get out of the noncompete to open up our flexibility in the e-vapor category.

Yes. We think about it a bit differently. I mean let me describe. You'll recall when [indiscernible] across the nicotine space in the U.S., it greatly reduces the decline rates. So if you look over the past 5 years, it declined at about 1%. We think it's important to have a portfolio of products in each of these categories and across the categories that attract consumers to them from a standpoint of being able to participate in those categories, have strong products and brands across those categories, which will be a benefit to volume and attract a larger group of consumers to transition from cigarettes over to the smoke-free space.
I think it's important to remember that the JV that's in place is for a product that hasn't even been commercialized yet, as they continue to garner learnings and consumer insights and feedback. And so we're extremely excited, and we think this is a foundation for future collaboration and potential exposure to international revenue as well.

Yes. I think when you think back, we highlighted when we made that investment in cannabis that it was going to be a long-term investment. We still believe it has long-term potential in the U.S. Certainly, with the current political environment, it doesn't feel imminent that anything will switch in the U.S. I think the President made an important first step in some departments, but it's a first step, and it's a lot more to take place before the industry dynamics change in the U.S. to be able to capitalize on that. So we still believe it has long-term potential in the U.S., but certainly in the political environment, nothing is imminent.

Yes. Thank you, Katie. I'd like to conclude our remarks by going back to where I started. We are in an exciting period of Altria's history and have an unprecedented opportunity in moving beyond smoking. We expect that our actions will lead to a strengthened portfolio across the 3 major smoke-free categories, that will help smokers transition away from cigarettes. In heated tobacco, we believe we have taken a huge step forward with our new joint venture with JT and our internal product development efforts. .
We now have the ability to compete in the e-vapor category and are already assessing our options in this space. And we have demonstrated progress in the growing novel oral category with on!'s continued growth. I continue to be confident in my belief that we can achieve our vision and create long-term value for our shareholders. Thank you for joining us, and have a great day.