Thanks, Mac, and good morning, everyone. 2019 was a dynamic year for the tobacco category. For Altria, it was a year characterized by 2 distinct stories: the outstanding performance of Altria's core tobacco businesses and significant progress advancing our noncombustible business platform alongside disappointing performance from our JUUL investment. 
Across our businesses, our employees accomplished more with less and responsibly delivered outstanding results. Despite unexpected challenges with our investment in JUUL, which led to impairment charges and reported losses, we grew adjusted diluted earnings per share by 5.8% and continue to reward our shareholders with growing cash dividends. In 2019, we paid $6 billion in dividends to shareholders and increased the dividend for the 54th time in 50 years. 
Our core tobacco businesses delivered strong financial performance, with each of the smokeable and smokeless product segments delivering high single-digit adjusted operating companies income growth, significantly expanding their adjusted operating companies income margins and maintaining strength on their leading premium brands. In fact, if you look at the performance of our smokeable and smokeless products segments on a combined basis over the past 5 years, 2019 was a high watermark for combined adjusted OCI and margin expansion. In addition, we exceeded our $575 million cost reduction target, made significant progress advancing and building our noncombustible business platform with the launch of IQOS in 2 lead markets and the completion of the on! transaction. And we successfully advocated for moving the legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21 to address social access concerns among youth. 
Turning to JUUL. We are disappointed in the performance of our JUUL investment in 2019, and we recorded a second impairment of the JUUL investment, which Billy will discuss in more detail shortly. It's a critical time for the e-vapor category, and we believe manufacturers must take responsible steps in the short-term to protect the long-term opportunity that the category presents for adult smokers looking for alternatives. We believe that the e-vapor category in its current form needs a reset, and we believe the most important next steps to create a sustainable path forward are FDA's review and ultimate decisions on PMTA filings and driving down youth usage of e-vapor. 
This morning, we announced that we've reached an agreement with JUUL to revise some of the terms governing our investment. We've agreed with JUUL to continue providing regulatory affairs services, including supporting JUUL's efforts to prepare and submit its PMTA filings by May 2020. And we will discontinue all other services by the end of March 2020. Our regulatory affairs team is working collaboratively with JUUL on its PMTA effort and we're committed to helping JUUL achieve this critical milestone. We also agreed that JUUL will create a new or independent board structure after we receive antitrust clearance from the FTC. We believe the new board structure will provide diverse perspectives and independent expertise to help JUUL's management team successfully and responsibly navigate the very dynamic e-vapor market going forward. 
For Altria, we remain committed to preventing kids and non-tobacco users from using tobacco products. According to the 2019 Monitoring the Future, underage use of cigarettes is at a historic low at 3.7%, down more than 85% from its 1997 peak. Although this is significant progress, we're troubled by the alarming rise in youth e-vapor use. This is why in early 2019, we launched a national campaign to raise the minimum tobacco purchase age to 21 and worked persistently with state and federal lawmakers to support this legislation. In December, Congress enacted landmark federal legislation, moving the legal age to purchase all tobacco products to 21. We have much more work ahead of us in reversing the youth e-vapor trends, and our efforts will not stop at Tobacco 21. 
We must continue to advance harm reduction. There are approximately 40 million adult smokers in the U.S. today, with more than half interested in alternative products. While JUUL forges its way in an ever-changing e-vapor category, we remain highly focused on our portfolio approach with alternative products like IQOS and on!. We want our organization, including our sales force, to most effectively and responsibly advance the noncombustible portfolio options we're building, and we're moving forward on these opportunities responsibly and with increased resources. 
With IQOS, we're encouraged by early interest from adult smokers and excitement from the trade. HeatSticks are now distributed across more than 500 retail stores in Atlanta and Richmond combined. Both launch markets include an innovative retail ecosystem that focuses on the consumer journey of awareness, engagement, trial, purchase and conversion. We now have more than 100 trained IQOS professionals to provide guided trials. We continue to advance our commercialization plans and are gathering insights from our lead markets to inform them going forward. 
Philip Morris International's MRTP application for IQOS remains pending with the FDA, and we remain optimistic about its authorization. Additionally, PMI plans to submit a supplemental PMTA in the coming months for IQOS 3. The device offers a more premium and modern design and a rapid charge battery compared to the currently authorized 2.4 device. We plan to capitalize on our first-mover advantage while considering the opportunities presented by an FDA-authorized reduced risk claim for IQOS 2.4 and the launch of a more modern device. 
In oral nicotine pouches, we're advancing our plans quickly in this rapidly growing category, focusing on regulatory, manufacturing and distribution efforts. First, our Helix subsidiary expects to submit its PMTAs for on! by the May 2020 deadline. Second, our best engineers are building manufacturing capability for on! at our Richmond manufacturing center, and we expect to begin manufacturing there this quarter. We are targeting annualized manufacturing capacity of 50 million cans by midyear and 75 million cans by the end of 2020. on! can be purchased on its premium branded website through a robust age verification platform and is now sold nationally in 15,000 stores, including Circle K, Sheetz and Murphy USA, representing 3 of the top 5 retail chain accounts for smokeless volume. The on! brand team will use our adult tobacco consumer database to communicate responsibly with adult tobacco consumers about on! and its broad portfolio. In addition, the on! team plans to enhance the packaging to build brand equity and increase the visibility of the broad range of nicotine strengths and flavors to address the varying preferences of adult smokers and dippers. 
As e-vapor goes through a period of transition, we believe it's an opportune time to further invest in our plans in heated tobacco and oral nicotine. The strength of our core tobacco businesses provides us with the financial flexibility to make these investments as we capitalize on our first-mover advantage in heated tobacco and on!'s compelling proposition and broad portfolio. We enter 2020 with continued focus on harm reduction and preparing for a future where adult tobacco consumers overwhelmingly prefer noncombustible products over combustible products. We look forward to sharing more at CAGNY. 
Let's turn to our financial outlook. For our JUUL investment, we now expect HSR resolution in the first half of 2020. Upon antitrust clearance, we expect to account for our equity investment in JUUL using the fair value option. Under this option, Altria's income statement will include any cash dividends received from the investment and quarterly changes in the fair value of the investment. Quarterly changes in the fair value of the investment will be treated as a special item and excluded from adjusted diluted EPS. We don't currently expect to receive equity earnings contributions from JUUL over the next 3 years. Therefore, we've lowered our 2020 through 2022 compounded annual adjusted diluted EPS earnings growth objective to 4% to 7% from our previously announced objective of 5% to 8%. 
For our 2020 guidance, we expect to deliver full year adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.39 to $4.51. This range represents a growth rate of 4% to 7% from a 2019 adjusted diluted EPS base of $4.22. The 2020 guidance includes increased investments in our noncombustible platform and 1 extra shipping day in the first quarter. We'll remind you that in 2019, the benefits from our annualized cost reduction program were uneven and ramped up as the year progressed. 
I'll now turn it over to Billy to provide more detail on our 2019 performance.

Sure. I think when you look at cigarette volume declines, our range is 4% to 6%. With regard to Tobacco 21, in the first half of last year, we estimated about 2% of cigarette industry volume was legal age to 20. And so certainly, that's going to be an impact this year going forward. But I would say that you already had a certain number of states that were already at a legal age of purchase of 21 before we made that measurement. And some of that got factored in as more than 50% of the U.S. volume was covered by 21 by midyear. So some of that decline is in the base of the decline rate. 
I think with regard to e-vapor, it's hard to precisely predict what's going to happen to that category. But if you just turn to the fourth quarter of this year, its year-over-year growth rate was only 3%. And I think that we really expect that we're going to see a continued slowdown or even maybe a decline in the e-vapor category over the next couple of years. And I think that's going to result in less pressure on the cigarette category. The other products that potentially could impact the cigarette category though, of course, are IQOS and heat-not-burn and the tobacco dry nicotine pouch business.

I have to say that we were pleased with our performance last year. We had stability on Marlboro. We had a modest step-down in our share on L&M, but it's at a much higher level of profitability and we had strong profit growth from the cigarette category. So we believe that the performance we had last year was quite strong and quite acceptable.

Sure. With regard to the change in the services that we're providing to JUUL, it's not related to the FTC review. We've agreed to continue to provide them with regulatory affairs services, where the 2 teams are working together, I think, quite effectively. And I think that's one of their most important priorities, to file a complete and compelling application in May of 2020 this year. 
As you may recall last year, there were a number of services that we offered them. Some of them, they turned down and built their own infrastructure. And then in other places, they built their own infrastructure but on an ad hoc basis utilized some of our services such as the sales force. What we found was that having both JUUL personnel and Altria personnel that were sometimes involved in executing for JUUL at retail, that it created confusion and that it wasn't really an effective way to get the most out of the Altria sales organization. So we ultimately agreed with JUUL that they'd continue to provide a number of the services exclusively and that we'd pull back. And I think that gives us the opportunity to really invest in our sales and distribution organization and having them focus on our 2 core tobacco segments as well as the expansion of IQOS and on!. And we know the kind of impact they can have when they are the sole supporter of our sales and distribution effort, and we're pleased to have some of that capacity back for our other businesses.

Yes. I don't know that there's been government data released since about the second quarter of last year. But I do expect before the filing deadline of May, there is going to be -- that second quarter survey will be completed. And while it won't be available publicly for a bit of time, it will certainly be available publicly before I would expect the FDA to make any decisions on the PMTAs that they accept as filed. 
I think that there is reason to be optimistic that there is going to be an improvement or a reduction in youth usage of e-vapor products because of, I think, 2 very significant developments: The first one is that we now have a minimum age of purchase of 21 nationwide, and I think that will be in effect for a full 3 months before that survey starts to measure youth usage. And then secondly, the FDA has now provided nationwide guidance that's in effect that is going to restrict, certainly for pod-based e-vapor products, the availability of flavors to tobacco and menthol. I think that should have a positive impact on driving down youth usage rates. And certainly, I would expect that the JUUL usage would decline as well. I think how fast it goes down, I think we're going to have to wait and see.

Sure. I think you're referencing the fact that when the FDA implemented their guidance, restricting the availability of flavored products, they were quite clear that for pod-based, closed-system products, that they were going to enforce against any product in the market other than tobacco and menthol, and they were not as clear with regard to some of the other product formats. But I think that they also were -- I think they were also quite specific that any product they found that was contributing to youth usage of e-vapor products, they were certainly going to enforce regardless of the product format. So I think if you see huge usage switch to other product formats other than pod-based products, I would expect the FDA to step in and enforce against those products as well. 
I'll turn it over to Billy on your bond question.

I don't think it is a cause for concern. There's a significant amount of activity going on and there were some scheduling delays that pushed it likely out of the first quarter. But I don't think it's driven by anything more than that.

Yes, I think as we think about the impact of Tobacco 21, I don't know that we divide it up the way you looked at it. Clearly, there are legal age to 20 tobacco users that were legal to purchase the product before that are no longer legal. And we hope that they fall out of the category and end up obeying the law. I think secondly, we actually don't advertise to non-tobacco users, but certainly, Tobacco 21 could cause people to delay their consideration of entering the tobacco category. And while that might have a future impact on category volumes, we don't do research on that.

Well, I think as you looked at the agreement with JUUL, I think that ultimately, there were a number of changes to the agreement. I think we both felt like that was an agreement that provided value to both sides, and that's ultimately why we agreed to it.

Sure. I wouldn't read too much into our renegotiation with JUUL that in the future potentially gives us more flexibility to compete. And I don't think that we have a well-defined plan if we were to decide to execute that. Certainly, we had some e-vapor products, although I would point out that they were not performing at a level that we found to be particularly satisfying. And certainly, any product that would be placed on the market would need to go through PMTA authorization, assuming that it was put on the market after May of 2020.

Sure. I think that we feel like it's -- we're probably in a better position to forecast the 1-year trend than we are for the 3-year trend. And I think that if we're going to provide forecasts, we like to do it with a reasonable level of confidence about falling within it. And we've just found that based on our past experience and based on the number of things that are impacting cigarette volumes going forward that we thought we were better off not continuing to provide that.

Sure. I don't -- I really can't break down how much of that volume decline for JUUL came after their November announcement of withdrawing mint and how much came before. But I think you are right that the primary driver of that volume decline was the impact of them removing mint from the market. And while that impacted JUUL in the fourth quarter, I think there's likely to be a volume step-down for the other companies that didn't proactively remove their flavored products and instead waited for FDA to force them to remove those products, and that, of course, will be an impact in the first quarter.

Well, I think that it's a little bit hard to measure precisely. We've given you our estimate of 4% to 6% volume decline for cigarettes. But I think that if you had an e-vapor category that declined, I think that the -- any stepped up decline in cigarettes related to e-vapor would probably go away. The question would then be, what are the potential impacts of either heat-not-burn or other movement to other categories? And then, of course, you'd have to factor in the impact of Tobacco 21.

I have to tell you I'm highly disappointed in the financial performance of the JUUL investment. And I think that, that is reflected in the most recent valuation, which is substantially below what we had expected. I think as you look at the drivers of that, there were a number of unexpected outcomes in the year. Probably the one that I think was hardest to have forecast was the appearance of the serious lung injury. Essentially, you had the CDC recommending to all e-vapor consumers, both THC and nicotine consumers, that they stop vaping. It took quite a bit of time to get clarification that the serious lung injury was primarily driven by THC black market products. So I think it's a disappointing performance. 
I would, however, note that JUUL was the market share leader and the volume growth leader in 2019. And I think while there's going to be a reset in the category, that I think is an appropriate reset to drive down youth usage, I do think that they are well positioned following the reset to have more success in the future.

I don't think that our change in the agreement to have additional optionality if certain things happen in the future were necessarily driven by a change in our view of what might happen to JUUL. But clearly, we decided that there's always a chance that something like that could happen. And we thought having the option to elect, under those circumstances, to be able to go back into the market and compete, we thought that had value. But I have to tell you, right now, our primary focus is on helping JUUL file a compelling and complete PMTA with the FDA by the May 2020 deadline.

Sure, why don't I let Billy take that?

We're always open-minded, but I won't comment on that at this time.

Yes. I don't know that it's possible to predict each quarter's cigarette volume decline with that level of precision. I think we've provided you with kind of our perspective on what the puts and takes might be. But I would hesitate to forecast on a quarter-over-quarter basis.

Sure. Right now, our first priority is to file the PMTA by the May deadline. But you are right to point out that, that is a product that I think has potential to receive an MRTP. And I think we'll turn to that task after we get the May filing competed -- completed. And you are also right that it's been about a year since the TPSAC hearing on Copenhagen. We thought that we had a good hearing with regard to Copenhagen as a potentially reduced risk product, and we would expect to hear on Copenhagen anytime now.

Thank you. In summary, while the JUUL investment and e-vapor category remained challenging, our core tobacco businesses are strong and resilient, delivering significant cash and providing us with the flexibility to invest in our noncombustible business platform. We continue to believe that Altria's enhanced business platform best positions us to succeed under various future category scenarios. 
Lastly and most importantly, I want to thank our employees for their accomplishments and relentless dedication over the past year. Because of them, I have even greater confidence in our ability to succeed into the future. 
Thanks again for joining us, and please contact our Investor Relations team if you have further questions.