Thanks, Mac. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Altria delivered outstanding results in 2020 and managed through the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our tobacco businesses were resilient, and our employees demonstrated unwavering commitment to their work, colleagues and communities. Our employees continue to move Altria forward, and we believe we're making steady progress towards our 10-year vision to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a noncombustible future. 
We continue to execute against the strategies we previously shared, including maximizing profits in our combustible businesses, responsibly expanding our noncombustible products, and demonstrating science-based leadership in the external environment. We remain active in our communities, supporting relief efforts for the pandemic and the West Coast wildfires. We're committed to driving positive change and addressing racial and economic inequities. 
Change starts from within, and our employees are leading our efforts to build a more diverse inclusive and equitable organization. Our 11 employee resource groups are helping promote cultural awareness and diversity in our workplace and within our communities. Two of these organizations, Mosaic and C, were recently recognized for their contributions by the national LGBT Chamber of Commerce and by the Virginia Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, respectively. We also acknowledge the importance of addressing environmental challenges, and we've established ambitious goals for 2030. Last month, we were among the 1% of companies awarded a AA rating from CDP for climate and water stewardship. We're proud of these efforts, and I look forward to sharing more details about our ESG initiatives next month at CAGNY. 
2020 was a dynamic year in the tobacco industry, with notable changes in each category. Tobacco consumers continue to adopt noncombustible alternatives to cigarettes. Most significantly in the oral tobacco space, with rapid growth in oral nicotine pouches off of a small base and a return to moderate volume growth in moist smokeless tobacco. 
The heated tobacco category also showed encouraging signs of smoker interest, though it remains in its early stages. The e-vapor category, however, which has been the biggest driver of smoker conversion over the last several years contracted in 2020 as it continues to undergo a transition period, pending FDA market determinations. And in combustibles, cigarette volumes were a little changed from 2019 as the COVID-19 pandemic alter smoker behaviors and purchasing patterns. 
Looking at the tobacco space in total, estimated equivalized volumes remained stable. In fact, over the last 5 years, we estimate that total tobacco volumes have only decreased by 1% on a compounded annual basis. While 2020 represented a pause in some industry trends away from combustible products, our plans to achieve our 10-year vision remains centered around building a deep understanding of evolving tobacco consumer preferences, meeting these preferences by expanding the awareness and availability of our noncombustible product portfolio and when authorized by the FDA, engaging with smokers to educate them, on the benefits of switching to alternative products. 
Let's now turn to our 2020 business results. Altria's full year adjusted diluted earnings per share grew 3.6%, driven by strong performance from our tobacco businesses. We also returned nearly $6.3 billion in cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends. And our Board increased the dividend for the 55th time in the past 51 years. 
Our Smokable Product segment continues to be the engine that powers our 10-year vision. Generating significant cash that can be invested in noncombustible products and return to shareholders. This segment has demonstrated strong profit growth in a variety of marketplace conditions. Over the last 5 years, smokeable segment adjusted OCI has grown by 5.5% on a compounded annual basis, and its segment has delivered excellent financial performance across varied volume and market share dynamics. We continue to be pleased with the performance of our combustible businesses, and Sal will provide more details on this segment in his remarks. 
Moving to our noncombustible offerings. We're pleased with the continued strength of USSTC's most smokeless tobacco business and the encouraging results from our other noncombustible products. We believe our products and investments with the oral tobacco, e-vapor and heated tobacco categories present compelling options for the millions of U.S. smokers looking for alternatives to cigarettes. 
In oral tobacco, we believe we have an unmatched portfolio of MST and all nicotine pouch products. Copenhagen remains the leading oral tobacco brand and delivered strong volume and profit performance for the year. We're also excited about the potential for on! and believe it's a satisfying product for both smokers and dippers. 
Helix made significant progress in its first full year of operations. Over the last 12 months, our talented regulatory affairs team assist the Helix and falling PMTAs for the on! portfolio, which we believe demonstrate that the products are appropriate for the protection of public health. Our highly skilled engineers and machine operators supported Helix in establishing a manufacturing footprint for on! in our Richmond facility, and Helix has reached annualized capacity for on! of 50 million cans. 
The team continues to install a machinery, and Helix expects unconstrained manufacturing capacity for the U.S. market by midyear 2021. And the Helix brand management and AGDC sales teams collaborated to steadily increase the retail distribution of on! during the year and executed innovative trial generating promotions that demonstrated the ability for on! to gain traction with smokers and dippers. 
on! was sold in approximately 78,000 stores at the end of 2020, up nearly 40% from the third quarter and more than 5x the store count from the end of 2019. In stores with distribution, on! achieved a retail share of 2.4 percentage points of the oral tobacco category in 2020, with significant growth coming into the second half of the year. 
Helix has strong plans for the year ahead and is focused on removing capacity constraints, reaching its retail distribution targets, building brand equity and converting smokers. We're confident in the on! proposition and believe its satisfying range of nicotine strengths and flavors and unique packaging position it well for success in the rapidly growing nicotine pouch space.
Moving to e-vapor. We estimate that total category volumes decreased by 10% for the full year. The category continues to undergo a transition period as FDA prepares to make market determinations on the thousands of PMTAs filed by the September 2020 statutory deadline. We continue to believe that e-vapor products can play an important role in tobacco harm reduction and that sustainable e-vapor category will be one that consists solely of FDA authorized products. We believe the category's long-term trajectory will be determined by regulatory decisions, legislative and tax policy and innovation that best addresses smoker and vapor preferences. 
In the heated tobacco category, PM USA continues to expand IQOS and Marlboro Heatsticks responsibly and in a disciplined manner. PM USA's 2020 accomplishments included: Launching in Charlotte with a more disruptive retail fixture; expanding the retail distribution of Heatsticks to approximately 1,000 total stores; introducing devices into select Charlotte convenience stores; developing an array of new digital tools, including mobile video chat capability, which gives p.m. USA's customer care experts, a virtual option to build connections and support age-verified smokers through their conversion journey and communicating with smokers using the FDA-authorized reduced exposure claim about the benefits of switching from cigarettes. 
We're excited that the FDA has authorized the IQOS 3 device for sale in the U.S. The new device offers several enhancements compared to the current 2.4 version, including a longer battery life and a faster recharging time. PM USA expects to begin selling the new device shortly and it will be available across all existing retail channels in the Atlanta, Charlotte and Richmond markets. PM USA also recently introduced new packaging for Heatsticks and has renamed the 3 currently authorized heatstick SKUs as Amber, Blue menthol and Green menthol. The new packs feature a cleaner look, and PM USA believes the naming convention will facilitate heatstick line extensions in the future should additional variants be authorized by the FDA. 
PM USA is focused on expanding the availability and awareness of IQOS, achieving its contractual performance requirements and remains on track with its 2021 plans to expand IQOS and heatsticks into 4 new metro markets and surrounding geographies. We believe that P.M. USA has the right approach to maximize its store mover advantage while we're responsibly positioning the U.S. heated tobacco category for long-term growth and profitability. 
Let's now turn to our financial outlook for 2021. Our plans for the year ahead include accelerating investments in support of our 10-year vision, which we expect to fund through the financial strength of our tobacco businesses. The external environment remains dynamic, however, and we're monitoring various factors, including unemployment rates, fiscal stimulus, tobacco consumer dynamics, including stay-at-home practices, disposable income, purchasing patterns and adoption of noncombustible products, regulatory and legislative developments, the timing and breadth of COVID-19 vaccine deployment and expectations for adjusted earnings contributions from our alcohol assets. 
Taking these factors into consideration, we expect to deliver 2021 full year adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $4.49 to $4.62. This range represents an adjusted diluted EPS growth rate of 3% to 6% from a $4.36 base in 2020. Our 2021 guidance incorporates planned investments to drive smoker conversion to noncombustible products, including continued marketplace investments to expand the availability and awareness of our noncombustible offerings, building an industry-leading consumer engagement system that enhances data collection and insights in support of conversion and increased noncombustible product research and development. We expect our 2021 adjusted EPS growth to come in the last 3 quarters of the year, primarily due to prior year comparisons, which includes 1 fewer smokable products shipping day in the first quarter. Altria's tobacco businesses delivered excellent results over the past year, and I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work. Their dedication drives their strong performance, and it's their passion and commitment that makes me excited for Altria's future. 
I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on the business environment and our financial performance.

Yes. Nick, we'll take them in the order. On the excise tax front, I would remind you that we had 2 state excise tax increases happened at the beginning of this year. Certainly with the build that the states have racked up responding to COVID, certainly it'd be a little bit more challenging excise tax environment. We have a great government affairs team, as you know, Nik, and they engage on both sides of the aisle across the states and really know how to engage on that.
From that standpoint, though, I think right now, most governments are focused on how to get the COVID-19 pandemic under control. And so there's a little bit of chatter across the states. But nothing to point out at this point. But certainly, it will be a challenging environment as they look to pay the bills related to their response to COVID-19.
On Marlboro, Nik, I think what you saw was -- and Sal highlighted in his comments. People were concerned at the beginning of the year. We tried to highlight for the analyst and investor community that what we saw was consumers moving back from e-vapor back into cigarettes and both premium brands and discount brands benefited from it, but because it tended to skew older adult smoker coming back, we know that they have a proclivity towards discount brands. We didn't panic when that was taking place. We knew what -- we felt like we knew what was behind that. And I think you've just seen the strength of the mobile brand through time. Certainly, there were some competitive premium brands that had some extra resources in the marketplace at the beginning of 2020. We saw those lessen as we progress through 2020.
And to your point, the programs we have in place and the Marlboro brand team do an excellent job of engaging with the consumers and really building loyalty through time, whether you mentioned the rewards program but other programs as well. And I think that's the strength of the mobile brand, and we're excited about where it stands.

Bonnie, and we'll take those in turn as well. On the EPS guidance, really, when you think about the EPS guidance, and I know you're including kind of the cigarette volume in that, look, we run a range of scenarios around that. We really look at what do we -- our base expectations, we have a very strong forecasting group. They forecast across the various categories. And then we run a range of scenarios around that, upside and downside. And we think about, okay, what do we feel confident about in providing a short range of EPS guidance for the year. And that's where we landed.
As far as cigarette volume, it wasn't the -- that we didn't have a forecast for volume. We feel very good about the way we go about forecasting volume. But to your point, there are a lot of uncertainties and a lot of fluidness in the environment, whether that's the consumer and how they're engaged with some of these noncombustible categories as they continue to grow or to the things we've highlighted in our remarks, whether it's unemployment or the fiscal stimulus if the government passes that. So there are a range of factors there. What we think really focusing on the consumer, and that's what we try to do and are trying to do is really give more information about how we're focused on the consumer and want to win where they go. And that's exactly why we implemented the portfolio strategy is really looking at the consumer is going to make different decisions, depending on where they're at in their journey and how do we really focus on the consumer and have the best products and best brands in each of those categories as they make decisions.
Don't get me wrong. This cigarette, as I said in my remarks, really fuels. It's the engine for fueling the 10-year vision. But we think what you should hold us accountable to is our success in meeting the consumer where they're at regardless of what category they're in.

Sure. Look, I'll think of a reverse order. As far as the employees, they have such passion, but you're right, incentivizing them in the right direction certainly directs that passion. We've shared that 10-year vision that we have and how we expect to progress through time with our employee base. They're passionate about it. They're excited to support that. And we think we have the right incentive program in place to warrant that excitement.
As far as milestones, again, I won't go into a specific numerical value. Remember, from an overall objective, we're looking to balance strong growth -- EPS growth for investors and the associated cash involved with that but, at the same time, making investments over the long-term to advance our noncombustible portfolio. And so what we're really trying to do is have that balance. And so we're certainly going to share with you, through time, how we're making progress, but it's really about the journey of the consumer. 
So if you think about really driving awareness of the consumer for new categories, incenting trial, ultimately purchase and then, at the final stage, conversion to these new categories. That's the way we're thinking about the consumer journey. And we're really investing to get to as close to the consumer as we can because each consumer is going to be at a different point in that journey and make different decisions across the categories. And that's exactly the portfolio approach.
And different actions are taken, whether they're regulatory actions, whether they're consumers really enjoying the category is being able to be agile enough to not starve any category that's growing and make the appropriate investments there. So that's how we're thinking about the consumers' journey. And you'll see us share more through time of how we're progressing with those consumer journeys.

Yes. We'll keep our eyes open for everything, but we're extremely excited about the portfolio of products that we have currently. And it's really a focus on execution. And to your point, that's exactly why we talked about the investments in our product development, is making sure that we're staying abreast with the consumer and really keeping pace and meeting their needs and desires.

Yes. Vivien, I think you nailed it. I think it was as wholesalers and retailers are making decisions around where they stood with the COVID-19 pandemic and what -- because in different parts across the U.S., the surges that are taking place and different state government decisions about shutdowns and the consumer mobility in the marketplace. And so I think, certainly, there was a slight level of increase over what you've seen in previous years as they took those things into consideration.
Certainly, as we've always said, through time, those wholesale inventories tend to balance out. And so we'll see as we progress through the COVID-19 pandemic and the vaccination rollout how wholesalers and retailers decide to what levels are appropriate for them.

Yes. I would say, look, both pieces of that category did grow during the year. But certainly, the vast majority was the onset of the novel oral products, whether it be on! or Zyn or other products in that space. And so that's the vast majority, but both segments of that category did grow. So we feel good about the offerings we have in brands in the traditional MST. And Copenhagen continues to lead that category, and we feel great about its position.

Yes. It's a great question, Michael. Look, we're very excited about what we've experienced in the first 3 lead markets. From a standpoint of the exact way to engage with the consumer, what's most important we found is the consumer education, that they understand what the IQOS device delivers and the Marlboro HeatSticks, what flavor expectations they can have and then really how to use the device.
So from that standpoint, we're trying many things. Because remember, we launched in densely populated areas. So you have one strategy there. But then as you move from those densely populated areas out, that's exactly why we were testing the device sales in convenience stores to really meet consumers where they are. And as you get to more rural locations, really having an outlet to engage with the consumer.
We actually use all of those measures that you mentioned, whether it's direct mail, whether it's retail stores, the devices in the convenience stores, whether it's corners in various places or whether it's the mobile units. And certainly, in Charlotte, we have used the mobile units to a larger extent because what we found is as you meet a certain capacity, you can actually move those mobile devices -- mobile units from one location to another and really maximize the number of consumers you're engaging with.
Now, certainly, in the COVID world, we had some challenges there because there's a lot of engagement 101 with the consumer, but our team implemented digital tools. We talked about the mobile chat capability that they installed. And so we're excited to continue to expand, and we'll have more to say on that.

Yes. I'm not going to speak to taking control or any M&A activities. Certainly, we think Cronos as -- is positioning themselves well to take a role in the U.S. if it becomes federally legal. I think it's important to step back and really state what we believe. We believe it should be legal at the federal level, but it's got to have the right regulatory framework. So if you think about that total framework, what it should address is it should address underage use. It should establish industry product standards, and that includes safety standards. It really needs to be guided by the science so that from a standpoint of everything should be science driven. And it really should deal with the social justice issues that are involved in that space. And so we believe it should be federalized at legal level. We support that. We're engaged with that, but it's got to have the right comprehensive framework surrounding it.

Yes. I appreciate the question. I'll be careful, Chris, as you mentioned, not to get into the future pricing strategies. Look, we recognize that pricing is an important part of the algorithm. I would remind you that the strategy for the combustible segment, both cigarettes and cigars is to maximize profitability over the long-term while balancing investments in Marlboro and the funding the growth of our noncombustible portfolio. So certainly, profitability in the traditional tobacco space is what we're using to invest in the future in these noncombustible product arena.
And so certainly, we look at that from a standpoint of -- when you look at pricing, a couple of the factors that we think about pricing as we move forward is really, where are our consumers on an economic standpoint. What are they feeling? How do they feel? What are they thinking about? It's the strength of our brands, how do we think about our brands and the strength in the consumer's mind. And then certainly, business performance and objectives factor into that.
I think when you look at price realization over the past couple of years, I think it's important to remember that's not all list price. It also has the price efficiencies we've been able to garner from the advanced analytics that we put in place. And so with the amount of data that we get in and the advanced analytics that we've invested in, I think you're seeing the benefit in price realization of being more efficient, but just as effective, if not, more in the marketplace with the promotional spend that we have. So it's a combination of both, and we are extremely excited about what our advanced analytics team has been able to accomplish.

Yes. I don't think it's too soon for that, Chris. I'm hesitant to try to get much more on cigarette volume guidance. I think you're exactly right, though. The success of those categories and our success in them will certainly impact the cigarette category. It's in line with our vision. But when you step back, Chris, that's exactly why we really went with this portfolio approach of products. It's about meeting the consumer where they're at. Each consumer is going to make different decisions. And that's that objective we have of balancing strong growth in the associated cash for our investors and investing in these categories. As we progress through the year and we see a consumer following of 1 of these categories, we want to make sure we're not starting it for investments. So it provides us the flexibility we need to -- we feel to make the right decisions as we progress through the year.

Yes. You're exactly right, Owen. You're exactly right from an e-vapor standpoint. With the agreement we have in JUUL, we're not looking at product development in that space. But it really is staying -- the key focus is on the consumer and staying where the consumer is going. And so it's across these categories that are growing is where we want to have product development, to make sure we're keeping pace with the consumers' needs and desires. And so I think any CPG having a strong product development is important. And that's why we think it's important for us to invest in that area.

Yes. I'm not going to get into specifics. Know that it's in the noncombustible space is where we're investing. And it's really about looking how the investor is, what they're desiring and what needs are unmet and developing against that. And so that's about as far as I'm going to go today. I think as we make progress in that space and we feel excited about the progress we made thus far, we'll share more when it's appropriate.

Yes. I hate to characterize it either way, Steve. We feel like we've made the appropriate investments. Certainly, it stepped up. But I wouldn't say that we're just gliding along. We're going to move where the consumer moves. And so it's that keen focus on the consumer. It's about driving the portfolio that we have. And so if you think about investments around on! and in the heated tobacco space with IQOS and Mobile Heatsticks, it's about driving investments there, driving awareness, getting the distribution we desire at retail and having it in the consumers' consideration.
When you go to the next category about this digital platform, it's really about thinking about how do you -- we make great strides in analytics, and I think you've seen the benefit in the performance of our businesses. Now it's about those insights being really focused on the consumer and how do we get as close to the consumer and understand where each consumer is at on their journey to conversion for whatever category they're choosing and making sure that we're able to communicate and keep pace with them in that journey.
And then the final one is as we've seen in all of these categories, continued development around the product space is extremely important to the consumer and investing there to make sure we're keeping pace with the consumer. So that's how we're thinking about it. We're extremely excited about the portfolio we have. It's about getting it there to have it in the consumer consideration set, meeting them where they're at and communicating with them along the journey and then making sure that our products keep pace with the consumers' future wants and desires.

Yes. Gaurav, I want to be careful not to get into the particular components. There is always puts and takes across the P&L. I think what's most important is, as I stated earlier, is this objective to have strong growth but then make appropriate investments in these -- or in our noncombustible portfolio. And so as you think about as we progress through the year, if 1 area or another proposed well, well then that affords us as we're progressing through the year to make changes if necessary, but it also affords us the opportunity to invest in areas that we're seeing the consumer gravitate towards so that we're not starving any particular category for investments.

Yes, Gaurav. To be quite honest, we really don't pay attention to who goes first, who goes second or what order. Really, and I mentioned this earlier, that the major factors that go into our pricing considerations, nothing from a competitive standpoint. It's really about how our consumers are from their economic position. What are they feeling? How are they positioned? And how do they feel about their future prospects?
The next is the strength of our brands. How do we feel about our brands in the marketplace and in the consumer's mind. And then it is around business performance and objectives. Those are the 3 factors we think about when we build our plan around pricing. And that's what drives our pricing decisions.

Yes. Certainly, we collaborate with PMI, but those decisions are ours. And so from that standpoint, we wanted to make sure we had the flexibility as we move forward. We will be communicating the MRTP with consumers, and we want to do it in the most effective way that has an impact on them. And so we'll be rolling that out, and we've started that process in some of our markets. And what we saw in research is it does bear into the consumer's mind of deciding to engage with the concept of IQOS and the Marlboro Heatsticks as well as their desire to stick with it. And so we're looking forward to bringing that MRTP, and we'll use the avenues that we think are most advantageous for us to get that message across to the consumer.

Yes. I think when you think about our pricing decisions, we -- as I mentioned earlier, the things that factor into our pricing decisions. And then -- and that price realization is really around the list price increases we take and the efficiencies garnered across our promotional spend. I think when you look at the rest of the pricing decisions, they're independent of us as manufacturers make those pricing decisions. And then, of course, you have state excise taxes that get added to that and then how retailers themselves are competitive in the marketplace. So there are a lot of factors that go into that. And we feel good about where we're at.

Sure. And so really, what we think drove that was exactly what you mentioned, and we had highlighted, which was stay-at-home practices, which consumers themselves face less social friction. And also -- they also were benefiting from more discretionary income related to those stay-at-home practices. So less discretionary, whether it be movie tickets or going out to eat or even gas. And so as we progress through the year, as we see consumers respond to how they -- their behavior is related to how comfortable they feel returning to some of those discretionary other items or even they decided to go fully back to work versus work remotely, it's something that we'll be monitoring. 
And whether the consumer decides to adapt their life a bit to those changes or whether they go back to, I'll call it, a completely normal state pre-COVID, and so that's something that we'll be monitoring. But certainly, in our guidance, we ran a range of scenarios and feel comfortable that we have levers across the business to be able to respond to that, regardless of whether those scenarios occur.

Yes. So our government affairs team has been able to secure that reduction in 6 states. And then, of course, there's a slight definition change in the State of Virginia. So if you count that as a reduction, it would be 7 states, but 6 that are part of, if you will, want to receive designation from the FDA, a step down taxation.

It is. It varies by state, but that is a fair way to think about it.

That is the right way of thinking about it, Adam. What we show on the left side is cumulative distribution in stores. And then on the right side, what we're showing is the quarterly share in those stores with distribution. So yes.

Yes. I think you'll see fluctuations through time, Adam. Nothing grows in a straight line, and so you're going to have distribution efforts that will accelerate that in periods of time. And then you'll have, as distribution levels out in some areas, you'll have fluctuations. I think we try to provide this. But if you think of this more as a line through time is the better way to think about continued distribution and growth in oral. I think it shows the desire of the consumer to find a noncombustible product that satisfies them. And as they move to those, you're going to see, through time, growth in these categories.

Yes. Adam, I will be hesitant to compare it. We think we're making the appropriate investments. And it goes back to really balancing strong growth for the investor and the related cash and the appropriate investments there. And so we're going to make the appropriate investments. We're never going to starve a category for investment that we think we're making significant progress in. And so we're going to make the appropriate investments. I hesitate to say because the timing can be different during the year, and so 1 quarter compared to our previous quarter or vice versa. But certainly, we feel good about the investments we've made.

Yes. It's a great question, Jennifer. It is something that we're going to monitor, engage with our consumers on a regular basis to be able to assess that. When you think about our consumer, they tend to be a bit at the lower end of the economic status. And so from that standpoint, they definitely need to be able to work. It depends on their trade of what they are participating in the workforce end of how readily available they can choose to be completely remote versus having to report in at times. So I think it's going to vary greatly. And it remains to be seen how much they adjust their lifestyle back to, I'll call it, normal pre-COVID to now even past a COVID pandemic, how much they adapt and change. So I think it remains to be seen, and it's something that we'll be engaged with our consumers to be able to assess through time.

Yes. I mean, I think you can go back to '15, 2015. And if you look at that, really, what we saw take place was that the precipitous drop in gas prices gave our consumers extra discretionary spend. So to be able to answer your discretionary spend, I would go back in time.
And so as we saw them adapt to that, certainly, they added occasions to their day. But then they adapted those occasions back out. I think it's important to remember, the underlying trend of prevalence, that trend is pretty steady. It hasn't changed. So it really is extra tobacco usage occasions in their day. And it goes back to your first question is how do they adapt their lifestyle? How quickly do they return to other types of discretionary spend, depending on -- that would be dependent on how they think about their usage occasions in a day.

Thank you, Laurie. Altria's tobacco businesses have a track record of delivering strong and consistent financial performance in challenging environments. Our outstanding 2020 results demonstrate the resilience of our business, and we continue to reward our shareholders by returning a significant amount of cash in the form of dividends. We have strong plans for 2021 in pursuit of our 10-year vision and believe our tobacco business platform has the winning brands and is unmatched. Thanks again for joining us. Please stay safe and contact our Investor Relations team if you have any further questions. Thanks very much.