Thanks, Mac. 
Good morning and thank you for joining us. We're off to a strong start to the year and believe our businesses are on track to deliver against their full year plans. Our tobacco businesses performed well in a challenging macroeconomic environment, and we continue to make progress toward our vision to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a smoke-free future.  
Let's start with a review of the macroeconomic backdrop and its impact on U.S. tobacco consumers. 
In January, the surge of Omicron cases disrupted consumers' routines and purchasing patterns, resulting in short-term decreases in retail trips and overall tobacco volumes. 
Increased inflation throughout the quarter pressured discretionary income levels as the Consumer Price Index reached a 4-year high in March and higher gas prices were exacerbated by the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
However, the rise in inflation was partially offset by improved employment metrics and increased wage growth for some consumers. The unemployment rate was 3.6% at the end of March, down from 6% in March of 2021. Total wages grew by nearly 5% in the first quarter compared to 8% average inflation. For some occupations, wage growth outpaced inflation, including occupations that over-indexed toward tobacco consumers. For example, wages grew 11% for production-related jobs and nearly 10% for jobs pertaining to transportation and materials moving.  
Additionally, the pressures of inflation were also offset for some consumers by higher federal income tax refunds. In the first quarter, the average federal income tax refund payment issued by the IRS increased by approximately 12%. We do expect inflation to persist for the balance of the year, however, and we will continue to monitor its effect on tobacco consumers.  
Moving to our consolidated results. Altria delivered strong first quarter performance in this dynamic environment, growing adjusted diluted earnings per share by 4.7%. Adjusted EPS growth was primarily driven by higher operating companies' income and fewer shares outstanding, partially offset by lower adjusted earnings from our ABI investment.  
In the smokeable products segment, we continued to execute our strategy of maximizing profitability in combustibles while appropriately balancing investments in Marlboro with funding the growth of smoke-free products. First quarter smokeable segment adjusted OCI increased 5.7% and Marlboro retail share was stable sequentially. We believe Marlboro's share performance through this period reflects its continued strong brand equity among smokers.   
We believe the investments we have made behind data analytics and revenue growth management provide us with the right tools to support the smokeable strategies. These tools include PM USA's manufacturer-supported off-invoice program, which enables more efficient resource deployment for Marlboro, as well as retail trade programs with multiple options designed to provide retailers with store-level solutions for our brands. We believe these capabilities position our smokeable businesses to navigate the current environment and to continue to deliver strong profitability in support of our vision and shareholder returns.  
Turning to our smoke-free product portfolio. We're excited by the performance of on! and oral nicotine pouches. on! reported shipment volume nearly doubled to 18 million cans in the first quarter. At retail,  on! share of all tobacco increased by 2.5 percentage points, reaching 4.1%. As we shared at CAGNY, on!'s share growth has been primarily driven by repeat purchases from existing on! consumers and increased tobacco consumer trial. We are encouraged that these dynamics continued into the first quarter.  
At the category level, oral nicotine pouches reached a total oral tobacco retail share of 19.3 percentage points in the first quarter. The category grew 6.1 share points year-over-year, with on! representing more than 40% of this growth. We believe the brand continues to be a highly competitive product in the space, and it continues to perform well in all regions of the U.S.  
As a reminder, our Premarket Tobacco Applications for the entire oral portfolio remain pending with the FDA. And we believe the FDA should determine that the marketing of these products is appropriate for the protection of public health. 
We are also actively working on Modified-Risk Tobacco Product applications for on! We believe MRTP claims will provide impactful points of differentiation for the brand and important tools in educating and ultimately transitioning smokers to less harmful products.  
In e-vapor, we estimate that total category volume increased 10% versus the year-ago period and increased 4% sequentially as a result of increased volume in the vape store channel. Our minority investment in JUUL remains subject to challenge by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In February, an administrative law judge found in favor of Altria and JUUL and dismissed the entirety of the FTC's claims. The FTC is appealing that decision to the FTC. Any decision by the FTC is subject to appeal in federal appellate court.  
In heated tobacco, our teams are continuing to work with PMI on IQOS reentry plans, and we will keep you informed on developments as circumstances warrant. There is no change to our expectations regarding IQOS product availability.  
Moving to the regulatory environment. President Biden signed a bill last month to bring synthetic nicotine products under FDA regulation by updating the definition of a tobacco product within the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to include any product that contains nicotine, including synthetic nicotine products. The bill allows manufacturers of synthetic nicotine products currently on market to keep those products on the market for 120 days after the bill's enactment provided that they have submitted a PMTA for those products by May 14. Unless the FDA grants a PMTA within that time period, the products become unlawful and subject to the FDA's enforcement discretion.  
The bill creates a certain exception for this review period for those circumstances where the FDA issued a denial of a marketing order and the manufacturer thereafter marketed the product with synthetic nicotine. 
We believe this legislation is an important step toward the creation of a responsible, smoke-free marketplace consisting solely of FDA-authorized products.  
In combustibles, the FDA has indicated that it is on track to issue proposed  
In combustibles, the FDA has indicated that it is on track to issue proposed product standards this month regarding menthol and cigarettes and characterizing flavors in cigars. As a reminder, the FDA rule-making process has multiple steps and provides several opportunities for stakeholders to provide input.  
Underage smoking is at the lowest level in a generation, and efforts to prohibit the legal sale of products to adults, as we have seen with alcohol prohibition and cannabis criminalization, have consistently failed. Prohibition pushes products into illegal markets that lack regulatory oversight and lack underage prevention. We believe equitable harm reduction is a better public policy approach to reducing smoking and improving public health. This means manufacturers must develop and the FDA authorize an array of potentially reduced-harm alternatives that can appeal to and transition smokers across all backgrounds and demographic groups. We expect to be actively engaged in providing our perspective to the FDA throughout the process.  
We remain optimistic about the future of harm reduction in the U.S. We believe we have an unprecedented opportunity to lead the way in shifting millions of smokers away from cigarettes. We're encouraged that the FDA has started authorizing smoke-free products. But more needs to be done to build a marketplace of authorized reduced-harm products that smokers can consider as they move away from cigarettes.  
Our tobacco businesses delivered extraordinary results in a challenging and dynamic environment, and this cannot be done without the passion, resiliency and fierce determination of our employees. Their talent and dedication continue to give me confidence in our ability to move beyond smoking.  
I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on the business environment and our results.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. I'll take them in order. 
So from a standpoint -- we were excited to see the resilience of our consumer. That's why we wanted to highlight the wage inflation that I think a number of industries don't see it's benefited our tobacco consumer. It's something that we'll continue to watch. Certainly, gas prices has an impact on our consumers because usually they're filling up their car or truck and then going in and purchasing the product. So it's something that we'll continue to watch, but we feel pleased through the first quarter with the resiliency we've seen in the tobacco consumer.  
As far as Marlboro, we're extremely excited with the stability of Marlboro. And if you go back, you can see pre-COVID, we had the benefit of the strength of Marlboro, and we benefited from the consumer having extra discretionary income as we proceeded through the COVID pandemic. And I think that pointed to that Marlboro's still the aspirational brand in the marketplace. And then as we've seen discretionary income come under pressure, we gave a little bit of that share back that we had benefited during the COVID virus. But through that entire period, the Marlboro brand has held up.  
You always see a little bit of movement. If you think about Marlboro as the brand that has over 90% loyalty, that's a consumer that's buying it every time they make a purchase of a cigarette in the marketplace. But you see a little bit of movement, but nothing that I would highlight for you at this point.

Yes. We -- what we tried to highlight was where we saw the -- some of the growth. It was in the vape shop channel. Again, no trend there to highlight. Just wanted to highlight where we saw the growth sequentially. 
I think if you step back and look at the entire e-vapor category, what we've tried to highlight is as all of these products are coming under FDA regulation and we should see and have started seeing some of the decisions by the FDA, I think that entire category will be in a bit of a transition over the next year to 18 months as some products make it through the process and some are denied. And so those consumers will be moving around a bit. What we look forward to and continue to believe is that e-vapor can play an important role in harm reduction in the U.S. once we get to a total FDA-authorized marketplace.

Yes. So to your point on our metrics page, you can see our share of menthol is 9.4% across PM USA, and it's pretty consistent from an industry standpoint that it represents about 1/3 of industry from a menthol cigarettes in the marketplace versus non-menthol.

Yes. I think you can think of it as a form of government stimulus, to a certain extent, Vivien. When you think about it, the actual refund checks are up. As far as -- we'll see how that plays out through the second quarter. Not everybody gets their refund checks in the first quarter. But we certainly want to highlight it for our consumer. 
I think the bigger call-out, though, and you saw it, was the wage inflation. And that's a piece that was benefiting our consumer, and that would be something that we would anticipate would be consistent throughout the year.

Yes. I appreciate the question, Pamela. I think when you think about our strategy in oral tobacco, it's to maximize profitability over the long term in the moist smokeless category with the strength of Copenhagen while making responsible investments in on! for -- to continue to fund its growth. 
We believe long term we can achieve tobacco-like margins within the oral nicotine pouch category. But certainly, to your point, we're in the investment period now. And you saw the significant growth we saw year-over-year, almost doubling volume from a comparison point first quarter-to-first quarter. And we've been trying to highlight all along, once we got past the manufacturing capacity constraint, that we wanted to invest to make sure it was in the consideration set of our consumers when they're making those choices for alternative products. 
What you'll see that we've started is really using our advanced analytics that we invested in to be more targeted with some of the promotions. But we're still in the investment period, and we'll remain in that for a period of time.

Yes, sure. Some of what you've seen is exactly what you highlighted, Pamela, which is, as the discretionary income comes under pressure, whether that's through inflation or gas prices or even mobility, you'll see some trade-down. 
I think if you think about the total cigarette consumer group, think about it as a bit of a barbell. There's a group of consumers that are at the bottom end of that, that are always buying the cheapest in the store. And so you see that occur. And you saw the benefit in Marlboro that we experienced when discretionary income wasn't under so much pressure. But the way we think about it is we're a premium-focused company, and you see this -- the rock-solid stability of Marlboro through time.

Yes. It's an interesting question. We don't disclose to that level, but we do see where wage inflation has -- and we tried to highlight a couple of the categories, but where wage inflation has benefited the tobacco consumer. And that's why we wanted to highlight that for you.

Yes. I think the macroeconomic environment, to your point, is very dynamic. Certainly, we would expect wage inflation to at least be consistent throughout the year in your hypothesis of it increasing, I guess, we'll see on how unemployment goes and how job openings respond to that. 
I think the other side, though, is the tailwind. You highlighted gas prices. We'll see where gas prices go through the remainder part of the year and where inflation trends. 
So I think it's very dynamic, and that's why we wanted to highlight some of the tailwinds and headwinds that we were seeing.

Yes. So when you think about the total nicotine, you've seen us highlight that a couple of times and really looking at how the consumer is moving around. And that's exactly why, Gaurav, we put the portfolio approach in place, because FDA decisions in one category put consumers at play and force them to other categories. And so we believe having the portfolio approach is important. 
And so you can take the e-vapor category depending on the decisions made by the FDA. That's why we highlight that, that category could be in a bit of a transition for the next year to 18 months as decisions come out and some products make it through and some products do not. Those consumers for products that do not make it will be at play either for other e-vapor products or other categories that they have in their consideration set.

Yes, Bonnie. So I'll try to address it. There were multiple parts there, but I'll try to address it with the strategy we implement. 
I think what you've seen with Marlboro, and we highlight it for you, is the rock-steady performance of Marlboro through time. I think when you think about the pricing and the promotions in the marketplace, we highlighted for you the way we're using advanced analytics and revenue growth management, as what most companies call it, being able to get closer to the consumer and provide more -- if we're having promotions, provide it closer to the individual consumers. And so whether that's through our retail trade programs, where we have multiple options for retail trade partners, to really have multiple solutions, store-level solutions versus more of a total geographic solution for consumers in the marketplace because, as you know, certain states, the consumer is under different economic health than other states. As well as, the ability to have our manufacturer off-invoice (sic) [ manufacturer-supported off-invoice ]. 
And so our price realization, I would just remind you, is made up of two components. It's list price and it's the efficiencies that we're getting through our revenue growth management and our advanced analytics. So when you think about that in totality, you see the steadiness of Marlboro and the efficiencies coming through the promotional process. And so it's allowing us to be more targeted and efficient with the way we spend promotions.

Yes. I think you see with the results through the first quarter. I think that was a -- from a macroeconomic standpoint, it was a pretty tough quarter. And you've seen other industries be impacted by that, and we were able to navigate that very nicely. Again, I would just highlight, with the advanced analytics and the tools we have available to us, we can be much more precise. 
When you look at the 12-month decomposition we provide on volume, you can see from a price elasticity it's holding firm from a standpoint of total price elasticity. You can really see it's just the macroeconomic factors that have switched around through time.

Yes. I appreciate it, Bonnie. And I know that you're looking for volume guidance that we don't provide. 
I think with this dynamic marketplace, the reason we give a range of guidance is we know that things are going to change for our consumer base, and we want to be able to provide the consumer what they need. And so that's why we put a range of guidance out there. 
Volume is one component, but there are multiple components that go into that guidance. So just to highlight one factor I don't think is appropriate. It's really -- we feel comfortable reaffirming that guidance in the quarter, and it's really about keeping an eye on how the consumer is bearing through this macroeconomic environment.

Yes. I think it's tough to say. I think with some of the alternative products that are in the marketplace, certainly if there were an outright ban, using your hypothetical, to menthol, the consumer for the menthol cigarettes will either go to the illegal market, as we highlighted, under unintended consequences of an outright ban or look to either non-menthol cigarettes or alternative products. So it's tough to say where they will go. I think if you look at some of the research, I think there's limited research on it, but some would say that they would convert to non-menthol cigarettes. 
I think the better point here, though, is -- if you step back, prohibition, at least through history, hasn't worked. The better approach is to have these alternative products and allow -- we know consumers want to move to alternative products that have the potential to reduce harm. That seems like that should be the focus and a better approach than an outright ban.

Yes. We'll have to wait to see what the proposal that comes out and how it approaches menthol. We would really look to, as we said, to support our vision and really look to move the consumer down the continuum of risk. And so that's the way we would approach it with the alternative products that are in the marketplace. But certainly, it's ultimately the consumer's choice.