Thanks, Mac. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. 
Altria delivered outstanding results in 2021 across our businesses, including strong financial performance, progress toward our vision and advancements in our ESG efforts. This morning, we'll highlight our accomplishment in each of these areas. 
First, Altria grew its 2021 adjusted diluted earnings per share by 5.7% driven in part by the resiliency of our cigarette, cigar and moist smokeless tobacco businesses. Additionally, we returned more than $8.1 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. This total represents the third largest single year cash return in Altria's history and the largest annual return since 2002. 
We have continued to make progress toward our vision of responsibly leading the transition of adult smokers to a smoke-free future. Our teams took several steps forward in 2021, including accelerating the retail share growth of on! and further enhancing the capabilities to expand heated tobacco and other new U.S. tobacco products; advancing the science, research and development behind our smoke-free products; advocating for tobacco harm reduction by encouraging the FDA and other stakeholders to address the widely held nicotine misperceptions in society; and we made excellent strides in establishing a best-in-class consumer engagement system to support smoker transition to smoke-free products. 
Our system leverages robust transactional data and our advanced analytic capabilities to engage with consumers at the point of purchase. 
Finally, some of our achievements across our responsibility focus areas,included publishing six corporate responsibility reports, summarizing our progress in critical areas, such as harm reduction and underage prevention, and publishing our inaugural task force on climate-related financial disclosures report. 
We were recognized for the second consecutive year with a AA rating from CDP for climate and water stewardship. And we advanced our internal talent and cultural goals, embraced workplace flexibility and embedded inclusion and diversity considerations within our performance review process to hold our leaders accountable. We're excited to share more about our responsibility efforts and our consumer engagement system next month at CAGNY. 
2021 was a dynamic year for the U.S. tobacco industry, and total industry volumes were influenced by several factors, including pandemic-induced shifts in consumer purchasing behavior and tobacco usage occasions, a continued trend towards smoke-free alternatives and an evolving regulatory and legislative landscape. 
Despite year-over-year volatility due to pandemic-related factors, total tobacco volume trends remained stable. In fact, we estimate that overall tobacco space volumes have decreased by 0.3% annualized for the past 2 years and by 0.8% over the last 5 years on a compounded annual basis. 
Diving deeper, total estimated equivalized volumes for smoke-free products in the U.S. grew to 3.8 billion equivalized units in 2021 and represented approximately 24% of the total tobacco space. We estimate the year-over-year increases in smoke-free volumes were driven by the e-vapor category, which result -- resumed its growth after a temporary pause in 2020 and on! nicotine pouches, which continue to grow rapidly from a small base. 
2021 smoke-free volumes also benefited from the geographic expansion of IQOS in the heated tobacco category, but we're pressured by modest declines in the MST category due to shifts in consumer purchasing behavior and movement to other smoke-free categories. 
And in combustibles, volume declined to approximately 11.8 billion equivalized units driven by several factors, which Sal will discuss later in his remarks. 
Turning to our smoke-free product portfolio. We're excited by the exceptional performance of on! and on! nicotine pouches. on! retail share of oral tobacco increased by nearly a full share point sequentially, reaching 3.9 share points for the fourth quarter and nearly doubling its share over the past 6 months. 
These strong results were primarily driven by an increase in [ multi-can ] purchases. As of the end of the year, on! was available for sale in approximately 117,000 U.S. retail stores. 
The on! nicotine pouch category reached a total oral tobacco retail share of 17.9 percentage points in the fourth quarter, growing 7.4 share points year-over-year. We're encouraged that on! represented more than 1/3 of this growth, and the brand is proving to be a highly competitive product in the space. 
Our premarket tobacco applications for the entire on! portfolio remained pending with the FDA, and we believe that the FDA should determine that the marketing of these products is appropriate for the protection of public health. We are actively working on modified risk tobacco product applications for on! and expect to submit these applications to the FDA by the end of this year. 
We believe an MRTP claim would be an impactful point of differentiation for the brand and an important tool in educating and ultimately transitioning smokers to less harmful products. 
In heated tobacco, our teams made excellent progress with IQOS in the Northern Virginia market, with Marlboro HeatSticks achieving a 1.9% retail share of the cigarette category in stores with distribution for the month of October. Unfortunately, PM USA had to remove IQOS from the market in November due to the International Trade Commission's importation ban and cease and desist orders. 
PMI is responsible for IQOS manufacturing, and we have been in contact regarding product availability. At the present time, we do not expect to have access to IQOS devices or Marlboro HeatSticks in 2022. However, we remain focused on returning IQOS to the market as soon as possible. Our teams are actively working on reentry plans, and we expect to be ready to bring IQOS back to U.S. consumers when available. 
Our agreement with PMI contemplates disruptions, such as those caused by the ITC orders, and requires the parties to negotiate in good faith to amend the agreement appropriately. 
In the second quarter of 2020, we disclosed 2 milestones in our IQOS agreement with PMI necessary for PM USA to maintain its exclusive license and distribution rights for IQOS in the U.S. and to earn the renewal option for an additional 5-year term. 
The initial 5-year term does not expire until April of 2024, but we believe that PM USA has already met these milestones based on the strong performance of IQOS in the Charlotte and Northern Virginia markets. 
PMI has communicated that it disagrees with our position. We expect to continue discussing these matters with PMI. We firmly believe that heated tobacco products can play an important role in U.S. harm reduction, and we are continuing our efforts to support the category's growth. 
We have gained significant knowledge from our IQOS commercialization efforts, which we expect to use going forward. Our teams learned how to educate U.S. smokers on a brand-new tobacco category and how to effectively support their transition journey to smoke-free alternatives. 
We demonstrated improved performance in each successive market and gained valuable knowledge on leveraging MRTP claims to transition smokers. Additionally, we have built a robust post-market surveillance system, all of which we believe will position us to successfully achieve our objective of moving beyond smoking. 
Moving to the e-vapor category. The 2021 Monitoring the Future study was recently released, and the data showed positive improvements in underage usage trends. Both underage use of nicotine vaping products and JUUL specifically show continued signs of decline. 
The latest data shows that JUUL underage usage is down by 70% from 2019, with total underage nicotine vaping down 27% over the same period. We are encouraged by the progress, but more still needs to be done, and we remain committed to continuing our work to reduce underage use of all tobacco products. 
Turning to the regulatory environment. The FDA is currently weighing several decisions that we believe will shape the future of harm reduction in the U.S. In the e-vapor category, the FDA has issued marketing denial orders for many e-vapor PMTAs, predominantly, applications for open systems and flavored e-liquids. These denial orders have resulted in significant litigation across the country. 
In the meantime, PMTAs for most leading e-vapor products, including JUUL, are still on an FDA review. The FDA granted its first e-vapor market order last year for the tobacco variant of a cigar-like product. The FDA has not reached a final decision for that manufacturer's menthol variant, but did deny its submissions for its other flavored cartridges. 
In oral tobacco, PMTAs for the leading oral nicotine pouch products including on!, remain pending with the FDA. Last year, the FDA granted the first market authorizations among innovative oral tobacco products for our Verve discs and chews in the flavors of Green Mint and Blue Mint. 
These were also the first flavored product authorizations for newly deemed tobacco products. Additionally, MRTP applications previously submitted for Copenhagen Snuff and competitive snus products remain in FDA review. 
Finally, in combustibles, the FDA has stated that they are on track to issue proposed product standards by April 2022 regarding menthol in cigarettes and characterizing flavors in cigars. As a reminder, the FDA rule-making process for these and all potential product standards has multiple steps and provide several opportunities for stakeholders to provide input. 
There are formal requirements related to public notice and comment and steps requiring the office of management and budget to assess economic consequences at several points in the process. Importantly, if the FDA chooses to move forward with their final rules, they must address all comments received throughout the rule-making process. 
Of course, any final rule must take into account the potential for unintended consequences and would be subject to legal challenges. We plan to review the proposed rules in detail and intend to engage with the FDA throughout the rule-making process on each of these issues. 
We remain optimistic about the future of harm reduction in the U.S. We believe we have an unprecedented opportunity to lead the way in shifting millions of smokers away from cigarettes, if we follow the science and foster innovation with the support of reasonable regulation. 
We are encouraged that the FDA has authorized a product in each of the 3 major smoke-free categories. Going forward, this year, we expect the FDA to carefully consider the scientific merits of each remaining application, and we're hopeful for significant progress in product marketing and claim authorizations. 
I would like to end my commentary regarding 2021 with the message to Altria's employees. Thank you for your dedication, passion and creativity through a difficult period. We experienced several challenges last year in both our professional and personal lives, and I admire your resiliency and fortitude. You are a driving force in moving beyond smoking, and we are very appreciative of your efforts and commitment. 
Let's now move to our financial outlook for 2022. Our plans for the year ahead include a continuation of our strategy to balance earnings growth and shareholder returns, with investments toward our vision. For 2022, our planned investment areas include digital consumer engagement, smoke-free product research, development and regulatory preparations and marketplace activities in support of our smoke-free products. 
The external environment remains dynamic, however, and we're monitoring various factors such as the economy, including the impact of increased inflation; the impact of current and potential future COVID-19 variants and mitigation strategies; tobacco consumer dynamics, including tobacco usage occasions and available disposable income; and regulatory and legislative developments. 
Taking these factors into consideration, we expect to deliver 2022 full year adjusted diluted EPS in a range of $4.79 to $4.93. This range represents an adjusted diluted EPS growth rate of 4% to 7% from a $4.61 base in 2021. 
We expect 2022 adjusted diluted EPS growth to be weighted toward the second half of the year. Our guidance includes anticipated inflationary increases in master settlement agreement expenses and direct materials expenses and our current expectation that we will not have access to the IQOS system in 2022. 
I'll now turn it over to Sal to provide more detail on the business environment and our results.

Pamela, thanks for your question. I think I would start with Marlboro's share. I mean, when you look at Marlboro's share performance over the past 8 quarters, it has been stable. So you can look at kind of this period in the pandemic to pre-pandemic levels and you see Marlboro has remained strong throughout that period. 
I think when we went through the pandemic, though, there were several macroeconomic tailwinds, so -- and we've mentioned them before. There was lower consumer mobility. There was higher government stimulus payments and, what we believe, led to increased smoking occasions. 
And when you think about that, that led to increased or higher discretionary income for competitive adult smokers who then traded up to Marlboro. And I think that really showed the continued appeal of premium brands. 
Now as we start seeing some of those pressures you're referring to put pressure or decrease the discretionary spend of some of our consumers, you see the more price-sensitive adult smokers moving back to discount brands, and I think that would be expected. 
Look, we believe that the current discount share, to your point, is at the high end of historical norms, but we do expect quarterly fluctuations in share to continue until the economy begins to stabilize from the pandemic. 
I think, overall, from a pricing standpoint, and I'll be careful not to talk about future pricing, you recall the 4 factors that we look at to make pricing decisions, strength of the brand, the economic health of our consumers, the demographics or relevancy of the brands across the various age cohorts and corporate objectives. And I think when you think about the strength of the brand, I would remind you that like Marlboro has over 90% loyalty, and that I think has shown through the 8 quarters of stability.

Yes. It's a great question. I appreciate you raising it. I think when you think about it, Pamela, we had talked, as we progressed through 2020 that we were really focused on getting past the manufacturing capacity constraints, and that would allow us to really start engaging with the consumer. 
So now being in the 117,000 stores, you want to have a nice look at retail. You're going to want to engage with smokers with equity messages that go to the consumer, whether through direct mail or through digital. 
And then because you're introducing a new category and is growing, you want to have some disruption at retail, both with the look and with some price off, and so you have price promotions that take place in the marketplace. 
So those are the major factors that, as we're investing in on! and it's growing, impact the overall oral tobacco category from a margin standpoint. I know you would like me to say this is the exact date we expect to end that, but I think as you think about a growing category, and on! certainly participated in that growth, we're going to invest appropriately as that category continues to grow.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Bonnie. And it was pretty packed up, so I'll try to unpack it. But if I miss any point, please follow up. 
I think when you think about guidance overall, right, we run a range of scenarios across all the categories we participate in, and there are always puts and takes in those various scenarios. 
And it's important to remember when mindful that we're still in a pandemic environment and that we want to ensure we have the flexibility to adapt to our adult consumers as we progress through the year, and they're making different choices. 
As far as the investment areas, I know you would like us to say this is exactly when we're going to bring this product, and here's what it looks like. I think it's important to step back and think about where we're investing, and it really is marketplace activities for support of the products we have in the marketplace. 
It's also investing in the digital consumer engagement, being able to get closer to the consumer on a one-on-one basis, and we'll share more details of that at CAGNY. 
And then it's not just research and development. It's also the regulatory preparations that take place. So for instance, in 2022, we're preparing the MRTP application for the on! portfolio. 
So there's a vast array of investments. It does include product development in R&D. And so that's kind of how we look at 2022 and how we're moving forward. 
I think when you look at the vision, even if you look overseas where they're able to innovate much quicker, you see the consumer constantly moving from a technology standpoint through the various options that are available to them. And so we want to make sure that we're investing appropriately to stay paced or actually be ahead of where the consumer is going to be as we progress through time. And so that's how we think about product development in the -- from a fitting into the portfolio to address that point of your question.

Yes. I think from a guidepost standpoint, and we get this question often, is I think it's a bit different in the U.S. where we're predominantly based versus overseas. Remember, everything has to go through the FDA authorization process and really, the entire harm reduction opportunities in front of us in the U.S. 
And so I think as we progress and we start seeing some of the FDA authorizations come through, we'll be sure to share some guideposts on how we're thinking about measuring going forward. I know that's what you and the investors want. It's just that we need to get through the FDA authorization process and understand how they're going to think about and authorize these products going forward. And then we can provide some guideposts to be measured against in that regard. 
I think, overall, though, and we've shared this before, call it, roughly half to slightly over half of adult consumer -- cigarette consumers in the U.S. prefer or would desire an alternative product that satisfies them and has the potential to reduce the risk associated with using nicotine through time. So we want to consistently provide those consumers the products and transition them to the smoke-free products. 
From a standpoint of the 2030 vision, I mentioned that the entire RRP opportunities in front of us, and what we feel like we have is we have the infrastructure to support that, whether you think about government affairs or regulatory affairs, a top-notch sales force. We have product development. 
We engage with the largest number of U.S. adult tobacco consumers through our brand -- premium brands and our digital capabilities. And if you step back, and we have strong core businesses that produce lots of cash that allow us to fund our investments. And I believe if you ask consumers, we have credibility with the adult tobacco consumer. 
So your last question, if I recall them all correctly, was M&A versus internal. Look, we monitor what's taking place around the world, and we're extremely focused on our organic development, staying close to the consumer as we continue with that process.

Yes. I appreciate it. I want to appreciate your question. Look, we disclosed what we felt like we could from a standpoint. Remember, we have cross confidentiality in place with PMI, and we disclosed that in 2020 because we thought it was important for you guys and the investors to know that there were performance objectives in the contract. 
We feel like we have hit those as far as the extension or renegotiation that's taken place. Look, we described that we feel like we hit on PMI in disagreement with that and their mechanisms in the contract to be able to settle any disputes that take place. You can see with any 2 parties that have an agreement, there can be disputes or disagreements, and that was all contemplated in the agreement.

Yes. Thanks for the question, Vivien. I think when you think about the entire Marlboro portfolio, remember, that services 4 out of every 10 consumers that go to the marketplace. You have consumers that the Marlboro brand appeals to them. And I mentioned it earlier, those price-sensitive consumers, it still appeal to them. And when they have extra discretionary income, they want to trade up. 
Across the portfolio with the tools that you mentioned, we can provide the consumer a safe landing, with various parts of the portfolio where they can stay in the Marlboro franchise. And we see that's better for them than actually losing them or having them trade up and try to win them back later. 
And so we have the advanced analytics. We have this robust data coming in from retail. And now with those tools, we're trying to provide it closer and closer to the individual consumer. And we feel like we have the tools that allow us to navigate this type of pressure that the consumer is under. 
I think it's important, though, to remember that our goal is not to grow Marlboro share through time. It's to stabilize it, so that we can grow profitability through time. And so that's where our overall goal is specific to the Marlboro franchise, and then we use the tools in the portfolio to be able to do that.

Sure. I think when you think about the promotional spending there, look, we had to get past manufacturing capacity constraints. So we certainly had a competitor get out there much earlier than us. And so we want to be a bit disruptive in the marketplace to disrupt the consumers from their normal purchasing behavior in the category or if they're thinking about the category. 
The same tools that you think agree with that we have in the cigarette category, we're using those tools in this space as well. So we're constantly using those tools with the data we're getting from retail, with the feedback we're getting from consumers and understanding what's effective and what's not effective. 
And so we'll be continually adjusting those as we move through time to improve the share growth and through -- once we get past the investment period to get increased margins and profitability.

I think when you think about cigarette volume, it's certainly an important factor in that, but there are always puts and takes that take place in the P&L. And so as I mentioned, Chris, we run a range of scenarios. And in those scenarios, we have puts and takes that take place across the various categories. Certainly, cigarette volume is one of the factors, but it's not the only factor.

It's something we'll certainly monitor, Chris, going through time. And we talked about, look, we're mindful of keeping pace and understanding how we need to adapt to our consumers across all of our categories. 
I think I go back to the comment I made to Vivien. Our goal with Marlboro is not to grow share through time. It's to have stable share and be able to grow profitability. And I think you see we were very successful with that in 2020.

Yes. I'm not going to go into the hypothetical there, Callum. I think you can appreciate that we feel like we can resolve it. It was pretty thought out with the agreement that the mechanism is in place to settle disputes, and so we'll go through that process. But we're in continued discussions with PMI.

We are not. If you think about -- even if you go back to the cigarette category, when we launch Chews and -- whether it be on Marlboro or any of our other brands, you always had introductory price promotions. 
It's important to remember when our consumer is going to and C-stores is one of the primary locations they go to, they're making that decision in 10 to 15 seconds. It's the snap of an eye almost. 
And so when you think about that, you want to disrupt them at retail, not only with price promotions, but with a great look at retail or disrupt them either in their mailbox or their e-mail box with -- through digital. And so we're going to use all of those tools available to us, but we feel like we have strong equity and building strong equity with on!.

Yes. I think from an R&D portfolio, I'll take that first, you'll remember our agreement with JUUL precludes us from being able to do any organic development in e-vapor. So that's one category that we do not have any organic development going on. 
If you think about the 2030 vision, the way we think about the e-vapor category, certainly as the entire category is going through the FDA authorization process as they make decisions, the e-vapor category will be in a bit of transition. But we believe the e-vapor category and JUUL included in that can play an important role in the U.S. in harm reduction and the future of harm reduction. 
So when you think about that, e-vapor can play an important role, but it's going to be in a bit of a transition as it goes through the FDA authorization process.

There -- our only participation in the e-vapor category would be through our minority investment in JUUL. And I think if you step back and see the success JUUL had in the marketplace with converting adult smokers to the e-vapor category, you'll see that it still has the lead in market share in the U.S. with adult tobacco consumers.