And I would just add, Lauren, that Omicron hasn't helped. It further pressurizes the dynamics that Andre spoke about, and it just reduces the resources we have available at any point in time to work on these things. When -- as people become infected and need to quarantine, as they need to take care of family members, as children's schools are closed, all of those things have a real impact, which, to Andre's point, should lighten as hopefully everyone on the call, please cross your fingers as we go forward.

I just want to underscore something that Andre said. Remember that the pricing that we've announced, even though pricing has taken effect at shelf, we didn't have a full quarter benefit from in the quarter we just completed. So that simple roll forward is a help. And the majority of the pricing that we've announced has not yet taken place.

And just a reminder of the obvious, we're dealing with commodity cost increases that affect every competitor, both multinational and local, which changes the dynamic pretty considerably versus, for example, pricing for foreign exchange, which has a differential impact across the competitive set. So it's not an easy job, but it's an easier job that we've managed, as Andre said, successfully in many geographies in the recent past.

Kevin, this is Jon. A couple of points on large M&A. The first very, very important point is we like our current portfolio. We have confidence that we can create value with that portfolio. And frankly, all parts of it are working. Andre mentioned that we're growing market share in 9 out of 10 of those categories. And importantly, that market share growth is not taking business, it's creating business in large part, affecting the overall growth of the market. So we're in a very healthy situation with a very healthy portfolio that's underpinned with a clear set of priorities and a very effective tightly integrated set of strategies. 
And we're adding -- or we're strengthening our strategic execution by a focus on 4 areas. One is supply, the second is digital confidence across the value chain, the third is employee value and the fourth is sustainability. We like that hand overall. 
Second point, our algorithm, growing slightly ahead of the market with EPS up mid to high singles, assumes 100% organic growth. So again, we don't need large M&A to deliver against that. And we certainly haven't utilized large M&A in the last 4- or 5-year period when we've been delivering very regularly on that expectation. 
A couple of other points, and then I'll get to Beauty, and then Andre may have some comments on Beauty as well. The -- we have said many times that there -- that we'd intend to win in these 10 categories that we've selected. And that acquisition would be a part of the way that we may choose to fill out categories in order to win. And we've talked about 2 categories, in particular, that would be particular focus areas. One is Skin Care, and the other is Personal Health Care. So all of that remains as true. 
The last point I would make, which is, I realize, not very helpful to the audience at hand, but as a matter of policy, we don't comment further than what I just have on acquisition or divestiture. 
On Beauty, I want to clarify what I think has been a little bit of a misunderstanding. When we made the portfolio decisions as to what we were going to move out on Beauty and what we were going to stay in, we did not make price tier decisions. We did not exit premium Beauty. We made category decisions. And we exited several categories that were more discretionary, that were not daily use and where performance had a lower role in driving brand choice. 
So for example, we maintained our most premium Beauty offering, SK-II. So this notion that we're -- we've got out of a price tier and now we're getting back in is not the way to think about it. We got out of categories, and we're strengthening those categories. And these -- the brands that we have purchased, as Andre said earlier, play in the premium portion of the beauty categories, which are the fastest growing from a market standpoint to date and obviously give us ample opportunity to create value given their margin structure. Andre, anything to add?

Just a couple of additional points on SK-II to hopefully make it clearer and bring it to life what's actually happening here. If you dramatically simplify the SK-II business, you would simplify it historically into 2 primary channels. One is travel retail and the other is department store. And in both of those channels, it was -- it's typically been a counseled product, meaning there's some -- there's a knowledgeable person in the store to help you understand the benefits of the product and which elements are right for you. 
With COVID, travel retail largely closed. In many parts of Asia, inability of counselors to go to work for the multitude of reasons we're all familiar with, including some regulatory prohibitions. If you look at Japan, you have that dynamic, plus you have what was a major source of business, which was Chinese travelers going to Japan to department stores to buy a product to bring back to their friends and family, that's not happening. 
So when you ask why is SK-II currently soft, those are the reasons and, as Andre indicated, has nothing to do with the equity or strength of the brand. We've converted, and I really applaud the team for doing this, a fair amount of that purchase from those channels to more local channels that support local consumption, but still the impact has been significant.

Let me just add a couple of things here, Wendy. Our Beauty business, historically, has been built this way. So we acquired, for example, Old Spice. We acquired Olay. Pantene and Head & Shoulders were tiny. We're talking less than $100 million in sales and now they are 2 of the largest shampoos in the world. That doesn't give us any guarantee, but it's certainly, as Andre was indicating, a strong track record to build from. That's point one. 
Point two, relative to the company's ability to handle M&A -- and by the way, and spending time on this, I'm not suggesting that the emphasis or focus has shifted in that direction by any stretch of the imagination. The best example that I can point to, because we've had the longest track record with it, is the Merck OTC acquisition. Different category, but so far, an incredibly successful acquisition. Our OTC business grew at 20% in the quarter that we just completed and is doing so very profitably. 
Having said all that, probably more than any other person, and I don't mean to personalize this, I've got more blood on my back from cleaning up lots of small brands. I spent 4 years of my life doing it. We are going to be very disciplined, and we'll get an early read on whether we think things are going to work according to plan or not. And if not, we'll pivot.

But directionally, Nik, which is what leads you to your question, there is no doubt at present that demand is stronger than supply. Andre is absolutely right. I don't know how to quantify it either. But as we address some of the opportunities, and that's how I view it, within the supply community, there should be upside beyond kind of our internal forecast and what you might expect. That's assuming, of course, that demand continues at current levels. 
Relative to Gen Z consumers, and you proffered several avenues to reach and delight those consumers, I think all are on the table. 
There's another group of consumers that we're working to expand our coverage to. And we're, frankly, underdeveloped, and that's the multicultural consumer in the U.S. as an example. The good news is these are the same consumers. The multicultural consumer or the Gen Z population is multicultural by definition. So in terms of having a size of prize here that merits consideration of all the choices you mentioned, it's significant, and we're all over it.

Just the point of Bill's question on innovation. We've called out many times our supply organization. Our innovation organization deserves tremendous credit. You don't contribute disproportionately to market growth across our breadth of categories and, as a result, grow share past 3, 6 and 12 months in 9 out of 10 categories without an incredible innovation capability and effort. 
And one of the first things we did as we were meeting every morning, literally daily when COVID started, was to figure out what were the health protocols that would allow us to get our R&D colleagues back in the office working together, collaborating, innovating, creating superior offerings as quickly as possible. And they've -- there are certainly challenges but they have done a tremendous job of keeping this pipeline intact. And I've never felt better about our innovation capability, in our ability, as Andre describes, to keep raising the bar on superiority.

Almost all of our products that are consumed in China are made in China. Local competition is strong and continues to get stronger, which is a good thing. It's a constructive force in the market. It leads to market growth and expansion. It leads to positive consumer experiences with a category or a segment, and it's something that we welcome. 
I don't have specific numbers for you in terms of progress of local versus international offerings but that's current status. And I know it's not why you asked your question but there have been understandably a fair number of questions on China. 
I would just draw your view, as Andre said earlier, importantly, at any point in time, in any quarter, we're going to have challenges. Those challenges so far haven't led to major business loss. They've led to growth slowdown in some cases, which we fully offset in other parts of the world. It's a pretty incredible feat. Sorry for the self-congratulatory tone, but I'm really congratulating the broad organization. To have flat growth in a quarter in your second largest market and deliver over 6% top line growth, it really speaks to the strength of the portfolio, the strength of the strategy, which I'll come back to at the very end of this call.

So I just have a couple of closing comments. One, on pricing. Remember, pricing is an inherent part of our business model. As an innovation-centered company, we aim to create products that address better every day consumer needs and problems and can typically command some pricing while increasing the overall value proposition to consumers with those more efficacious offerings. 
Pricing has been a positive component of our top line for 42 out of the last 45 quarters and 17 out of the last 18 years. So while the level of pricing we're talking about here, to be fair, is typically a different level, this is not a dynamic that we're unfamiliar with. And as Andre said earlier, we certainly have significant historical and recent experience in developing markets. None of that is a guarantee but this is not new territory. 
Last thing I want to leave you with, there will be bumps in this road. There will be cases where we take pricing, and we either encounter the consumer reaction that some of you are rightly looking to or a competitive reaction. There is no doubt in my mind that there will be bumps in this road. But so far, it's going very well. 
Related to that, there has never been more volatility that we're having to manage across the geopolitical spectrum, the regulatory spectrum, the health spectrum, the supply spectrum, the labor spectrum. So I guarantee you, as we said in the last quarter discussion, that we will encounter sources of volatility and degrees of volatility that, sitting here today, we can't imagine. That's been true each day, week and month of the last 2 years. 
And so when you look at any one variable or one scenario, it's difficult to find relevance. My encouragement is to reflect back to strategy, portfolio, ability to execute to identify those companies that will get through this the best, albeit with bumps on the road. And I think we've demonstrated, thus far, incredible strength of portfolio, of strategy, of execution, and we're committed to keep that going. 
We're here the balance of the day. John is, Andre is and don't hesitate to contact us.