I'd like to add some perspective on our results, especially the top line sales and share growth. The sales growth was softer than we want, but share is showing why I am confident that interventions are working and moving us forward in a sustainable way. We have more brands, categories in countries growing than we did last year or the year before. The trends over time are very clear. 
Importantly, the improvements are driven by the strategic interventions and plans, starting with interventions to improve the superiority of our products, packages, communications, go to market and value, both consumer and customer. 
I'd like to provide some highlights on the progress on brands and markets, and then go into more detail on the actions and impact of our choices. First, some quick highlights. As Jon said, 8 of 10 product categories and 18 of our top 25 brands held or grew organic sales in fiscal '18. SK-II grew more than 30%. Downy grew sales double digits, driving mid-single-digit growth on the fabric enhancer category, and over 1 point of value share growth over the past 3, 6 and 12 months. 
Eight brands grew organic sales mid to high-single digits, including Ariel, Always, Olay, Oral-B, Old Spice, Braun, Febreze and Swiffer. 
12 of our top 15 countries held or grew organic sales in fiscal '18 with 6 of those growing mid-single digits or faster. Turkey and India each delivered strong double-digit growth, with all categories in each country growing sales. Japan grew mid-single digits with value share up over 0.5 point for the year and up more than 1 point the past 6 and 3 months. Mexico grew organic sales in mid-single digits. 26 of our largest category country combinations held or grew market share, up from 21 of 50 last year. 
As Jon had said, we have more work to do to accelerate results. We clearly are operating in a very dynamic environment, changing government policies, including tax, trade and privacy, retail transformation, disruption of the media ecosystem, rising input and transportation costs and foreign exchange headwinds, with highly capable multinational and local competitors determined to win. We are accelerating changes to meet these challenges and further improve results. This will enable us to spot and capitalize on opportunities and identify and fix issues faster than we ever had in the past. We will be the disruptors in our industry. We're investing to improve superiority, our margin of advantage. We're making P&G ever more productive. We are structuring an organization and building a culture that continues to put us in front of change, riding the wave of this dynamic environment versus being hit by it. We're leading disruption in cost of value chain, innovation, supply systems, consumer communication, retail execution, customer and consumer value to consistently and sustainably grow sales, margins and cash. 
And next, I'd like to offer a few points on superiority, which is really our basis to win. We've made a deliberate choice to invest in the superiority of our products in packages, retail execution, marketing and value and not just in the premium tier, but in each price tier where we compete. We need to strengthen the long-term health and competitiveness of our brands. To do this, we've raised our standards for each of these superiority drivers. 
In brand country combinations, where we judge ourself to be noticeably superior in at least 4 of the 5 elements, we deliver meaningful improvement in key business success measures, including household penetration, which is the number of people that buy our brands each year; market growth critical to us and our retailers; value share growth; sales growth; and profit, all 80% of the time. When we are superior in just 3 or few other superiority elements, we grow all of the business success measures 0% of the time. 
A few examples of where superiority is driving growth include our Fabric Care business where, in the U.S., we grew organic volume 6% behind superior innovations, like Tide PODS, Gain Flings and fabric enhancer scent beads. These innovations had been the driving force of Fabric Care market growth. Unit-dose detergents and scent beads have driven Japan Fabric Care to record organic sales growth of 9%. In Europe, Fabric Care organic sales grew 5% for the second consecutive year, driving category growth and delivering 27 consecutive months of share growth. 
Feminine Care has delivered 11 consecutive quarters of organic sales growth with the combination of outstanding product innovations and packaging on Always pads and Always Discreet in adult continence. They've developed compelling marketing campaigns that are building brand equity and driving trial. They're growing the category, earnings strong distribution and display of new items, they're driving trade-up to premium variants that consumers view as an excellent value for the product performance they receive. 
Turning to Skin Care, Olay and SK-II are serving different segments in the Skin Care markets, and both our delivering strong results by improving superiority. SK-II sales have grown for 15 consecutive quarters at an average rate of over 20%, including 30% last fiscal year. SK-II's superior product is based on a proprietary formula that works to dramatically rejuvenate the skin's appearance. It's a product that solves problems for consumers in a noticeable way. It's presented in prestige packaging that builds brand equity and consumer confidence in the product. 
SK-II's marketing campaign has accelerated growth of new users by connecting them on a more emotional level, while reinforcing product benefits. Excellent retail execution, in-stores and online, leverage a rich consumer database in technology, like our state-of-the-art skin analysis tool which we call the beauty imaging system to make a personal connection with consumers. The combination of this support SK-II's premium price and value for the consumer. 
Olay in China has delivered 5 consecutive quarters of double-digit organic sales growth behind superiority across all touch points. We launched Olay Cellscience last year, Olay's first-ever super peptide formula, delivering visible skin transformation in 28 days. We've upgraded Olay packaging to prestige-like quality and attractiveness. We've completely revamped our Olay beauty counselor program, where we've used a number of beauty counters and upgraded the remaining counters with higher and tighter standards. Our fearless of age (sic) [ #FearlessAtAnyAge ] campaign with an empowering message for consumers has driven consumption and has contributed to strong e-commerce sales that are up 80% fiscal year-to-date and has grown Olay's market share. 
And we've talked about the work we're doing to respond to a changing world and changing consumer needs, including increased demand for natural and sustainable products. We've now introduced products in nearly every category that address these emerging consumer needs: Tide purclean; Gain Botanicals; Dreft purtouch; ZzzQuil PURE Zzzs; Febreze ONE; Whisper Pure Cotton. And more recently, we just launched Pampers Pure Protection diapers and Aqua Pure wipes. Our natural segment offerings quadrupled sales in fiscal '18. We expect more than double sales again in '19. 
We're in this game and in this important segment to win. We're augmenting organic innovations with acquisitions made of a natural deodorant in Snowberry Skin Care, a naturals brand based in New Zealand. We recently announced our agreement to acquire First Aid Beauty, a full line of prestige quality skin care products that deliver superior skin health solutions specifically designed for sensitive skin and skin conditions like redness, irritation and eczema. 
We are leveraging lean innovation practices to create and extend product and packaging superiority faster and more cost effectively than ever before, and Pampers Pure is a good example. It reached the market in half the time of a typical product innovation in a very capital-intensive diaper category. We're using a lean approach to explore how we can solve new problems for consumers, addressing new jobs to be done. We have several new products in various stages of market testing right now. We brought them to that point at a fraction of the time and investment it would have taken us without this lean approach. 
We're making a big move to more deliberately consider and pursue external monetization of P&G innovation in noncompeting industries and, occasionally, where we think the benefit of sharing the innovation will enhance value creation and the societal benefit can be meaningful, we may make the technology available within our competitor sets. I'll give you an example. Air-Assist packaging that we invented for e-commerce shipping of liquids that deliver significantly better visual impression and end user experience, and it reduces plastic usage by 50%. We just started licensing this technology broadly. We're doing the same with other P&G innovations that provide significant sustainability benefits. 
We invented a breakthrough technology to revolutionize the plastic recycling industry. It separates color, odor and other contaminants from recycled polypropylene plastic to purify it into a nearly new quality resin. By allowing others to utilize and commercialize this technology, we'll lower the cost, unlock value and improve environmental sustainability of entire industries. 
In addition to products and packages, we're improving the superiority of consumer communication and retail execution as well as consumer and customer value. At this year's Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, P&G and our agencies won 26 Lions for the outstanding work on P&G brand campaigns, including 2 of the Grand Prix honors for the "It's a Tide Ad" campaign, which launched during the Super Bowl and "The Talk," which started an important conversation about racial bias. We used the forum to announce further commitments to advancing diversity and gender equality in our advertising. 
Now an external measure of our improved retail execution is the global Advantage monitor report, an independent retailer assessment of manufacturers across 7 key focus areas. Our objective is to be ranked #1 overall in the top 1/3 versus competition in all areas. For the third straight year, we were #1 ranked globally, with the highest number of countries ranking P&G as the #1 manufacturer. We also ranked #1 in all 7 practice areas for the second year in a row, with noticeable improvements in the categories of business relationship and support, important category development, supply chain and customer service. We've done this by improving our capability to take faster action with customers and align our people with the categories they sell. We've increased investments to improve retail execution, distribution assortment and display and consumer and customer value, all important elements of our superiority strategy. 
We're making good progress on extending our [ margin of ] advantage and increasing the quality of execution, but we face highly capable competitors who continue to innovate their products and business models. Addressing these challenges and extending our product and package advantages, superior execution and consumer and customer value will require continued investment. The need for this investment and the need to drive balanced top and bottom line growth, including margin expansion, underscores the importance of productivity. 
We are driving cost savings and efficiency improvement in all facets of our business, approaching the midpoint of our second 5-year $10 billion productivity program. We've consistently delivered $1.2 billion to $1.6 billion in annual cost of goods sold savings. I expect we'll be at the high end of the range again this fiscal year. 
Another area of savings is the elimination of substantial waste in the media supply chain. A year ago, we highlighted the need for media transparency with 5 calls to action: one viewability standard; third-party measurement verification; transparent agency contracts; fraud elimination; and brand safety. The entire industry stepped up, including strong partnerships with Google and Facebook to take action on their platforms. The progress has been impressive, about 90% complete on delivering the appropriate standards and measurements. These efforts enable us to cut waste and reduce media cost by 20%. 
In addition, we have eliminated waste related to excess frequency. A deeper look at third-party data indicated that some consumers were being reached by our ads 10 to 20 times in a month, significantly higher than our suggested average of 3. We've reduced excess frequency and reinvested these savings to increase media reach, the number of consumers seeing our ads, by a 10% -- by about 10% and trial-building activities by 50%. We see further opportunity moving from wasteful mass marketing to mass one-to-one brand building enabled by data and technology. 
In China, where 70% of our media is digital and 30% of our sales are on e-commerce, we have one of the largest data management platforms in the country, which we use for consumer analytics. We can effectively manage frequency and engage people when and where it matters. We save 30% on digital spending in China, while increasing digital reach by 60%. 
We're reinventing advertising for mass clutter to less doing more. For example, Olay China was running up to 6 different ads at a time and changing ads every 2 months. We now focus on one highly effective ad and stick with it over time. With fewer ads and lower frequency, we focus on creating deeper, one-to-one engagement by improving in-store presence. With these interventions, Olay China has delivered its fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth with media spending down 50% over the past 2 years. 
With our access to data and analytics and experienced purchasing professionals, we can bring more media buys in-house. We are returning to one-stop shops where it makes sense, reuniting media and creative. We're implementing a fixed-and-flow model, reducing the number of agencies on fixed retrainers, while flowing creative resources in and out on an as-needed basis. These changes not only reduce the number of agencies and save money, but lead to better quality, greater creativity and faster ad development cycle times. 
We've delivered nearly $1 billion of savings in advertising agency fees and production costs over the last 4 years. We see more savings potential on these areas, along with more efficiency and media delivery. We expect the majority of these savings to be reinvested in more effective delivery of ads to more consumers. 
We'll continue to drive savings in the organization, redeploying resources closer to customers and customers, improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our business to operate at the speed of the market. We're focused on cost productivity and cash. We've made great progress on working capital. Over the past 5 years, we've improved receivables by 3 days, inventory by 10 days and payables by more than 30 days. 
We're driving down cost in inventory with our supply network transformation. We're making progress toward our vision of synchronizing the supply chain with real-time point of sales data with the consumer purchase, triggering updates to our manufacturing schedules and orders of materials to suppliers. 
Our 6 new mixing centers in North America are enabling faster customer response times and optimize mixed product loads to improve customer service levels. 
P&G consistently holds best-in-class receivables positions. We're making further improvements by leveraging technology, using robotic process automation to digitize key elements of our work process. Over the last 3 years, in North America, we've delivered $100 million in savings and improved cash flow by reducing days outstanding by more than a day, while simultaneously improving productivity, reducing [ roles ] by 30% and organizational cost by 50%. 
An important cash productivity project has been supply chain financing, which we continue to expand. This program, which is a win for suppliers and for P&G, has yielded nearly $5 billion in cash in the 5 years we've been driving it. We improved payables by 5 full days last year on a constant currency basis. 
Now alongside the productivity work, we're making needed organization structure and culture changes to position us to win in the changing retail and competitive landscape. We're moving more resources into the businesses and closer to the consumers we serve with higher accountability, more agility and greater speed. We're simplifying the organization structure and clarifying responsibility and accountability. 
We're tailoring the organization to win by category and by market. One great example is Greater China, moving from minus 5 sales in fiscal '16 all the way to plus 7 in fiscal '18, behind China-specific innovations, more on-the-ground resources and better execution across all trade channels at the speed of China. We can't afford this level of on-the-ground resources by category in all markets. The direction in smaller markets has changed from every category managing low-level activities in each country to each category building a framework at the start of the year and enabling the local market experts to run the business consistent with those plans. The Malaysia, Singapore, Vietnam and distributor markets group is a great example. The group has accelerated organic sales growth from double-digit declines to strong growth over the last year. 
We're supplementing our internal talent with skilled, experienced external hiring to improve category mastery. We're strengthening compensation and incentive programs. A year ago, we increased the granularity of annual bonus awards, moving from about 20 bonus pools to over 100, tying incentives closer to results individuals deliver. Last December we announced that the board's compensation and leadership development committee modified the performance stock program available to our top 200 or so leaders to include relative sales growth metrics and a total shareholder return modifier to ensure awards reflect performance versus external competitive benchmarks. These changes go in effect this fiscal year. 
Last month, we announced further adjustments to the annual bonus program, increasing the percentage of total compensation at risk, increasing the weighting of business unit results versus company results, now with a 70% business and 30% company versus 50-50 in the past. We've widened the payout factors for the business unit and the company components to 0 to 200% of target and increased the number of people participating in the program. Each of these organization and culture changes are aimed at creating a company designed to win in today's market with today's consumer at the speed of the market, more agile, more, accountable, more efficient, more productive. Our focus on superiority, enabled by a strong productivity cost savings program and supported by an improved organization and culture, will yield faster growth, higher margins and strong cash generation. 
I'll turn it back to Jon to cover the outlook for fiscal 2019.

While the external environment presents many challenges, we're making important progress, and we're accelerating the pace of change. Our efforts to extend our margin of competitive superiority to drive productivity savings to fund investments for growth and enhance our industry-leading margins to simplify our organization structure and increase accountability are all aimed at one thing, delivering balanced top and bottom line growth that creates value of the short, mid and long term. We know we have more work to do, but we're up to the challenge. And we're committed to take the actions needed to win. 
And with that, Jon and I are happy to take your questions.

Okay. I'll make some comments. And then, certainly, Jon can jump in on a couple more thoughts. First, the interventions that we've made to date have made sure that we got back in pricing quarters that we know position our brands to win over time. And then the superiority then kicks in when you're in a reasonable range. We've made those across the business. And frankly, I'm encouraged by the share results we're seeing, and I feel we've gotten to a very good place now. We'll have to see what happens going forward with competitive pricing and the pricing we're taking. But right now, the trends, to me, are very positive, indicating the interventions on both -- customer consumer product are making a big difference. We announced -- or Jon mentioned a little bit about 2 of the categories that had been under the most pressure because of rising commodity cost. Pricing has gone into the market, one, now on Pampers and Baby Care and, secondly, later this fall on Family Care. These are aimed to address commodity cost the entire industry is experiencing. So I believe that the interventions that we've made and the investments we've made are showing up, whether it's the U.S. or China or across the world. The trends of share growth were indicating that P&G is getting more competitive on the key brands and key categories that really matter to the company's growth.

Sure. I'll make some comments on that, and we're very pleased with China. You know the trends. We've talked this at probably every investor conference, the minus 5 to plus 1 to plus 7. We've improved across the majority of brands. And frankly, the fourth quarter was very encouraging at plus 10. And we have 6 or 7 categories are growing or holding share. Baby has been the one exclusion and it's turned in the fourth quarter to growing sales. And Baby in China started growing share on the hyper and online channels, which is critically important. And to me, the breadth is strong. The fact that e-commerce, most of our brands now are holding or growing share and in the hyper are growing share is very encouraging to me. Yes, SK-II and Olay were very important and they grew. But again, it's broad based. Fem Care grew 18%. We've had very strong growth now for 2 years on power Oral Care and that's turning. Fabric Care was, I think, mid- to high-single digits recently. So businesses that had struggled in the past, the superiority investments and, importantly, the organizational change that put on-the-ground capability is now getting this operating at a speed that is showing tremendous progress. I think we mentioned earlier, front half 6, back half 8, all trending in the direction we want. So I'm very encouraged by it. Jon?

A couple comments. The interventions we made last year, clearly, have made a difference, and you're seeing that in the U.S. share results. The fact that they turned positive over the last 3 and 6 months is a strong indication. We've got our eyes, though, very wide open. Harry's is expanding distribution in Walmart. We expect continued competition online, but in the U.S. and now in several markets in Europe. However, this time, we'll be much more attentive to making sure we support the business online and offline, both in the U.S. and in Europe and, frankly, across the world. And it's reflected at the total positive trends on Grooming share, if you look globally, and in the U.S. I do want to be very open about -- we expect the competitive environment to stay very heavy for a while. And the right actions would be get within pricing corridor, superior products, improved in-store execution and then we've stepped up our investment in capability online, both in U.S. and Europe. And most recently, we've been gaining new users at a faster rate than our competition in the last couple of months, even in the U.S. So we understand and see the opportunity, and we're going to address in each market, online or offline, what it takes to grow because we clearly have the superior products. We clearly have the ladder that gives us the tools to win. And now that we're putting innovation in disposables, mid-tier and the premium tier, I think we're well positioned now to grow this business.

The other thing I'd to add to that is what you say is very real. I mean, you face reality. There are some people coming into categories that are aggressively spending. What we're choosing to do is make sure we're being more competitive in protecting our businesses. And to me, when we do that and leverage the tools that we have, I think we're in a good place to be able to sustain the appropriate support to build the brand over time. And that may call for us at some times in some countries and some brands to be more aggressive to make sure that we don't see a good bit of market share when we truly have a better proposition for consumers and a sustainable proposition, and I think that's one of the opportunities. If I look back over the last couple of years is when there first is a very substantive competitive threat, to make sure each category, each country addresses the appropriate action, and that will look very different depending on the category and the country and the competitor. But clearly, we believe that the combination of these 5 elements of superiority positions us well to be able to sustain both share and margin growth over time.

Yes. First, no, I do not think that the new normal is we don't have pricing power at all. What I do believe is it varies by category when you take pricing and how much you take pricing. It is not unusual in several categories. If I take the one that we announced yesterday on tissue towel, it's not unusual to -- for the industry to wait until the commodity cost build up to a certain level to be able to take pricing. Then there's a threshold, you take it and you do recover. If you look over time, over 3, 5 years in many of these industries, and I've got a lot of familiarity with the tissue towel industry, we've been able to recover those costs. And do I see anything fundamentally changing that tells me we could not recover those costs? Well, not at all. I believe superior products at competitive prices will win. And I believe, in time, the industry has to address input cost. And it just sometimes doesn't happen in the first 3 to 6 months that you see those. The other thing that I very much believe is when executed well, superior products command premium pricing. And we've got excellent examples of that, whether it's China or the U.S. And again, it just causes us to have to up our game on the level of superiority and [ has ] to up our game on the productivity in the periods of time we have to bridge cost going up before we're able to address that, either with innovation or with pricing. But we are -- we do not accept that we've lost pricing power. We do not accept that any category doesn't have the responsibility over time to grow, but it's the  'over time',  and there'll be smart times to do it, and we learned a lot from 2 or 3 years ago when we may have been too aggressive trying to recover and got ahead of the market, but, over time, very committed to deliver the sustainable margin growth in sales and share growth that I think our investors expect of us.

Sure. Let me make just a few comments on that because we absolutely have many tools to address price. Certainly, there's great list prices and we've got some that we just announced. The majority of times we do pricing, it's coupled with innovation. So the consumer value can actually improve. With a higher price, you can recover cost to commodities. We've done that for years in many of our businesses and done it successfully. Again, the timing may not line up perfectly, but the input cost increased. We've done a lot of resizing where we think that works well and helps keep a critical price point. We've done a number with new pack sizes. We certainly can use innovations with new forms to create new price points and price expectations. There's also the tool of promotional spending. And again, that varies widely by country where it can often be a de-escalation of promotional spending as a way to get average price up. And again, depending on the market dynamics, can be a smart choice. One of the reasons we're trying to put more decision space into markets where appropriate is it can be a little more agile. And if you take U.S. and China as the 2 probably best illustrations is what we want is each category to understand exactly what's required to grow both their sales, their top line and their bottom line over time. And they'll have the appropriate strategy then to address what tool in the pricing toolbox to address that over time. And again, I think that China is probably the most successful. The last 2 years, we have seen sales growth share trends moving very much in the right direction. And at the same time, as Jon mentioned, the structural financials have improved. And it's largely been superiority driven, supported by a lot of cost savings that allow us to invest in the demand creation as well as a lot of productivity to make sure the money we spent is very efficiently spent.

Steve, let me take the first part of the question and then ask Jon to cover some of the specifics on the SG&A efficiency and utilization question that you have. Again, my comments, and certainly that the optimistic view going forward, it is underpinned heavily by the share growth and the fact that many of the things we've been working on over time to get the propositions -- the total proposition, we talked of 5 elements, those don't happen immediately and they don't happen on every brand in every country. It's more falling in place. We're seeing things, to me, that are very positive. The global value share trends over the last years are getting better and better and just recently turned positive. It's the first time this year last year where the total company in June was positive driven by strong North America growth. Go back 2 years ago, we said we had to fix U.S. and China. We had to address a number of key categories. Each of those sequentially is getting better. U.S. share meaningfully better from losing 0.3 to losing 0.1 to flat, past 3 months plus 0.3, past month plus 0.6 and it's driven by the right things. It's driven by products and packages and better and more efficient communication that, I think, it sustainable. And what is happening now and the phasing does affect certainly quarters is recovering a lot of the input cost and T&W cost, transportation, warehousing cost has taken time. And yes, the competitive environment is very difficult, which is why we've said this is not -- we're not in business as usual. We know we have to take more cost out, and that's why we're doubling down and looking to accelerate many of the cost savings that we've planned over several years into tighter time frames. That's being worked. We don't disclose everything. But clearly, accelerating productivity that puts smart investments in the right area of the superiority and recovering costs when it makes sense with the right tool and pricing does give me confidence. The fact that the consumers are voting for us more and more often, volume growth is strong, we're seeing that many of the brands, household penetration start to move and then you see China, India, we didn't talk a lot about double-digit, and the outlook is very strong. And if you're starting to get the U.S. growing, you get China growing. India, Europe, has had solid growth. You start to feel you've got more and more of the key countries that drive profit and share and volume positive. And for that reason, I think we can double down, but we need to do it faster. We need an organization that owns outcomes in each market, and that's what we're building.

Okay. There's many questions in there. The first one is difficult to answer in that the -- we don't talk specific retailer reactions other than if you step back and look at the industry, we're all pressed to recover costs. Transportation and warehousing costs are experienced not only by manufacturers, but by retailers. And so I believe, broadly, as long as it is cost justified and/or innovation provides meaningfully new benefits, I believe retailers will work with us. And I think, generally, the industry has to recover a rising input cost. All participants are experiencing this all over the world. So that's all I really can say. I won't talk about individual retailers and the one we've just announced today -- we're just announcing today, so I don't have any data there. And generally, if I look around the world, not just the U.S., generally, I believe when you have innovation and/or there's an environment that it's justified, we've been able to get pricing, and so that's all I'll comment on that. In terms of the pace of innovation, it has increased in terms of the impact. And that's what we really want is, is this magnitude of superiority. And if I take just the one example that we talked many times, but it matters is things like the scent beads. Growing that faster, moving it from a $250 million business to a $500 million business adds real profitable sales to the company. And we are driving those faster and harder and driving things like household penetration, which is more users. Those are the most profitable additional cases you can get because you've already got a sizable business, and you're leveraging the assets that you've employed. We want more innovations and what we're working on is more meaningful innovations. We've learned a lot, if we go back several years ago, with overproliferating very minor extensions. What we want is meaningful consumer-significant innovations and where smart differentiated solutions that help our retailers, and we'll work with them as well. And that's an area I expect we'll do more going forward because the combination of those 2 addresses the consumer and customer value, and that's a key part of our superiority strategy. Pipeline, I believe, is very strong. And the fact that we put additional effort into our upstream innovation several years ago, those will come out over time. And both Jon and I have mentioned that we have many tests going on to continue to make sure that we learn fast and then bring to the market consumer meaningful innovation that will grow category size, which helps both us and our retailers.

Okay. Just to comment on the 2% to 3% and I may need to get the last part of your question, I wasn't sure I got it. The 2% to 3% as far as market growth, it is in the -- still the 2% to 3%. And understand, we have to grow a little faster because consumption tends to be ahead of what we experienced because there have been inventories that have come down across the world as e-commerce grows, especially in the big major markets. And I'm not seeing anything dramatically different. We'll see what happens in places where there's pricing -- the benefit of pricing versus the impact on the consumer volume. But right now, to me, the market is pretty steady.

Just a couple of comments on that. First, we've experienced retailers putting varying levels of focus on the retailer brand, private label. We understand, for most retailers, it's an important part of their strategy, both from an equity standpoint and a margin revenue standpoint. We've also shown, over time, and probably Europe is the best illustration, because it's most advanced there, the ability to win in an environment where the leading brand and the retailer brand can mutually be successful. And what's -- and it comes back to the same point. What you have to have is the brand consumers prefer because then retailers want to carry it because it builds the basket. And yes, they will continue to put emphasis and, at times, add shelf space. And if we're doing our job and have the innovation, it comes at the expense of somebody else. It's one of the reasons you have to watch being in the middle without a distinctive positioning in a brand that's meaningfully different to consumers. It is the reason why we believe that consumers -- that, I think, retailers will continue to put more emphasis in many of the cases on the retailer brands, and we can accelerate our growth, but means the advantage has to be enough that the consumer that's interested in the retailer brand is not the consumer that typically buys our brands. And when we really do our job, we're able to source from a variety of sources. But frankly, usually, it's the brands and the weaker businesses in the middle. So that part, I think, is still true. I don't believe that you'll see a spike when a retailer makes a new push in either a category or, broadly, into retailer brands. But again, we've seen this over time. Europe is the best illustration, but the same is true in the U.S. where there may be a spike and then it steadies out with what the consumer wants. And they will follow the shopper just as we do. And our job is to make sure more shoppers pick our brands. I believe we can earn shelf space over time with innovation, and that's certainly been our experience. You better be enough different. And again, it's especially, to me, successful when you bring meaningful difference or a new form to the consumer or a new benefit area. It's one of the reasons PODS and beads have been able to grow both share, sales, profit and space, in most cases, because the retailer wants to feature, for the reason Jon mentioned, for us and for them because the $0.01 profit is higher for them and to [ me ] the absolute sales and total profit for us. And the consumer gets a product that's meaningfully better. And that's a good example of superiority in place, and shelf space can be earned. And frankly, the expectation I'd have for each of our businesses is they need to have propositions that are able to earn shelf space from the retail partners because it's in their best interest.

Okay. Just a couple of comments on the pricing. Bounty and Charmin will -- are pricing to recover the cost increases we and rest of the industry participants are experiencing. We have, for each of our brands and for each of our tiers, desired pricing corridors that we know that consumers believe provides good value. Over time, we'll take the actions that make sure we address that. I believe, in many of the categories where we're taking pricing on our premium brands, there is pressure for all participants to understand what they think is right to deal with the rising input costs. We'll have to respond to whatever each of the competitors choose, and we'll do so. And again, we've learned very clearly what is the pricing corridor where we can grow share over time. We also know that we increased the margin of superiority. We often can grow that price premium. And that, again, is one of the reasons why we're doubling down on the superiority. I believe, and again we've gone through times where input costs went up significantly, where we've priced and we're able to build our business. And if something happens with another retailer that causes an issue or rather another competitor, we'll have to be agile on this market, and we'll do so.

Sure. First, we're very pleased with the progress we've made in our total e-commerce business led primarily by the 2 biggest, U.S. and China, but also Europe as well. And in other markets, Korea, very strong. We're winning online with 30% growth this year. We're up to 4.5%, [ $1 ] billion. And in total, to answer specifically your question, it's about 7% of our global sales. And the other point I'd make, generally, it varies widely by country and by category. But our market shares and our margins online are roughly equal to offline. And for that reason, we -- and we want to keep it that way as best we can because we've been channel-agnostic. We can go wherever the shopper wants to go and have our brands available. And then we work the cost structure and, certainly, our productivity programs to ensure we can do that. But again, that varies widely by category and country because we have to deal with whatever the competitor set is -- in that category and country. But broadly, 7% global sales and markets. Shares and margins, roughly equal.

Just -- I guess, just some comments on naturals. First, we're quite committed to winning there. And while, yes, I will talk a minute about the acquisitions, to me the biggest part of the growth is coming from organic innovation from our existing brands. I mentioned almost every brand now has deeply understood that consumer. And what they've been working and the reason is taking time and some of the cases is we want to solve the trade-off between often the free of and full -- either free of or full of depending on how it's expressed in each market benefit as well as with the core functional benefit of the category. And the ones I mentioned, at least, whether it's Tide purclean or Gain, Febreze ONE, Whisper Pure Cotton and recently Pampers Pure Protection, all of these are showing very good growth in the market because they're addressing the consumer need. And yes, we will supplement when we see an opportunity that gives us either people capabilities or a key brand that we think we can turn from a small brand into a bigger brand and grow over time. How I'd contrast this with potentially the past is we're not looking to proliferate a ton of brands and we want a huge number of small brands. What we want to do is grow our big brands. And we believe it's very important that we plant seeds in high-growth areas, either organically or through acquisition, and make them bigger brands by bringing our capability via product package technology, communication and/or supply chain, which often is what enables you to turn these brands from small unprofitable brands to midsized to bigger profitable businesses. And that's exciting because almost every category, there is a meaningful consumer segment and is growing fast. And now we've got organic innovation coming into the market in supplements. And then the last thing, you asked what are we doing on the ones that we have purchased is, at this time, we are leaving them where they are right now and giving them time. We want to learn from them and then make available the capabilities that P&G has without imposing anything that would slow down the rate of growth or our rate of learning. And to me, I'm quite excited about what we're learning from Native and Snowberry, and what we will learn from First Aid Beauty and, frankly, what we'll learn from our health care acquisition because we have talent coming in and we have products and brands that we think are catalysts for accelerated growth.

And the other, we don't give guidance by business. But no, I have not accepted and we have not accepted that any of our core categories are not going to grow in fiscal '19. We have to deal with what happens in each market. And for Grooming, our aspiration is to grow that business. And we're putting the innovation and plans in place to do just that. 
I think that wraps up the call, and thank you very much. We appreciate the questions. And again, I'll just close with we're quite committed to making the changes. And the strategy, to me, is showing the right signs in terms of positive share trends. And we're quite committed to delivering balanced top and bottom line growth. Thank you all.