Let me just build on Andre's comments with a couple of kind of big picture thoughts. Given the inflationary cycle that we're in, how do you want to be positioned? You want to have -- first of all, being in categories that are daily use, that are focused on -- where performance drives brand choice is a good place to be. 
Consumers through the pandemic have shifted their consumption in those categories towards trusted performing brands. And you see that even in what's happening with private label market shares as an example, down in the U.S. over the past 3, 6, 12 months, down in Europe over the same periods of time. None of that is a guarantee for the future, but you start in a very good position with a strong superiority profile, as Andre said, and a strong innovation program and investment program to continue that work.  
Number two, you want to be -- just one more thing to add to number one. This is essentially part and parcel of our business model. So sometimes, the reaction is this pricing is a new dynamic. Pricing has been a positive contributor to our top line for 44 out of 47 of the last quarters and 16 out of the last 17 years. Again, no guarantee for the future, but we start with a business model that fundamentally supports pricing in a way that's value accretive to consumers. 
Second, you want to be in a position to minimize the need for pricing through productivity. We're in a better position in that regard than we've ever been. This organization has done a tremendous job reducing costs, and we'll continue to do so. You want to be in a position where you have product available at different price points to appeal to consumers for whom price is a bigger part of their personal value equation. We're in a much better position there than we were in the last cycle. 
So again, none of that is any guarantee for the future, but all of that positions us much better than we've been historically.

One other dynamic that feeds into this is the confidence of our suppliers in our business, both in terms of our business momentum. So if they need to make investments to increase their capacity and material availability, the momentum of our business factors directly into that decision. 
Second, and related, the increments of capacity that we can off-take generate economics at the supplier level that make investments viable. If we were just adding to demand on the margin, that would be a very different equation. So we become a very attractive customer for our suppliers because of both the size and importantly, the momentum of our business.

I might. Just a couple of pieces of perspective. First, this is a time to step forward, not back. Second, Andre, in his prepared remarks, articulated again the 3 priorities and the integrated set of strategies. Nowhere in there, at least to my ears, is pulling back on investment. The third and last piece of perspective I'd offer. The productivity muscle that we built, and Andre was just describing the opportunities that remain there, which are significant, will or should build margin over time. 
If we look at the last 12 years, our operating margin on an all-in basis has increased 320 basis points from 20.4% to 23.6% last year. On a constant currency basis, that's an increase of 1,020 basis points. So the game here is stay on course, continue to drive productivity to fuel investment in superiority, in daily use categories where performance drives brand choice. 
We do all of that, over time, as Andre said, that is the recipe for balanced growth, growing the top line, and the bottom line. We're in an environment where there will be volatility across quarters. That's not our concern. We're concerned about the execution of the holistic strategy and the value that, that creates over time.

So if I reflect just back on last fiscal year, which [indiscernible], enterprise markets grew top line at 5%, build share grew bottom line ahead of the rest of the company at 11%. We executed -- sorry, we exited the year with only 1 of those 80-plus markets losing money, and that was Argentina, where we have a plan to address that over time this fiscal year. So we're in a very good position in enterprise markets. 
If we look at the quarter we just completed, focus markets grew 4%. Enterprise markets grew 5%. Having said all of that, a part of a responsible answer has to address the volatility that exists in these markets from a geopolitical standpoint and unfortunately, from a health and COVID standpoint. So it's not a straight line in all likelihood from here or there, but we're much, much better positioned, and I give all the credit to the teams on the ground in these markets we are operating in, and very difficult, but as you rightly indicate, promising environments.

And it might seem kind of an odd dynamic, but the more efficient and effective we can make our marketing spend be, and as Andre indicated, just now, there's lots of opportunity to continue to do that. The more attractive it becomes to make those investments. So maybe what -- well, in somewhat of an odd way, efficiency breeds effectiveness; effectiveness breeds spending, and that all drives the market and the business.

I would just make one additional comment, which relates to the consumer and their behavior in these categories. Again, daily use where performance drives brand choice, often providing a health, hygiene or clean home benefit. 
And let me just give you an example of what's possible. One of our more recent innovations in Oral Care, for example, the iO power brush, premium-priced product. We have -- since the introduction of that about a year ago, we've built over 2 points of share, which has come by driving the market. The market is up 14% over that period of time. We've driven over 50% of that. 
So what you see is a consumer who is responsive to performance-based innovation. We can utilize that responsiveness to grow markets in a constructive way, which, as Andre has mentioned many times, is beneficial to our retail partners and is constructive from a market dynamic standpoint. So there are many categories where through performance-based innovation, we can provide more delight through regimen solutions, we can provide more delight. The consumer generally is responsive to performance in these categories and consumption is expandable.

Latin America, I'll speak to that just because it's a business I've been supporting over the last period of time here. Overall, it continues to deliver very solid growth, and that's broad-based. In the last quarter, Mexico up, I think, about 8%. Argentina -- sorry, Brazil, up double digits. And now Latin America comes with its inherent challenges. And one of those currently is the health challenge that exists in many markets, which you, I'm sure, are familiar with. But generally, consumption is strong and our business is very strong in Latin America.