Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I hope everyone is well. As we outlined last quarter, we've established 3 immediate priorities that guide our actions and our choices in this crisis period. Our first priority is to ensure the health and safety of the men and women we work with, our colleagues around the world. With guidance from medical professionals, we're constantly evaluating and updating the robust measures already in place to help our people who are making, packing and shipping P&G products stay safe at work. This has never been more important as many of our facilities are running around the clock to deliver P&G products during this period of increased demand.  
This leads to the second priority: maximizing the availability of products to help people and their families with their cleaning, health and hygiene needs. P&G products play an essential role in helping consumers maintain proper hygiene, personal health and healthy home environments. These products are more important than ever given the needs created by the current crisis. There's an increased awareness of health and hygiene and additional time we're all spending at home.  
Third priority is supporting communities, relief agencies and people who are on the front lines of this global pandemic. Millions of P&G products are being donated, helping to ensure families have basic access to everyday essentials many of us take for granted. We're providing significant financial support to numerous relief agencies around the world. We're producing hand sanitizer, face mask and face shields in P&G facilities for our internal use and also for donation to organizations in great need.  
Finally, we're using our marketing and communications expertise to encourage consumers to support public health measures to help flatten the curve and slow the spread of the virus. And P&G is committed to the priorities of ensuring the health and safety of the employees -- of our employees, maximize the availability of P&G products to serve consumers and help society overcome the challenges in this period.  
Our integrated strategic choices remain the right ones. They serve each of our immediate priorities and that the foundation for balanced top and bottom line growth and long-term value creation. We're focused on portfolio of daily-use products in categories where performance plays a significant role in brand choice.  
Within these categories, we've raised the bar on all aspects of superiority: product, package, consumer communication, retail execution and value. The most sustainable and profitable way to grow is to create new business versus just taking or trading it. Superior offerings, science-based products delivered to a superior packaging drive market growth, which in turn drives share, sales and profit growth. This creates a winning proposition for all concerned, high expansion versus 0 sum. It's the only growth our retailers care about. Growth that is incremental to the category. And if we lead category growth with superior offerings, we will mathematically build market share.  
We strive to communicate product and packaging benefits with superior brand messaging. P&G was just named the #1 brand marketer of the decade at the Cannes Lions Festival Creativity in June. Not only has our advertising been creative, it's been increasingly effective at growing markets and building our business. I'm particularly proud of this as it speaks to sustained excellence versus a few great ads. 
In addition to winning with consumers' communication, we need superior retail execution, online and in physical stores that contributes to the growth of categories and our brands. Our superior performance in this area has been recognized in third-party surveys of retailers and awards from top customers that we've been mentioned previously. Most recently, Target recognized P&G as supplier of the year across all our product categories in the store. We appreciate the recognitions we've received, but really matters is retailers' improved view of P&G as a partner and joint value creation, helping retailers grow categories and create value on strong distribution, share of shelf, display and feature.  
The fifth vector of superiority is value for consumers and for customers. In performance-driven categories, consumers often see the value in paying a modest premium for noticeably better product performance. We're strengthening our innovation across price tiers with the aim of delivering superior value at each price tier where we compete. We've made investments to strengthen the long-term health and competitiveness of our brands, and we'll continue to invest to extend our margin of advantage and quality of execution, improving options for consumers around the world.  
The strategic need for this investment, the short-term need to manage through this crisis and ongoing need to drive balanced top and bottom line growth, including margin expansion, underscores the importance of productivity. We're driving cost savings and efficiency improvement in all facets of our business, delivering strong cost and cash productivity. Success in our highly competitive industry requires agility that comes with a mindset of constructive disruption, a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends and technologies that will shape our industry for the future.  
In this environment, agility and constructive disruption mindset are even more important. How can we be even safer while both producing and helping more? What new needs must be met and in what new ways? We're fostering an ongoing mindset of constructive disruption and disruptive possibility.  
Our new organization structure, 6 industry-based sector business units that manage our 10 product categories with a differentiated approach in focused markets and enterprise markets and very small corporate groups with best-in-class functional expertise is also serving us well. A more empowered, agile and accountable organization with little overlap or redundancy flow into new demands, seamlessly supporting each other to deliver against our priorities around the world.  
These strategic choices we've made to focus and strengthen our portfolio in daily-use categories where performance drives brand choice, to establish and extend the superiority of our brands, to make productivity as integral to our culture as innovation, to lead constructive disruption across the value chain and to improve organizational focus, agility and accountability are not independent strategies. They reinforce and build on each other. When executed well, they grow markets, which, in turn, grow share, sales and profit. Some examples. Global Home Care improved its noticeable superiority from less than 60% in fiscal '18 to nearly 80% superiority this fiscal year. We invested in product performance, in packaging in each of the subcategories: hand dish, auto dish, dish care and surface care, including launching our new Microban 24 surface standardization product in February.  
We step-changed consumer communication, leveraging educational TV advertising, which delivered an immediate lift to the category and our brands by showing consumers more ways to use our products. We elevated in-store execution with additional navigational and educational signage to help the consumer choose the product that is right for them. These superiority investments have yielded strong results. And most importantly, they've grown markets, both before and after the pandemic.
P&G Home Care has driven over 60% of the global category market growth and accelerated organic sales growth from low single digits to double digits, increased profit, improved market share 1.5 points and increased household penetration, all in the last 2 years. The business grew organic sales 7% in fiscal '19, 7% in the first half of fiscal '20 ahead of the crisis. We had great momentum that only accelerated in the second half of the year with nearly 25% organic growth. China fem care has been driving category growth through superior innovation and demand creation. Innovation is focused on organics, overnight protection and teens. The Whisper brand has driven 25% of category growth, well above its 12% market share. The brand has grown market share over 2 points over the last 3 years and grown organic sales at an average rate in the high teens over this period.
One more, P&G U.S. Personal Home Care -- Health Care, rather, has focused on improving the superiority across all 5 vectors, reaching over 80% superiority across the portfolio this year.  
P&G brands drove more than 25% of category growth this past year, roughly double their market share weight. Vicks, Metamucil, Pepto-Bismol, Prilosec, Align and ZzzQuil each grew share over the past 3, 6 and 12-month periods, with total U.S. P&G Personal Health Care value share of 1 point or more over these time periods. U.S. Personal Health Care delivered its fourth consecutive year of organic sales growth with high single-digit growth in fiscal '19 and double-digit growth in fiscal '20. We think our strategies, the success we've had behind them and an increased societal focus on health, hygiene and a clean home all bode well for the future.
The relevance of our categories and consumers' lives has increased. There may be a long-term increased focus on home, more time at home, more meals at home with related consumption impacts. The importance of noticeably superior performance potentially grows. Organizational agility, high employee engagement, to meet the changing needs of consumers and retailers likely becomes more important. We believe P&G is well positioned to serve consumers' heightened needs and their changing behaviors and to serve the changing needs of our retail and distributor partners, all of which are critical to long-term value creation.
I'll turn it back over to John to cover the outlook for fiscal 2021.

We delivered a very strong fiscal 2020, meeting or beating each of the key goals we set out at the start of the year in a challenging and volatile market. We believe we have a bright future ahead. We have the right strategies, portfolio and daily-use categories where performance drives brand choice, superiority and products, packages, consumer communication, retail execution and value, productivity in all areas of cost and cash, constructive disruption in all facets of the operation and improved organizational focus, agility and accountability. We feel we have the right priorities to deal with the immediate challenges the company is facing, ensuring the health -- employee health and safety, maximizing product availability and helping society overcome the challenges of the crisis. We're stepping forward, not back. We're doubling down to serve consumers and communities. We're investing in the superiority of our brands and the capabilities of our organization.  
We're doing this in our interest, in society's interest, in the interest of our long-term share owners with an eye fixed on long-term balanced growth and value creation.  
With that, we would be happy to answer your questions.

Wendy, I'll make one comment, then I want to turn it to Jon because he has direct responsibility for the enterprise markets. The comment I'd make is the organizational structure change we made has really helped us deal with this recent pandemic. We grew in enterprise markets where they're facing just a range, as you know, of very big challenges. But if anything, it's reinforced the strength of the organization of choice and actually the possibilities we see for the future. I want to turn it to Jon to talk how we're dealing with it directly. But no, we haven't changed our long-term view on the attractiveness of the enterprise markets.

Certainly. All good questions -- many questions there. First, the -- if I look at what's happened for the last couple of years, if anything, it's just reinforced the set of choices that we've made. What we are seeing and the pandemic's, frankly, accelerated is consumers are right now moving more and more back to trusted brands. Their -- the pandemic has actually put many, many more people back in their homes. And if you think about health, hygiene and cleaning categories, and we said it a lot, and sometimes I think people get tired of it, but it's categories where performance drives brand choice really matters. And I think it matters even more now. We were seeing that before the pandemic because we grew very, very well in the first half of the year, 6%, and we saw it through the pandemic. But those -- that focus on health, hygiene and cleaning and are having things that really matter. And one of the other points that I think in the strategy that's really working and it fits what's going on right now is because of the shift to e-commerce, there's tremendous pressure on retailers, and frankly, all participants on profitability. So if your strategy is one where innovation grows the category size, when you do that, you create the larger pie, which allows both the retailer to increase their profitability, to manufacture, and it doesn't put the rest of the industry in a bad place. It's actually in a better place.  So to me, I believe the strategy is actually moving in the right place. 
You mentioned ESG, I think it's another area where P&G has particular strengths. Well before it was in vogue, P&G has always had a position of being a very strong corporate citizen. We have stood up in both social sustainability and environmental sustainability with sustained efforts in those areas. It's the way we operate. It's consistent with our values. And so as there's been a greater focus on that, I think that as well matters because consumers more and more, as well as all stakeholders, one on the values of the company is behind the brand. And I think that also plays well to the strategy. What I feel one of the things best about is we have not had to make big shifts in our strategy as a result of what's happened. It's just reinforced the importance of it. 
And the final point I'd make is the organizational changes that we made, which are putting more accountability closer to where our consumers or customers are and recognizing the inherent strength of our people and capability of the organization in unleashing it to me has shown sequentially stronger and stronger results and better and better activation of that strategy. And you saw it going into the crisis because, again, the crisis accelerated trends that were happening and our people stepped up magnificently well and beyond trying to deliver the business. They initiated many of these projects to, can we make mask and donate them? Can we make hand sanitizers and donate some of those? Face shields, we've never made. But a group -- 2 different groups decided they could repurpose some of our packaging equipment and turn that packaging equipment into something that can make face shields, and we've shipped hundreds of thousands of face shields to the medical community. But it just shows you that when you have engaged people that care about both the consumers and the communities, what they can do. So it's just we accelerated the choices we've made. And Kevin, I think it's put us in a very good position coming out of the pandemic because of the capabilities we've been developing.

I'll make one comment, again, I'll turn it to Jon on this one. We've talked a great deal about the fact that all buckets, all spin pools have been looked at and we've leveraged to me both the digital ecosystem as well as the capabilities of our organization to make substantive changes. And one of the best illustrations of that is what happened when the pandemic hit, we started to see both attendance issues and supply challenges. We've learned time and time again that when we ask groups of people to step up and address change, they can do it incredibly well. We've had plants that have operated at 90% of their effectiveness with half the people in the short run, demonstrating again there's more there. But I'll turn it to Jon to get the specifics, but both the gross margin and operating margin to meet progress has been sustained over the last several years. And if you look forward, we see still tremendous amount in both media. We see with many of our nonconsumer-facing spending areas as well as cost of goods. Jon?

Again, several questions. First, when the pandemic hit, yes, in some categories, we went to more simplified SKU lineups in order to maximize the capacity of the high turn items. And I'm sure we and many others did that. And we learned through that as well. In some cases, where there were some smaller volume SKUs that meet special consumer needs, and they will come back. There's also some opportunities for some continued SKU rationalization to better serve consumers and meet the retailers' needs. So both of those are happening. It's very category specific on what we're doing. But I'd say, in general, there's a sharper look at can we have a more focused portfolio with really differentiated products. So I think, yes, that will continue. 
The change in manufacturing to me, in order to adjust the agility needed, I think is one of the other things that's really been an area that we're working before, but coming into the crisis and then through it. Looking at business continuity plans, the total supply system, look at the appropriate number of suppliers in order to ensure you have the agility to react to instantaneous capacity swings that we're seeing. I think there's all been learning in those areas. I expect on the other side of this, again, varying by category, but there will be some streamlining in order to meet the needs. And in some of the categories, because there will be a sustained increase in consumption, we're looking at what we need to do to ensure we have the right capacity to meet those needs. Because I think a lot of the spike that we've seen is not going to go away in some of these categories. Consumers are developing new habits. And I think many of us believe that will last well beyond the pandemic.

Yes. First, on the market trends, our market share, global market share has actually strengthened through the year. We were up 0.3 for the total year, 0.4 for 6 months, 0.5 for the past 3. In terms of the last quarter, in terms of promotion intensity activity, as you would imagine, in categories where there's supply constraints, you'd see less promotion as everybody focuses on meeting the basic supply needs of the customers and the consumers. And on the categories of tissue/towel, which is our Family Care, Home Care, which will just surface and air, that's largely continued into this fiscal year as the demand hasn't ceased. And if you take the U.S., it's our largest market we wanted to focus on. As you know, when you watch the daily news and you hit the daily news, there's just a lot of debate on how much it will open up or even stop or even go back. So I think the focus on Home, Personal Care, cleaning and hygiene is likely to sustain itself. And so I don't expect in the short run dramatic changes in the promotion environment, although, again, it's very category specific, and in many cases, very country specific. We've chosen to stay extraordinarily focused on the strategy, which is focused on investing in the superiority across the 5 elements we've talked. And through this last couple of years, that's consistently worked in both high promotion environments, which we see in some countries and categories, and in this last 3 to 4 months when there was lower promotion because of supply constraints. And as I think about next year, there will be, I'm sure, competitors will come in and they'll have innovation and there'll be changes in their promotion strategy. But we've tried not to get distracted from the strategy that's working and, again, across the balance of countries and categories, that continues to work, and I think it will. Jon?

Olivia, first, just the last thing you said, whether most of this coming from the established brands or long tail, our core is going very well. Fabric care is growing. Fabric, tissue/towel, Home Care, Health Care, all going very well. Our Beauty business grew very well last year. Skin Care, Personal Care, APDO, antiperspirant and deodorant, all that grew well. So the core grew well, and again, it's central to the strategy, and it's obviously the biggest part of the business. And the 2 biggest markets grew were U.S. and China.
If I look forward, in order for us to be a dependable long-term grower, we have to grow the core. And the strategy is focused on making sure the core is healthy. And the core has to continue to extend to address new benefits that are relevant in those categories. And there's many, many examples we've given in the past of that, and certainly, we get more of the Home Care examples that you see out with Microban and many of the other things that occurred on Mr. Clean brand and Febreze brands over time. We also believe in RC and certainly, some of the additional investments we've made are paying out, both internally developed innovation as well as some of the acquired innovation. Our track record is getting increasingly better on those as well. And this year, we have certainly some things coming out of our P&G venture. But that's a small portion of the total company. But what it does speak to is innovation is driven core, core and more and then in new benefit spaces, new jobs that we can do. To me, it speaks to just the whole innovation process is working in the company. But I fully expect for the year that we're going into right now and the next several years, the core will be the biggest driver of that. And there's still significant opportunities. So what I wouldn't think is we're in mature categories. 4 years ago, people said we are mature categories. And now you see big established businesses and take Fabric & Home Care, that it have moved from low single digits to mid-single digits to high single digits in many, many countries. And if you get down to the next level and look at household penetration by item, and what you see is many of them are in the 10% to 30% range and 10% to 30%, which means the majority of consumers haven't used the product in the last year and haven't experienced the new benefit of the improved performance that we've built. So -- and we've gone back to rediscover the opportunity to build household penetration, new users, grow the market size, leverage superiority to bring their users in and then leverage additional benefits to trade people up to higher order performance. That's happened across the 10 core categories. And then when you do it well, you grow share. And probably the best example I gave earlier was in Personal Health Care where virtually every brand grew share over 3, 6 and 12 months. And it's because of new innovation that they bought to the market. It's delighting the consumers. So core, core and more and then our venture effort to me is it's now producing new brands with Zevo, an update coming out this year.

We'll take a cut at some of those. I'm not sure I have all the specifics. Although some of those, we can certainly get you afterwards. The e-commerce business has been growing for now several years in the 30% to 40% range. As you know, we're most developed in China. The U.S. is also growing extremely fast, and we expect it to continue. We've adjusted -- and again, it fits with the strategy. We've adjusted our supply chain, including our packaging capability, to be able to meet the needs of e-commerce, consumers and e-commerce aggregators that had different needs because of the -- instead of shipping it in a case in a pilot load to a store. It's in each going through a different path to the consumer, and that's worked well. One of the things we've worked very hard on and is present today is we want e-commerce shares growing in absolute, and we want e-commerce shares to be equal or higher than their off-line shares, and we're working to have the same profitability. And we've made very good progress on both of those as well in the U.S. and China and in Europe. And that will continue to be a priority. We want to be agnostic to where the consumers buy the product. In the most recent period, the U.S. e-commerce business that was up 50% in fiscal '20, we all know there's a spike driven by COVID. How much of that will sustain? We'll see. But I think many are developing new habits. So I think we are prepared for that to continue to grow at that pace and meet the consumers' needs and we've developed.
The last point I'd make, additional capability because we've worked with many of the e-commerce companies in the bricks-and-mortar to omni providers to ensure that we minimize the cost from when we make it to when the consumer gets it, working with them to reduce the transportation or last mile. So all of those are active strategies. We can -- other than the 50% U.S., if there's more specifics that you need, ask Jon so he can to follow up with you after this meeting to get any more specifics by quarter.

Okay. Cody, let me take a couple of those and some of the data. Certainly, I don't know what's happening with competitors on capacity. Home Care had an outstanding year. And again, in Home Care, in our world, is Dish Care, surface care and air care. So those categories and those brands globally. The category grew about 16% this year -- or our results rather, we grew ahead of the category and grew share.
In terms of capacity, there are areas like our Microban launch that went out in February that we are capacity constrained now because we launched right as it was hitting, and the notes to us and the demand spiked. Today, the run rate is now in a couple of hundred million dollar range, which is more than we expected at the time we launched. We expected more of a -- more typical build although we knew it was a very attractive product because of the sustained surface benefit -- surface scale benefits it offered.
In areas like Swiffer and hand dish, we're also working very hard to make sure we get inventories back up, but the demand spiked. You can imagine with people now fixing more meals at home are Dawn and around the world, Fairy. And our automatic dish, which would be cascading around the world Fairy, both of those have spiked. And we've seen the Home Care category, if I take the U.S., sometimes the category size over many of these weeks has been in the [ 1 30 to 1 40 ] range. We've been able to meet most of that need. There are again some specific items where we're working very hard to increase the capacity, and that will be coming on and kind of feather in over the next couple of quarters. But we continue to ship very, very well. And we're getting back both shelves, and eventually, the customer inventory and our inventory is back in line, but we're not there yet as we close the fiscal year and certainly into July. And as of through this July, we have not seen the demand slow down very much yet in the Home Care area, which bodes well for the year.

First, the first question, how do we feel about SK-II? Very committed and thrilled that we have it. There was certainly a bump the last 4 months that hit us hard with mainly travel retail business. But if you look even at the last few months in China, growing very nicely now. And as we go into the year works, we continue to be optimistic about the brand. Consumers love the brand. And we have brands focused on meeting consumer needs and SK-II does a great job. It's had several years of sustained top and bottom line growth. And frankly, I'm not discouraged at all by a 4- or 5-month dip because, largely, the travel retail business got impacted. In the markets that it competes with the consumers in where it is present, it continues to do well, and it's already starting to rebound. So now we're very committed to SK-II.
And if I step back at the global Skin and Personal Care business, which includes, again, the Personal Care, APDO, Skin Care and Prestige skin, that whole category, even with what happened to SK-II, grew nicely last year, in the upper mid-single digits, indicating that the broad portfolio can weather a hit like that, and it's consistently the global Beauty has consistently been performing well for the last couple of years. And so they're optimistic again that the business that was travel retail will find itself somewhere else if consumers looking for the brand will go where they can find it. And we've seen that more recently with the rebound in China with SK-II.

Sure. While we've seen a hit in the COVID period, Grooming up through January was actually making very good progress. And even with the COVID hit and people at home and less shaving because of people not going outside or may not going outside, it still grew this last year. And if I take up through January, the first 7 months of the year, it was growing faster. It was the fastest growth we've seen in several years. We've actually seen an increase this year in new users. We've got the fastest new user growth we've seen in many years, which means people are coming in. What we have done, though, and this is important, we have a -- certainly, the male Blades & Razors is the biggest part of the business, but we have male and female. We have the full ladder, including disposables, which have again grown. And now we've gotten a very fast-growing appliance business, call it Braun, which is growing share, and it's growing double digit right now as people have moved to a dry form in some places.
And then we've launched a King C. Gillette initiative to address men with hair. So the shave category is really now embraced. The category is growing and is taking care of people with here, without facial hair, men, women, all price points. And as it does that, to me, it's right now creating a strategy that will allow it to grow in most environments. And I believe we will see, as people go back to look in offices and outside the home, we'll see a pickup in the wet shave rate. In the meantime, we'll continue to see very robust growth in dry save, very robust growth in this King C. Gillette new brand that addresses many of the tools needed for people with facial hair for grooming facial here. So it's also a highly profitable business that continues to -- that we're very committed to long term.
One other comment, we grew double digits in China this last year, which is another indication that as the economy came back and while it's not post-COVID, China has returned more to a more normal operating environment than most countries and Grooming is growing double digit in that country, which, again, tells me that the broader portfolio can and will grow in the future and create value for the company.

One other -- just to offer is, to a large degree, it depends on what you believe the markets in broad will grow. I think Jon's earlier statement, and certainly, our view is we will grow ahead of the market, and our innovation will be a stimulant to market growth. But there are macro factors that are big enough, whether it's the recession, the COVID impact, disruptions to supply chain, but it's very hard to predict. We ended the quarter with good momentum. And certainly, as we go into the quarter, good momentum. The health, hygiene and cleaning categories, we think will be focused -- will be focused categories for consumers. And it's your guess as good as ours on when people will and increasing in numbers would turn back to offices and be working outside the home. At this point in time right now, it looks like in the U.S., that's slowing down, but it varies all over the world. In aggregate, we think we're well positioned for whatever comes at us to do better than what the market would give. And we'll work very hard to make sure that we continue to be good contributors to our consumers, our customers and to the communities in which we operate. Thank you. Thank you all.