Robert, this is Jon. Just a couple of other pieces of perspective on this. And of course, it's a rapidly evolving situation, and this could change tomorrow. But if you look for data points to support Andre's comments on consumer resilience, you, obviously, see them within the internals of our income statement as you mentioned. Also, if you look at private label shares as a proxy for trade down, they remain below a year ago in the U.S. for the past 3, 6 and 12 months. They remain below a year ago in Europe for the past 3, 6 and 12 months. 
And if you look at market shares across channels, Andre mentioned earlier that we're -- we've worked to improve our distribution in channels where consumers with more of a budget challenge are inclined to shop. Our share growth in those channels, entirely consistent with his points, are some of our highest share growth across retail banners. 
So in the dollar channel, for example, significant share growth. Again, we'll have to monitor this very closely. Things can change tomorrow. But as we sit here today, it looks like the moves we've made to focus the portfolio in daily use categories where performance drives brand choice. Then deliver on the performance aspect across the vectors of superiority and be very granular in our pricing executions is holding up.

Yes. Market growth is something that doesn't happen to us. We need to positively impact it ourselves, which is exactly what Andre just said. And that's what we're trying to do through our strategy. I would also say, Kevin, that if you look at the last quarter, there are several negatives within the quarter from a top line standpoint, several challenges that we've been working against. We've talked about China, our second-largest market, down mid singles. We've talked about the unfortunate situation in Russia and the Ukraine. 
One thing we haven't talked about, except indirectly, is that we're still racing to catch up with demand in our largest market, the U.S. But we're not fully supplying the market's demand. And all of those, hopefully, over time or some of them, at least, offer even additional upside as they reverse themselves.

No, I think you've covered it, and Olivia, first of all, it's great to hear your voice again. And obviously, we can't provide any more granularity than Andre already has in terms of where price -- future price increases would occur. That's not something that's legally permissible.

So just one other point, Wendy. You asked -- the question that you asked is the question that we get asked by the organization every day, which is, "Which of these matters most, essentially top line and continued share progression or bottom line and earnings recovery?" And the answer always is both. It's Andre's balanced point. 
We need to do both or we get out of balance, and the wheels come off. So we need to continue, and we'll continue to invest in top line momentum as we recover the commodity costs through a combination of pricing, productivity, et cetera. So that's -- it's both.

There are a lot of mileage benefits in some of the higher-priced products that we need to proactively communicate, as Andre mentioned earlier. That -- the assumption that just because something is higher priced, it costs me more per job is not a valid assumption, and we have to help people understand that.

Yes. Our retail partners are also competitors in most cases, with their own label offerings. And because the increases and costs are so significant, they need to be able, in most cases, obviously, entirely at their discretion. But they need to be generally able to raise pricing on their own brands. 
And when that's true, that becomes less of an issue, not a nonissue, but less of an issue for us. And I think the biggest change that's occurred over the last several years in our dialogue has been a more deliberate and overfocus on our part on market growth and on being -- and a commitment to be a disproportionate contributor to market growth. 
At the end of the day, a retail partner doesn't care what our share is. What they care about is what their sales are and are they growing or not. And we need to be a source of that growth. And when we do that dependably and reliably, as Andre said, it changes the nature of the conversation, and that becomes the focus of the conversation as opposed to other things. We have an opportunity in better serving our retail partners with supply as we've talked about several times, and we're working to address that. That's important in terms of continuing to serve them effectively. But that contribution to market growth sustainably and dependently changes world.