Thanks, Jon. One of the most encouraging points about the strong results we've delivered is the breadth of the progress we've made across categories and countries. The breadth of growth gives me confidence that the strategies and focus areas that are guiding our choices of investments are the right ones. It also gives me confidence that we're building the capabilities to sustain the growth at or above market levels. The mutually reinforcing strategic choices we've made are critical to the progress. We've focused and strengthened our portfolio in daily use categories where performance drives brand choice, in categories where we occupy a #1 or #2 position, which have historically grown faster than the balance of the company and are more profitable. And the benefits of the portfolio choices are clearly paying out. 
Within these 10 categories, where performance drives brand choice, we've taken a deliberate step to invest in and advance the superiority of products and packages, brand communication, retail execution and value advantage, growing the markets in which we compete and strengthen the long-term health and competitiveness of our brands. We've raised minimum standards of competitive advantage across each of the superiority drivers and are investing to meet or beat these new standards.
And superior offerings drive market growth, and this is one thing that's incredibly important about the plan. Increasing consumption, creating additional usage occasions, bringing more spent into a category grows the market. This creates top line growth that is typically more sustainable than simply taking business from a competitor. It creates a winning proposition for our retail partners. The pie expansion versus zero-sum. It's a positive versus negative spiral. And when -- where we grow markets disproportionally and more sustainably, we build share. 
We've spoken a lot about the role of product and package superiority in growing markets and P&G share, but communication, go to market and value must also win. We start with understanding our consumers and their needs, wants and aspirations. We've increased advertising that makes you think, talk, laugh, cry, smile, share and, of course, buy. Advertising that drives growth for categories and brands. Advertising that clears the highest bar for creative brilliance, sparking conversations, affecting attitudes, changing behavior and sometimes even defining popular culture. This year at the Effie Awards, which recognized the most effective marketing communication, P&G won the top honor of most effective marketer and Tide won the Grand Effie Award. At the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, P&G advertising earned 16 Lions: 3 gold; 6 silver; and 7 bronze. And at the event, we announced a series of innovative new creative partnerships that reinvent advertising by merging the world of advertising with other creative worlds, such as filmmaking, music, comedy, journalism and technology.
Superior in-store and online execution also grows categories in our brands. The right trade coverage with category mastery, with the right product forms, sizes and prices and the right in-store or online presence in merchandising execution, delivering against key business drivers for each category and brand across all channels in every store, every day.
On the last earnings call and in recent conference presentations, Jon has taken you through some of the recognition we've received directly from some of our top customers and in third-party retailer assessments of manufacturers' capabilities. We very much appreciate each of these recognitions, but what really matters is retailers improved view of P&G as a partner in joint value creation. Driving superiority to grow categories earn stronger distribution, share shelf, display and feature.
The fifth element of superior execution is a winning consumer and customer value equation. For consumers, this means a product that meets an important need and noticeable in a superior way with the package that enhances the usage experience, with compelling communication, presented in a clear and shoppable way at a compelling price. For the customers, this means margin, penny profit, thrift generation, basket size and, very importantly, category growth. We're going to continue to work to make progress in superiority, extending our margin of advantage and increasing the quality of execution, which will require ongoing investment. The need for this investment and the need to offset the macro cost headwinds we talked earlier and the need to drive balanced top and bottom line growth, including margin expansion, underscores the importance of productivity.
We are driving cost savings and efficiency improvement in all facets of the business, now just passed the midpoint of our second 5-year $10 billion productivity program. Through our productivity efforts, P&G has maintained and built its status as a highly profitable company. Now in the past, Jon has shown you the charts before, and it deserves repeating, P&G's before-tax operating margins are among the highest in the industry, behind only Reckitt and Colgate whose margins reflect their concentrations in health care. We have significantly -- significant below-the-line advantages, operating with one of the lowest interest expense percentages and one of the lowest tax rates, putting us near the top of the industry in after-tax margin, already highly profitable and aggressively driving more savings. 
These results are due to a sustained intense focus on improving productivity across all cost folds. And we will continue to focus on these because it will be a critical driver of our success. 
Superiority and productivity are critical, but insufficient to keep us ahead in a world with rapidly changing retail environment, quickly evolving consumer needs, media transformation and revolutionary changes in technology. We must and are leading the constructive disruption of our industry across all areas of the value chain. We are disrupting the way we innovate by accelerating the speed and quality of learning through lean innovation. This due approach is delivering significant benefits in time and cost, helping to reduce our learning cycles for months to even days. We're monetizing innovation across industries to accelerate investment in R&D and broaden societal impact.
We're disrupting retail execution. SK-II is using AI-supported technologies to enhance the consumer shopping experience with personalized recommendations based on smart scans of a person's skin, product browsing on virtual shelves and shopping through the wave of a hand. It's the first augmented reality retail environment, which merges physical and digital technology to give the shopper exactly the skincare regimen needed in a new smart packaging that features a companion app for personalized skin care every day. Going beyond broad demographic targets to deliver exactly what she's looking for, solutions designed to work for her.
We're reinventing brand building from wasteful mass marketing to mass one-to-one brand building fueled by data and technology. We're moving from generic demographic targets, like women ages 18 to 49, to more than 350 precise smart audiences, like first-time moms or millennial young professionals or first-time washing machine owners to reach the right people at the right time at the right place.
We continue to disrupt our supply chain with transformation across the globe. In Europe, we've optimized both distribution and manufacturing infrastructure to fewer, scaled, multi-category operations in optimum locations. Manufacturing sites are now down 30%, and distribution centers are down 35%.
We're making organization structure and culture changes to better position us to win. We're taking steps to simplify the organization, focusing effort, clarifying responsibility, increasing accountability and structuring compensation and incentive programs to better align with these objectives. We have an incredibly talented organization of more than 90,000 fully committed people. They have moved mountains for years to deliver the progress we're discussing this morning. They deserve the credit. We have historically put in their way a lot, competing management structures, lack of clear accountability, lack of end-to-end decision making and many people who can say no and few who could say yes. On July 1, we moved to a new organization structure designed to de-matrix the company and provide even greater clarity on responsibilities and reporting lines to focus and strengthen leadership accountability. We are operating as 6 industry-based sector business units or SBUs. The SBUs have profit and loss responsibility for the largest markets, the focus markets, which represent about 80% of sales and 90% of profit. The SBU CEOs are focused on winning and driving value-creation opportunities in these important markets. 
We're optimizing the remaining markets, which we're calling enterprise markets, to accelerate growth in dynamic macro environments. The benefit of this design is the creation of a more focused, agile and accountable organization, operating at a lower cost, focused on winning through superiority, fueled by productivity and operating at the speed of the market. North America was the pilot region beginning 3 years ago for the end-to-end SBU approach and China followed 1 year or so later. The success of this design is evidenced by the sales and share progress we've made in both of these markets. 
We are committed to winning everywhere we choose to compete across both the focus and enterprise markets, and we want to win in the right way. We want to be a force for good and a force for growth. We've integrated citizenship into how we do business, enabling us to have a bigger impact on the people we serve, the communities in which we live and work and the broader world that surrounds us. In turn, this helps us grow and build our business.
I hope that this is evidence that we have been disrupting P&G. The choices we've made to focus and strengthen our portfolio in daily use categories where performance drives brand choice to establish and extend superiority of our brands, to lead constructive disruption across the value chain, to make productivity an integral part of our culture just as much as innovation and to improve the organization focus, agility and accountability. These are not independent strategies. They reinforce and build on each other. They position us well within our industry to deal with near-term challenges from macro headwinds, trade transformation and anticipated competitive response. And they are the foundation for stronger, balanced growth and value creation over the short, mid- and long term.
Now I'm going to turn it back over to Jon to cover our outlook for fiscal 2020.

We delivered our fourth strong quarter in a row, continued to build top line momentum and improving the quality of our bottom line results. Market share has been improving for 8 consecutive quarters. Our efforts to extend our margin of competitive superiority to drive productivity savings to fund investments for growth and enhance our industry-leading margins, to simplify our organization structure and increase accountability, to constructively disrupt our industry are driving improved results. But we know our work isn't finished yet. 
To further strengthen results, we will continue to accelerate the pace of change. The macro environment and strong competition are sure to present new challenges in the year ahead, but we're better positioned to manage through these challenges that we've been in many years.
With that, Jon and I are happy to take your questions.

Olivia, first, thank you. The strategy truly is working. And we keep reinforcing it, but I'd come back to it. The combination of, first, starting with the consumer, making sure we delight the consumer. And we do that through superior products package communication, go-to-market capability and value is really making a difference. And what allows us to sustain that and you're seeing this now over 3 years in more and more category, country combinations is an organization design that's putting accountability closest to where the market is in a way that's working. And we've clarified responsibilities with focused markets and enterprise markets, recognize that not all markets are exactly alike. And to me, what we've seen increasingly each semester, if you will, the organization respond, clear priorities, clear strategy on superiority. They understand, have internalized and doing a great job on productivity across all cost buckets. And we continue to work to clarify the organization design in a way that delivers an engaged, agile and accountable organization. And you see in that better and better. It was reflected in the employee survey this year where the confidence in the strategy went up significantly by folks across markets and GBUs, which, to me, speaks to an alignment of 90-plus thousand people on a plan that's working. And that's why I think you're seeing the sequential progress that we're seeing quarter to quarter, semester to semester. And we really look year-to-year, and so it's very encouraging.

Lauren, there are many examples, and we can kind of run around countries and categories, but I'll just give a few, just to sprinkle around the world other than the U.S. If I look in Europe, where you've seen an acceleration of growth, our dish business, and I think auto dish is one we haven't talked a lot about. We've rolled out Platinum across many of the countries. It's -- again, it's a trade-up. It's a superior proposition, and we've seen meaningful share growth across many countries in Europe where auto dish now is one of our faster-growing categories. 
If you look in China, we've given many examples over the last couple of years. We now have Fem Care growing double digits. You've got laundry growing, and you've got beads and PODS. And you've got just a series of initiatives across almost each country on whatever is the most appropriate for that country. The 2 of them that I mentioned are those, dish in Europe and, frankly, several of them in China. 
But that's true as well. I can -- in almost every focused market, and there will be a list of them, but it's hard to list 1 because each of the 10 categories now has a very specific innovation plan that addresses what it takes to grow the markets and better delight the consumers. And even our expansion markets or our newer brands are also doing well. So it's a broad-based support right now.

And the second half on competition, certainly, our eyes are wide open, and we respect all our competitors. And yes, we have followed the many announcements on investments in becoming more competitive. And we're aware of the guidance that they publicly offer. What we're trying to do and have continuously been doing, though, is staying focused on the consumers on market-growing innovation. If we maintain superiority, when we see innovations come out in the marketplace, ensure there are innovations, deliver on meaningful superiority, then I think we're well placed. Part of the reason we've continued to emphasize the need to generate productivity is we anticipate that we're going to have to invest. It's -- we don't know exactly where, how much or what category, but we know that if we can continue to invest meaningful -- or rather create meaningful buckets of investment opportunity, then we're able to remain competitive in the key markets. To date, we've seen a number of innovations come on from our competitors. And to date, we've been able to address those with our innovation. And where possible, our intent is to provide innovations that grow the category. And in that environment, it frankly does create a disruptive market situation. We have shifted our focus over the last several years on market growth and on meaningful superiority across the 5 elements. We're mindful of and aware of what competition does. But we've made sure we don't get distracted on chasing a specific competitor and/or innovation, instead play our game and stick to our strategy, and it's working well.

Jason, I'll take the first part and I'll let Jon address the margin side. First, on category growth rates, as Jon mentioned, they've been relatively healthy. And frankly, if we continue to do our job and if competition does innovate in constructive ways, then I think the categories will remain healthy. And if I look across the world, the U.S, which is our biggest market, has been very constructive at 3% or better. Europe, it's been -- it's at 2%. Our view going forward is probably about 2%, maybe a little bit softer next year. The India, Middle East and Africa areas in mid- to high single digits -- at least mid-single digits. China, there's been a modest slowing down, but still very healthy. In our categories, we're seeing, call it, high single digits, 7, 8s. And we haven't seen a major slowdown, just a little bit of softening. Asia Pacific, more like 2. Latin America, it's actually been sequentially improving. Brazil, sequentially improved a bit, from a recession to now modest growth, call it, 1 to 2. But that's encouraging versus where it was before. So broadly, when we look across the focus markets, the top 10 markets, we're seeing constructive growth rates. And at least in our categories, when we bring meaningful innovation, we're seeing a tick-up and that's the -- to me, the strength of the strategies. You've got a consumer right now that is interested in our categories. And the innovation that we're delivering is ticking up some of the growth rates where we have a meaningful share. In most of the categories we participate, we do have a meaningful share. So that works well. 
There's very few places that aren't growing now in our major markets. India is one I did mention. It's double digits. And frankly, as we look forward right now, we don't see a reason why it wouldn't stay in the 10 to 12 range. So with the exception of, what I call, modest growth in Europe, many markets are growing faster. And Europe is very solid and profitable, so we like that region as well.

Steve, I think the benefits of lean innovation are meaningful across many dimensions. First, there are several examples we've given in the past. Pampers Pure came to market much, much faster than it would have in the past because we had a small team dedicated, working on it. They fell in love with the problem they were trying to solve, developed a product, the materials, the communication and they went to market and has done very well. We gave in the past, I think, the example of micellar water in China, which was the line extension on Pantene that's now been added to many brands in many other countries. The benefits I'm seeing, one is speed. The second is the number of hypotheses that we can advance in one problem area. And what happens then, as you find the consumer idea that's more powerful, and I've given illustration. If you have one hypothesis and you do a large base test, you can get a significant break on a 300-base test. If you test 10 and have small teams and only give them 20 base size, you have to have a major advantage in order to break significance. And we actually like the smaller base size because you have to have a meaningful advantage for it to be significant. And what we're getting then out of this is we're testing more ideas and finding bigger ideas that then we can focus on, incubate and then advance. And whether it's Pampers Pure or micellar water, there's many more to come to market.
The last comment I'd make, and I think we've released some of this in either the Consumer Electronics Show or others, the number of transactions, learning experiments we have going now, which allowed us to learn fast with small teams, with relatively small investments is at a very high level. And that gives me confidence. Again, we're going to find ideas -- consumer ideas and business propositions that have a great promise with minimal investment. The idea is you want learning to stay ahead of investment. And as long as that happens, to me -- along with a focus on delighting the consumer, to me, we're going to see a robust innovation program come out of our 10 categories. Each of the 10 categories has a growth works effort to make sure they're growing the core, first and foremost, but also looking at underserved or fast-growing areas that we can enter and win in. And the lean innovation allows us to explore more of those at a cost that's affordable. And what you're seeing is accelerated top line and continued strong productivity efforts. So it's done -- you can do more with less people and, arguably, with a better employee value proposition because it's more exciting work. So we're quite excited about it, and we're staying in the learning mode. We're learning from people inside and outside the company. And to me, this is an area that holds great promise going forward.

And on the second half of your question, we're actually quite excited about this smart audience work that we're doing. In the past, we've had broad demographic groups that we targeted with our media. And it's always been said that half your media is wasted, you just don't know what half. And we have the data now to find out what half it is. And we have developed a very large proprietary database. We have over 1 billion consumer IDs worldwide meaningfully over that. That allows us to have these smart audiences, and once you have the smart audiences, you can do propensity marketing with people that have similar characteristics. We have a much larger number of cookie data that allows us to touch devices. But we like best where we got unique consumer ideas -- IDs. And we run programs around the world, and we certainly ask consumers and allow them to opt in. But then we collect the data the right way and use it with the appropriate privacy restraints. And to me, it's making a meaningful difference. It's part of what can fuel the lean innovation work we're doing because we can get very targeted audiences to test new business ideas, new products and new propositions. 
So I think going forward, it's only going to get more powerful as we continue to collect data, refine it and become more accomplished at performance marketing, taking that data, use it in a respectful way to serve consumers' products and propositions and messages that meet their needs.

Yes, Bonnie, I'd give a couple of comments. First, overall, for global Baby Care, there's a very robust innovation program that myself, Jon and a team of the most senior officers in the company have spent an extended period of time with the Baby Care team looking at the next 3-year strategy, including the innovation program by tier for major markets. And certainly, we don't announce in advance when we're coming with major innovation. But in the premium, in the mid-tier and some of the specialty areas, we have a robust innovation program, and it will be coming sequentially and coming fast. 
If I step back though, Baby Care improved the fiscal year, with organic sales from last year to this year. Global organic sales did grow in the fourth quarter. We've seen acceleration on most markets in the back half. China importantly, in the fourth quarter, turned very positive to plus 8, U.S. at plus 2. This is, for China, and the first time we've had sales and share growth in 5 years. And it's been driven by the results on both premium tape and pants. So those 2 combined are driving meaningful growth in China. 
U.S. Baby Care is making progress. We know we have work left to do. Pure Protection is doing well. Swaddlers is doing well. Pants is doing well. And we're making -- we have innovation coming that will improve the superiority in the mid- and value tiers, and that will be competitive. We have our eyes wide open. We understand there's other participants in the category. And it will be something we have to sequentially continue to work on. But both global Baby, U.S. Baby, and then I have to look at China Baby, there's encouragement. And we're excited about the new bundle that's launching this month in China. Pampers Pure into a super-premium tier, with natural cotton tape and pants. Diapers with natural cotton. We have a masstige product on tape and pants, featuring cloud-soft diapers with breathability. We have upgrades coming right now on mainline and premium, which we call Ichiban, and new Ichiban-plus, taped with double breathable layers. So each of those tiers, we have meaningful upgrades coming. So yes, it's robust and yes, it's competitive, and our eyes are wide open and recognize this will be one of continuous innovation. It's just a highly engaged category for consumers, but still attractive.

Steve, I'll, again, take the first as you requested on the growth rates. The growth rates, for me, are pretty stable. They're not accelerating, but they're stable at a very good place. And again, our innovation is working to grow categories where we can. As I mentioned earlier, they're in the 3 to 4 range, a good 3 right now and it varies by country, but in the most important markets for us, the biggest markets, it's pretty healthy. U.S. is healthy, China is healthy, India is healthy, Europe is stable at around 2, and Japan, another large market, is flat, but yes, we're growing share. So in general, we feel pretty good. Whether it's as strong as it was prerecession, I'd have to go back and look at 7, 8 before it hit or 6 or 7, I think we were in the 4 to 5 then. We're right now, and I'd call it, the 3 to 4 range. But we feel good about that. 
And what we have seen, to your point, when we offer premium products that have meaningful advantages in many of our big markets, the answer is yes. They are trading up. You're seeing that in some of the specialty areas, the natural. For sure, it's an area we've been very active, our Always and Tampax Pure. It was launched March of '19, is doing very well. The L. acquisition is doing well. Native, our deodorant acquisition, is doing well. Pampers Pure, we've mentioned before. So there's many examples. Tide beads -- Tide PODS and the Downy beads, those are also examples of premium-priced products where consumers have traded up and they offer delightful benefits. So yes on the trade-up when you have a meaningful consumer experience advantage, and I'd call it healthy, relatively stable growth rates of 3 to 4, call it, 3 to 3.5 right now.

Yes, let me start with the broader one, and then -- and Jon is going to jump into specifics, but we can kind of bounce back on this one. First, the broader question on the market and do I expect elevated investments are required to sustain this growth. In many ways, we have elevated the investment, and yes, I do believe we'll have to have meaningful productivity to cover both retailer needs for their value improvement as well as continue to meet the consumers' needs with what I expect will be elevated competitive action. But I think that's all doable within the current guidance, and that's why we've given a wide range. There's a lot of things that could happen. 
Having said that, what we are seeing though is the innovation that we've delivered is contributing to markets that are growing. Our data would say we are a significant part of the reason the markets are healthy in our categories. And we know we have a robust innovation plan coming forth this year and beyond. 
Secondly, we know and we have line of sight to continue on our current productivity program that is generating meaningful investments. And it is covering, and we will continue to work with our retailers to ensure that they have -- we have with them joint value creation plans that meet both needs and those we feel very constructive about. We don't overreact by quarter, so I don't get overly excited about an overly good or bad quarter. What we're looking for is trends over time, and there is very clear trends over the last 3 years of increasing brand-country combinations that we're growing share. That breadth covers category and country, look at it by both ways, and you're seeing it move up significantly from '16 to '17 to '18 to '19, which again gives me confidence that this is a sustainable strategy. And I think the elevated investment is built into our productivity program. Jon?

Very good. Grooming remains an attractive business, as we said, and we haven't lost our enthusiasm for it for many, many reasons. And we did talk organic sales did grow this fiscal year, and we had a good ending of the year.
A couple of things that are frankly very positive about the future, one is the big new innovation called SkinGuard* continues to pick up share. It's already double digit in several of the focus markets that we have launched. It has been expanded around the world right now, and it addresses a very specific benefit of people that have sensitive skin. 
The strategy that we've pivoted to, and I think will bear fruit over time, is looking at the full ladder, from double edge all the way up to the heated razor. So you go from pennies to very expensive products depending on what your need is. We're now more actively playing in disposables, including with innovation in disposables, with sensorial benefits being delivered with things like lube strips. We now innovation across the mid-tier, which is the MACH line in the premium line. All those to me are important. 
Then by market, we have to figure out what is the right ladder and what is the right demand programs to be able to drive trial. And the other we have to do, and you've seen meaningful changes, is figure out how to be relevant to Gen Z and Millennials. And we've made progress there as well. 
So the SkinGuard* initiative is performing well. It's in U.S., Canada, parts of Europe. And overall, acceptance has been strong. The after-use experience is very strong, so all of our efforts now are to drive trial and awareness. And as that continues, and that's a good tailwind for us, we have our eyes wide open. We recognize we've had a significant headwind on broad societal trend on shaving, and we're broadening our view with how we view Grooming and making sure we have products that also allow you to trim and other ways to take care of facial hair. And so both the Braun and the Gillette programs to me are very active and robust. And to me, the plan going forward is robust. It will be both relevant communication, innovation and focused on ensuring that we bring it to life in ways that work with consumers, each market in which we focus.

We have seen competitive reactions, and I think, broadly, each competitor is acting consistent with their strategy. I would characterize the markets as constructive right now. You see an increased level of innovation, which frankly we like, we look forward to addressing. We're seeing innovation across all price tiers. That's again an approach that we're happy to address. I believe that, generally, people have learned a lot from past actions, and each company has to decide what their value-creation plan is. And to date, I have not seen behavior that would increase concern on market attractiveness in the 10 categories in which we participate.

And I'll take the second part of the question. I'm happy to give more detail on Gillette. First that the Edgewell acquisition of Harry's, does this propose additional risk to the business? It's still early. The deal is not close. And we generally don't speculate on what we think the competition is going to do. I will say a few things that we are doing that I think positions us well and broadly if you step back Grooming -- or rather, Edgewell's going to have to make money. They bought a company. We've seen both Unilever's acquisition of Dollar Shave Club and now the Edgewell acquisition of Harry's. Both the parent companies that have bought those startups need to make money. And to me, that's not a bad thing for the overall value-creation opportunities in the industry. 
If I step back again and look at what we're doing, we're doing more differentiation. You've seen our Joy that launched at Walmart has done very, very well. As we've again activate across the ladder and what we see now with our willingness to differentiate, we're rejuvenating both the Gillette and the Venus brands. The campaigns that we'd put out there are working. They're engaging very much with Gen Z and Millennials. And we've seen a significant positive, 80% positive response from Millennials to our recent campaigns and their likelihood to purchase Gillette, which I think is positive.
Online. You mentioned the U.S. Gillette DTC, while still small, has doubled in us in the past 12 months. Our e-commerce business is growing. In the U.K., when I think both competitors showed up, we, in this time, met them at the beach and were much more competitive defending our business, ensuring we provided attractive user experiences and value to those consumers, and we've maintained share leadership in that segment. We've recently expanded Gillette DTC in Germany and Australia, launched Venus DTC in the U.S. So we've stepped up, ensuring that we again serve consumers on and off-line. It's part of the superiority strategy, which is we want to win, we had a consumer who wants to shop. And while the majority has still done off-line, we recognize we needed to step up our game both user experience value and offerings, both direct-to-consumer and more broadly, in the e-commerce, and have done that. So I believe we are well positioned. We see it as a, again, a competitive category, but attractive category. And the acquisition by Edgewell to me doesn't change our interest or our, frankly, our confidence that the plan is robust.

Yes, just a few comments. Certainly, again, our eyes are wide open and we do see the environment as highly competitive. We understand there's a lot of new entrants in the category. But we don't have just a strong quarter. We have got -- over the last 3 years, we have seen increasing brand-country combinations grow. And we've talked about the breadth of our brands and countries improving, and we've gotten now 4 quarters of 4% or better, which I think is a meaningful sustained level of progress. And we certainly expect we needed to go out and continue to earn it. 
Big brands continue to do well when they address consumer needs. They have to stay relevant in how they present themselves in both package and communication, and they have to have an experience that justifies the cost and is better than the best alternative. And our big brands are doing well. And we've extended ourselves into the fast-growing areas. In many cases, it's been an extension of the parent brand. You've seen that on Tide, you've seen that on many other brands. You've also seen that where we've gone into additional areas, whether it's The L. acquisition, Native, Walker & Co. and others to ensure we continue to learn. 
To your question, do we think the organization is better prepared to deal with the competitive environment win? Yes. We have simplified the organization in a way where the focused markets to me have increased focused. The enterprise markets, because of the high volatility, have an organization structure that allows them to address that and get -- and react much more quickly. We've shifted broadly to an organization that is engaged much more agile and it goes to everything, from how we innovate, which is a small team cycling fast, to the fact that we now have one axis of decision-making on primary choices that address this threat, which is the sector business unit. And so the need in the past at times, the need to get alignment across the organization has been meaningfully reduced. We value the input from other parts of the organization, but the leaders that run the businesses are accountable, in touch and they have folks in the market. So I think we're actually well-positioned to see and then respond to competitive threats. And if we do our job right, we understand the consumer needs and we're ahead of those, we're creating the new categories, opportunities and segments of growth. 
And we're seeing progress there as well. But it's highly respectful of our competition, aware of increased competitive actions, but believing that this is a robust and sustainable strategy, focused on the core, superiority, funded by productivity and then brought to life by over 90,000 people that have embraced this strategy, believe in it and are executing with increasing excellence.

I just got a couple of comments. The -- one of the areas that I think causes us to be at least well-positioned to deal with whatever comes at us is, one, we're in categories where performance matters to the consumers, they're daily use categories so they don't go away and frankly, the need to engage with them generally doesn't get reduced in a recession. And the other is our brands today have broader ladders. We play across many price tiers and many benefit segments. So I think we're actually, in many ways, better positioned because we have now identified where we can create value in each category and then establish the appropriate, both price tiers and benefit delivery, for that category. And I mentioned automatic dish earlier. We have a base, we have a premium, and then we have a super premium. That's true in the laundry category. That's true certainly in Shave Care. That's true in Baby Care. We have many segments representing Fem Care. We have multiple segments representing our Family Care business. We have multiple segments in our Oral Care business. 
So if you look at that, at least now we're playing in these segments, and then what we're doing better and better using the data we have, is we're understanding the specific needs of consumers in each segment and designing to make sure we delight but recognize part of the delight is a competitive price point. And to me, we're doing that better. And -- but it gets back to superiority has to be in the eyes of the consumer or the customer or the evaluator. And to me, we're -- we've raised the bar on the expectation of what we deliver to delight the consumer.

And then I may have one point on that, just if you kind of unpack a bit Fabric Care. Fabric Care is more than laundry. Fabric Care also includes fabric enhancers. So you get everything from dryer sheets to liquid fabric refreshers, all the way to beads. And that category fabric enhancers, is what we call it, has been growing very nicely, faster than the -- what you'll consider the detergent category because you are probably right. I can see a huge spike in detergents. But one of the things we've done in that category and many categories is broaden our view of the benefits we can provide. It's why we call it Fabric Care, not laundry. And in Fabric Care, there's many things you can do to extend the life of a fabric and to deliver a variety of benefits beyond just clean or stain removal. It can be antistatic, it can be softening, it can be extended freshness over time, and we do that in a way that's delightful for consumers and created a very large business. 
Fabric enhancers is now, I think, over a $750 million business and growing, and that's part of what's been a driver of Fabric Care's outsized growth. And they have just done a beautiful job, again, understanding the consumer need in this broad category called Fabric Care and doing it very well. And it has contributed to an acceleration in category growth in many markets. The U.S. is probably one of the best examples. If you go back many years, it was flat to 1%, and it ticked up several percent behind Tide PODS, beads. And frankly, we reinvigorated even the Bounce business by again delivering benefits and communicating in a compelling way. So part of what every category has to take on is market growth is a key part of the sustainable strategy we have. And you're seeing more and more examples of superior innovation driving market growth, which then allows us to have the balanced top and bottom line growth that we aspire to deliver.

I think that ends the questions. And let me just close with one. Thank you for our investing the time and discussing P&G. Our strategies are beginning to deliver sustainable balanced growth and value creation. We have our eyes wide open. We know there's still work to do, but we're confident we're on the right track. We must continue and will continue to build the superiority advantage. We'll continue to invest in productivity. But the credit goes to 90,000 people that do -- 90,000-plus that are doing a wonderful job bringing the strategy to life around the world and continuing to build value for all the stakeholders of this company. Thank you.