Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Last evening, we announced that I will retire as CEO on November 1, and Jon Moeller was elected as the incoming CEO. I will remain as Executive Chair of the Board. 
We also announced that Shailesh Jejurikar, has been elected Chief Operating Officer effective October 1, 2021, transitioning behind Jon Moeller. These moves have been thoughtfully planned and provide P&G with highly capable and experienced leadership going forward. I truly have full confidence and strongly support these changes. 
Jon, you know well. He has a distinguished track record throughout his 33-year career with P&G, including more than 12 years as CFO. More recently, Jon added responsibility as Vice Chairman and then Chief Operating Officer with P&L responsibility and ownership for our enterprise markets. In my nearly 6 years as CEO, I've had the benefit of partnering with Jon and an outstanding global leadership team to integrate a comprehensive set of strategies to guide our choices and priorities. 
Now to go back, in 2012, Jon led the initial work to make productivity an integral part of P&G's business. Our team doubled down on this strategy when we announced our second 5-year $10 billion cost savings program in 2017. Today, productivity is built into our operating model and is an ongoing part of our strategy in every part of our business. 
We worked together for several years to focus the company's portfolio on faster growing, more profitable daily use categories where products solve problems and performance drives consumer brand choice. The team largely completed this work with the divestiture of several fashion-driven beauty categories in 2016. This strategy continues to guide our disciplined approach to managing our category and brand portfolio. 
At the CAGNY conference in 2016, we first discussed the tests we were doing on a new approach to our organization design. We refined and formalized the plans and announced the new focused market and enterprise market design at our November 2018 Analyst Day. Our objective was to create a more engaged, agile and accountable organization, which is exactly what we've done. 
In April 2017, we first discussed our work to set a much higher bar for measuring the success of our innovation and execution across products, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value. If there were any doubts about the importance of consistently delivering irresistible superiority, our results over the last few years should have put those to bed. 
And finally, in 2018, we first talked about the need to lead constructive disruption in our highly dynamic and competitive industry. We continue to drive disruption in innovation, brand building, digitization, supply chain transformation and with our citizenship and ESG efforts. 
Over several years, through many challenges, our organization responded brilliantly as we integrated each element of the strategy, building momentum that is evident in our results in the past 3 fiscal years. The team fully embraced the idea that we must be willing to change anything and everything needed to win. The only things we will not change are our purpose, values and principles and our commitment to winning. 
This has been especially evident during the continuing COVID crisis, where the organization has demonstrated tremendous agility to meet the needs of consumers, while ensuring the safety of our employees and supporting communities around the world to deal with the impacts of this crisis. Through all of it, delivering results that should delight owners and do it in a way that makes us proud to be P&Gers. 
Put simply, our strategies are working, our team is outstanding, and I could not be more confident in the next generation of leadership that will take the reins of P&G later this year. 
Now I'll turn it over to Andre Schulten, Chief Financial Officer, to lead us through the fiscal year 2021 fourth quarter and year-end earnings announcement. Andre?

Thanks, Andre. As I said at the outset, our team has done some outstanding work over the last 18 months to manage through the challenges of the COVID crisis and make our business even stronger in the process. In our April earnings call last year, we said we would step forward into the challenge of COVID, not back. We said we would double down to serve consumers, and that's exactly what our team has done. 
As we continue to manage the crisis, we'll remain focused on the 3 priorities that have been guiding our near-term actions and choices: First is ensuring the health and safety of our P&G colleagues around the world; second, maximizing the availability of our products to help people and their families with their cleaning, health and hygiene needs; and third priority, supporting the communities, relief agencies and people who are on the front lines of this global pandemic. 
The strategic choices I outlined earlier are the foundation for balanced top and bottom line growth and long-term value creation, a portfolio of daily use products, many providing cleaning, health and hygiene benefits in categories where performance plays a significant role in brand choice. In these performance-driven categories, we've raised the bar on all aspects of superiority: Product; package; brand communication; retail execution and value. 
Superior offerings delivered with superior execution drive market growth. And I'd like to share just a few examples. First, in our Oral Care business, superior offerings are driving market growth across forums. Last summer, we launched Oral-B iO power brush, which offers an irresistible consumer brushing experience. The value of this superior performance is evident to the consumers, even with the premium price. P&G's global value share in the brush segment is up more than 2.5 points over the past year, and the U.S. power brush category is up nearly 14 points since the innovation launched, with iO contributing more than half of the category growth. 
We recently launched the next breakthrough in teeth whitening, Crest Whitening Emulsions, create a micro-thin layer of concentrated peroxide droplets, enabling consumers to move beyond occasion-based whitening to a product that can be used up to 4x per day with no rinsing or brushing needed. This innovation is a leading contributor to our more than 20% organic sales growth of our tooth whitening business in fiscal '21 and is driving 2/3 of the U.S. whitening category growth.
In Personal Health Care, NyQuil and DayQuil Honey launched last summer, offering a great tasting formula while also delivering powerful relief. NyQuil Honey is the #1 new item in the U.S. respiratory market, and our Vicks share is up 90 basis points over the past 12 months. Despite the soft market due to the very weak cough/cold season, when consumers are shopping in the category, they're increasingly choosing Vicks. 
For some consumers, the environmental aspects of our product offering are taking on increased importance in their assessment of superiority. We are offering the superior performing products or products that are more sustainable and educating consumers on the benefits of those products with superior brand communication. 
I'll switch to Fabric Care. Here, Tide and Ariel are innovating to extend their superior cleaning performance advantages while encouraging consumers to reduce their carbon footprint. Ariel's new campaign, every degree makes a difference, advocates lower washing temperatures. Up to 60% of laundry's carbon footprint comes from heating the water in the washing machine. Lowering the wash temperature is the single most important thing we can do to reduce the environmental impact of laundry. 
To achieve our goals, we continue to innovate to ensure superior fabric cleaning performance in cold water, and we utilize superior communication to educate the consumer on the benefits. This innovation has helped contribute to global Fabric Care's 120 basis points of value share growth over the past 12 months. 
In our European Shave Care business, we're driving superiority across all 5 vectors and improving sustainability along the way. We're moving to a plastic-free packaging on our razor systems, simplifying our lineup, improving on-shelf fundamentals and improving margin for our retail partners. This innovation contributed to mid-single-digit organic sales growth in our European Grooming business in fiscal '21, with market share up 1 point. 
Good business results and good for the environment. This packaging innovation will save the equivalent of 85 million water bottles per year when fully launched around the world. 
More important, and one example is the common theme of superior innovation and execution drives market growth. Leading category growth builds business for our retail partners, and mathematically, builds market share for P&G. We've made investments to strengthen the long-term health and competitiveness of our brands, and we'll continue to invest to extend our margin of advantage and quality of execution, improving options for consumers around the world. 
The strategic need for investment to contribute to strengthen the long-term health and competitiveness of our brands, the short-term need to manage through the crisis and the ongoing need to drive balanced top and bottom line growth, including margin expansion, underscore the importance of ongoing productivity. We're driving cost savings and cash productivity in all facets of our business. 
In cost of goods, we're delivering flexible formulations that can allow us to change between ingredients to lower cost or create supply chain flexibility while ensuring no impact on consumer preference for our brands. We're optimizing plastic bottle designs to reduce the amount of plastics we use while also lowering costs. We're improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our advertising investments, bringing some media planning work in-house to achieve greater cost efficiency while also enabling us to place ads with greater precision based on more granular analytics to reduce waste and increase effectiveness. 
No area of cost is left untouched. We've given more authority and accountability to the business units to decide how to balance the need for more resources in some areas of the business with the opportunities for savings in other areas. They need to make the choices that are best for their business as they work to deliver balanced top and bottom line growth. 
Our success in our highly competitive industry also requires agility that comes with a mindset of constructive disruption, a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends and technologies that will shape our industry for the future. In the current environment, that agility and constructive disruption mindset are even more important. 
Our organizational structure yields a more empowered, agile and accountable organization with little overlap or redundancy, flowing to meet new demands, seamlessly supporting each other to deliver against our priorities around the world. These strategic choices on portfolio, superiority, productivity and constructive disruption and organizational structure and culture are not independent strategies. They reinforce and build on each other. 
When executed well, they grow markets, which in turn grow share, sales and profit. These strategies were delivering strong results before the crisis, have served us well during the crisis, and they will serve us well on the other end of this crisis. We're confident they remain the right strategic choices as we move through and beyond the pandemic. 
We delivered strong results in fiscal '21 in a very challenging environment. While we're pleased with these results and the overall strength of our business, the external environment continues to be volatile and difficult to predict, and our eyes are wide open to the many challenges we face. 
We compete in product categories against highly capable multinational and local competitors. Raw material and transport freight costs have risen sharply. Increased social unrest and economic distress in many parts of the world are putting pressure on local GDP growth. And the pandemic continues to create risk for consumers, retail partners and supply chains. 
With these challenges, there are also opportunities as we emerge from the pandemic. The relevance of our categories in consumers' lives likely remains elevated. We will serve what will likely become a forever altered cleaning health and hygiene focus for consumers who use our products daily or multiple times each day. There may be a continued increased focus on home, more time at home, more meals at home with related consumption impacts. 
The importance of noticeably superior performance potentially grows. There is potential for increased preference for established reputable brands that solve newly-framed problems better than alternatives, potentially less experimentation, potential for a lasting shift to e-commerce, both e-tailers and omnichannel. Our experience to date makes us believe we are generally well positioned in this environment. 
We're discovering lower-cost ways of working with fewer resources, today's necessity giving rise to the productivity inventions of tomorrow. New digital tools are being brought to the forefront, providing another productivity driver on the factory floor, in our labs and in our office environment. 
Our business exhibited strong momentum well before the crisis. We strengthened our position further during the crisis, and we believe P&G is well positioned to serve the heightened needs and new behaviors of consumers and our retail and distributor partners post crisis. We have the right strategies, we have the right portfolio, we have the right organization structure. We have a team of 100,000 employees focused on executing to delight consumers, win with customers and deliver balanced growth and value creation. 
With that, I'll hand it back to Andre to outline our guidance for fiscal 2022. Andre?

Thanks, Andre. Our business exhibited strong momentum well before the COVID crisis. We've strengthened our position further during the crisis, and we believe P&G is well positioned to grow through and beyond the crisis. 
We will manage what is likely to be a volatile near term, consistent with the strategy we've outlined many times and against the immediate priorities of ensuring employee health and safety, maximizing availability of our products to serve cleaning, health and hygiene needs and helping society overcome the COVID challenges that still exist in many parts of the world. 
We'll continue to step forward toward our opportunities, not back. We remain committed to our strategies and fully invested in our business. We remain committed to driving productivity improvements to fund investment and to maintain balanced top and bottom line growth over the long term. We're doing this in our interest, in society's interest and in the interest of our long-term shareowners. 
Now we'd be happy to take your questions.

Okay. Let me start with the last part first and then Andre can hit some of the marketing spending numbers. But first, no, the marketers should not be worried. The marketers should feel wonderful in that we've got a senior leadership that is maintaining a high degree of consistency. 
And you all know Jon very, very well. He has supported these investments in media to the extent they grow the market and grow market share and are helping drive awareness and trial of superior products and brands, that's a good thing. It's about creating value, not reducing or increasing one element of cost. And Jon has been very engaged with me and the leadership team in these decisions. 
The other thing about our organization structure, we leave it to the sector CEOs and the enterprise leader to decide how much to invest in their businesses. This is not a decision we make at the headquarters, it's a decision made by each one of the business leaders. And we hold them accountable to create the top and bottom line growth and cash generation for their business. And I think the results for the last 3 years speak for themselves. And so, they actually should feel very good, as do I, that the leadership of the company and the organization structure is working very well. 
And I'll leave one comment on the marketing spending efficiency, then Andre can add some additional comments. We have increased meaningfully the investment in marketing, but we have also increased the rate of meaningful innovation that grows the market. 
So one of the key parts is you have to help consumers understand what the product is, how to use it and then help drive awareness and trial. And these investments have done that. It's evidenced, again, in the top line growth. You'll recall very well, if you go back 4, 5 years ago, our average growth was about 2%. We moved up the past 4 years -- past 5 years, we've averaged 4%. In the last 3 years, 6%. And we've got the strongest share growth we've seen in many years, which tells me the combination of the superiority strategy and the brilliant execution by our people is really working. And we'll continue to invest behind both brands that are winning and invest to make sure we get the trial. 
And Andre, any comments on the specific numbers?

A couple of comments about the consumer changes that we think are enduring and then certainly, Andre or Jon can jump in with some comments as well. 
We do believe that the health, cleaning, the hygiene brands will continue to play an increased role. There were these statistics that I saw a while back, that prepandemic, about 5% of people work from home and then post pandemic, estimated 20%. I don't know what the number will be, but certainly, there's a significant number of people that will be in home more than they were prepandemic. That bodes well for us. 
I believe the strength of our brands and actually, the shift towards trusted brands will likely last a good while. We've had meaningful increased household penetration on some of our brands as there was a stock up, and then people got exposed to the superior performance. I think that will have a lingering positive impact. 
So you've got both more people at home, now take the U.S. especially, more occasions at home. You've got a shift towards trusted brands and the role that health, cleaning and hygiene plays will anniversary some tough comps. But the health of the brands and the share momentum, to me, gives me a lot of confidence going forward. 
The U.S. and Europe, I call it our biggest focused markets are having some of the strongest share progress they've had. In every one of those categories, in absolute share is higher than they were prepandemic with the exception of Family Care that had a supply issue for the first part, just couldn't supply because of the increased demand, and they're growing share in the fourth quarter. 
So we've got good momentum. Consumers continue to vote for trusted, superior performing brands and that I think those consumer habit changes will likely last.

Sure, happy to. First, it has been a challenging category for several years. And as we -- we were very open, several years ago. It would take time because of the technical changes we needed to make to deliver product superiority. And we continue to make those changes, but I'm actually very encouraged by the progress they've made. 
Our focus markets grew top line and profits last year. All-in profits increased, global Baby Care made progress. Our North America business, especially was plus 3%, the highest it's been in 6 years. We're leading the category growth. We actually have strong share growth now in North America, most recent period, it's up 1 point or more. 
Our superiority metric, which is really important, back several years ago, it was 25%, which is unacceptable. It's up to 60% rising, and we'll continue to be investing to, again, delight consumers. But with North America doing better, Europe returned to growth for the first time in 6 years, you're right, it's been challenging, both the birth rate, but return to growth, expanded the margins. 
We addressed some of the challenges we had in our enterprise markets. Jon and his team did a great job there, working to make sure we had structurally profitable businesses and adjusting the business model and supply systems where need be. So you look across those. 
And then this shift towards fast growth segments. Our wipes business was up 10%. Our Pants business was up 12%. We doubled our bedwetter segment growth to 12% behind the successful Ninjamas launch. So there's a number of things going well. 
We still have much work to do, and we understand that. Baby Care does take time, but this was the best year we've had in 6 years, and the trends are positive. We're now playing in fast-growing segments, and the product superiority is getting better each year. So I become more optimistic on Baby Care each year. I think the leader and their team are doing a really nice job recognizing that this is a mid- to long-term game, and they're continuing to make the right investments.

I'll give one quick comment and turn it to Andre. Javier, we have many tools to deal with the commodity cost increase. And one thing that is very clear is that hits everybody. That hits local brands, international brands, equally in many ways, more severely if you don't have scaled supply systems and the buying power that a company like P&G does where we work collaboratively with our suppliers. 
So we've got the tools that include innovation, which I think is as strong as I've seen it in years. We have certainly pricing, but we have a very active productivity program. So we've got the tools. 
If you get into specifics for Europe and others, I'm going to turn it to Andre to get into, but again, I think we're well positioned to deal with it. And we have our eyes wide open that it's going to be meaningful, and especially in some of the categories that have some of the increased amounts of raw materials that have been hit the most. 
Andre, you want to give any specific comments about Europe?

Yes. I'll give a comment and then I'll turn it to Jon. First, there are many opportunities, but it starts right here in the U.S. It's our largest market. We have -- we declared several years ago, the U.S. is a growth market. We don't have any markets that aren't growth markets. It's our job to create the innovation that drives the growth. And I think it's best illustrated by the U.S. We are averaging 1% to 2%, and we've moved to mid-singles. And certainly the last 2 years, we've been in high singles. And it has driven by the innovation and the communication, just the superiority strategy of being brought to health and executed in a very good way. 
We have had some bolt-on acquisitions that you're well aware of. There have been some categories that we've been open about. We added the Merck international business to our Health Care, and that's done very well, and you've seen the growth recently in our Health Care business. That remains an interesting segment. 
You've seen some bolt-on acquisitions in the Beauty Care business. Again, that remains an interesting business as well. And each of the sector leaders has the opportunity to evaluate whether they see bolt-on acquisitions or acquisitions that would be helpful. 
The core though is most important, driving the core in the focus markets and then continuing to have smart growth and value creations in the enterprise markets is working. And I believe that's the right strategy. 
I'll turn it to Jon to offer any comments about how he's thinking about the future. But we've worked together on these and been very aligned that it starts with delivering the core and seeing market growth is a key responsibility of each category.

Let me start with a couple of those here. There are quite a few questions there. So you have to help me if we don't answer each one. 
First, you mentioned our Beauty business, specifically SK-II. I'm very pleased, if I just take SK-II as an example, you would have expected it to get hit very, very hard because of travel retail virtually stopping in Asia, and it's certainly a huge channel. But the team pivoted amazingly well and was able to actually grow the business. 
Last year, the business was up double digits, up 13%. So SK-II is actually healthy and continues to grow nicely because the consumption that did not happen in travel retail happened in the home market. And then there was the duty-free area in Hainan province. They did a really nice job making sure that the brand was both available and had the innovation and communication to win. 
So SK-II is healthy, and I expect -- I don't know when travel retail will resume. You can take your guess. It looks like it's going to be a while. But the good news is, at the strong growth that we're seeing already, we're not dependent on that. That will be -- it could be a help if and when it opens up anytime soon. 
More broadly, the Skin and Personal Care business had a strong year last year as did the overall Beauty business. So again, I feel very good about the business. How strong it grows next year will be dependent again on many of the factors that we've already mentioned. While there's meaningful cost headwinds, the innovation that both Hair Care, Skin and Personal Care has launched and will be launching, I feel very good about. So both businesses had strong years on the top and bottom line and I feel good about those. 
Baby Care, I made a number of comments earlier, so I'm not sure what else would be helpful. Yes, we are very committed to the category. The innovation coming will continue to come. We are on a multiyear innovation program. Certainly, part of it has hit the market. You see that improvement in percent superiority from 25% to 60%. We'll continue to work to move that up significantly. 
And we also recognize that for many consumers in many markets, the premiumization is critically important in these high-growth areas. And that allows us to offset some of the challenges that you're well aware of on the birth rate and still grow the category and grow share and create value. And Baby Care did create value this year. It's a very strong year, strong improvement. 
So all these businesses to me have meaningful upside and especially the Beauty business has very good momentum, and Baby Care is accelerating. So I feel good about those.

It's actually very balanced, volume and pricing, but let me take one and then we can give the specific numbers. 
First on Grooming. Grooming had a very strong year. They grew mid-single digits on the top and double digit on the bottom. Importantly, they grew share almost every segment across whether it's male shave, female shave, appliance, all of those making very good progress, which contributed to the strong growth. And as you rightfully said, as people return to working outside their home, I think that will benefit the category. 
And what the team has done, which I think is very strong and very important going into the future, we're no longer a wet shave business. We're truly a grooming business with growth in wet shave, dry shave, which we call appliances. 
We're also growing in many of the new areas like IPL, the intense pulse light area. All of those, to me, give me confidence. And it's in the new segments as well. We have innovation coming, King C. Gillette, which helps people with facial hair. So it's a broader portfolio, innovation across all those different forms and segments and it's leading to mid-single top and double-digit bottom. So that's the strongest year we've had in many, many years in grooming. And the reason it's strong should continue because it's innovation-driven, consumer-driven.

I won't speculate too much in the relative outperformance. What I can say is the strength of just what you said, the brands are strong and the measures we use, which I think are really important, our superiority metrics are relative to the best competitor in each brand, in each country. So it pushes us to maintain and try to extend the advantage we have. 
Now we have full respect for our competitors. And you're right, we have very strong growth in both North America, Europe and Latin America. And in those markets, we'll see what happens next year. But if this share growth has been now sustained in North America for 3 years and in Europe for 3 years, so the focus markets are performing very well. 
And as Jon mentioned, we have very strong progress in the enterprise markets. We are mid-singles with double-digit growth in a very, very difficult environment. So that gives me confidence we're at least well positioned. 
But the other thing is very real, you have to earn it every day. And so our teams understand that our competitors are refocusing and those that lost share will come back with their innovations and investments. And it's our job to go earn it. But it's very clear that's what they're accountable to deliver. And based on the last 3 years, I've got confidence they'll continue.

I'll just offer a couple of thoughts. First, thank you for the kind words. The organization deserves a ton of credit and the total leadership team, but I appreciate your comments on me and very much agree with your comments on Jon. 
In terms of trade promotion, certainly, it's in our best interest to bring to our retail partners, programs that build their business and build their margin. I do believe, as you said that, that can best be done by innovation and market-growing plans. And there's roles they play with us in making sort of things like the shelf. The virtual or physical shelf is arranged in a way that creates market growth and helps consumers find the brands that they're most apt to use. We worked with retail partners around the world. And the ones we've partnered with best success is they grow, the market grows, the margin grows and that we help them do it, we get rewarded. 
So we will continue with that certainly objective. And certainly, our eyes are wide open. I expect from a very low base, we will see an increase in trade spending. Do I believe it will go all the way back to what it was before? I think many retailers are very interested in finding smart ways and they have the same pressures that we do with the commodity cost. They need as well as we to find ways to create value. So I'm hopeful that we'll see some thoughtful change in promotion strategy that is more value creating for the market.

I'll let Andre comment on the hedging question in just a second. The way I think about the retailers' approach to their business, I don't really think about it through an inventory lens so much as I think about it through a desire to maintain dependability of supply. And those manufacturers that can offer that assurance are often being rewarded with increased shelf space and increased focus on the part of our retail partners. 
There's a small amount of inventory build, but that's not really the focus. The focus is on how do we ensure supply and maintain the satisfaction of our shoppers. And that's a very fertile place for us to play. 
With regard to hedging, Andre?

Very good. Thank you very much. I think that concludes the call. We very much appreciate your engagement. P&G has got strong momentum. We've got a strong leadership, leadership team and organization, and we will continue to work aggressively to deliver strong results and value for our shareowners. 
Thank you all for your support and your comments today.