Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. 
Our efforts to position our business for growth continued to pay off this quarter. We achieved year-over-year sales growth, driven by key brands in every business and delivered strong adjusted earnings per share growth. Initial benefits of tax reform and ongoing cost discipline helped fuel EPS growth. We will continue to deliver long-term top and bottom line growth by executing our strategic road map, supporting a portfolio of leading and emerging brands and guided by a deep focus on consumer and customer insights. 
During our CAGNY presentation next week, we will provide a more thorough update on our strategic road map and the 4 foundational pillars of innovation, investments, cost savings and acquisitions. This morning, let me highlight our progress as reflected in our third quarter results. 
We achieved strong sales performance for leading -- for key leading brands in the quarter, demonstrating the ability of our brands to win in today's environment. This included mid-single-digit sales growth for Jif, Smucker's Fruit Spreads and Milk-Bone. In addition, we achieved low single-digit growth for Folgers, driven by our Away From Home coffee business. These gains were partially offset by reduced sales for the Crisco brand, reflecting loss distribution at a key customer and a timing-related decline for Natural Balance. 
Net sales for our U.S. K-Cup portfolio grew 14% in the quarter, with gains for all of our brands. Dunkin' Donuts and Café Bustelo K-Cups continued to deliver double-digit increases, and Folgers K-Cups returned to growth in the quarter. In addition, margins on our K-Cup business improved significantly, all of which reflect the benefits of our enhanced partnership with Keurig Green Mountain. 
We are now a year into the grocery and mass channel rollout of our Nature's Recipe premium dog food brand, and momentum continues. Net sales for the brand were up 24% in the third quarter and 39% year-to-date, benefiting from a national advertising campaign, which is driving brand awareness and accelerating consumer takeaway despite increased competitive activity. 
Momentum for the Smucker's Uncrustables brand also remained strong, with company-wide sales up 23% in the third quarter and on pace for another year of double-digit sales growth. In addition, construction of our new Uncrustable Sandwiches facility in Longmont, Colorado is on track. When complete in fiscal 2020, we will have capacity to further accelerate growth as we expect to double net sales from the $250 million level we project for the current fiscal year. 
Innovation, including recent product launches such as Dunkin' Donuts Cold Brew coffee and Meow Mix Simple Servings cat food, contributed to sales growth in the quarter. In total, products introduced in the past 3 years delivered 7% of third quarter sales -- net sales. We look forward to sharing more on our innovation efforts next week, including the introduction of 2 new platforms that extend the reach of our iconic Folgers and Jif brands. 
E-commerce also remains a significant area of strategic focus as we continue to place emphasis on this opportunity across our brands and businesses. While still a small base, year-to-date e-commerce sales for our U.S. retail businesses were up 78%, with pet food brands up 71% and coffee sales in the channel more than doubling. These represent 2 of the fastest-growing categories in e-commerce as they're well suited for a subscription model of repeat purchases. Although not all of these sales are incremental, we continue to earn our fair share as consumers shift to online purchases. 
Another key component of our strategic road map is generating cost savings to provide the fuel for investment in top line growth and margin expansion. In addition to fully realizing our $200 million pet food synergies earlier in the year, we continue to make progress on our other cost-savings programs, including our initiative to strengthen cost discipline throughout the organization. These, along with benefits related to our new K-Cup agreement I spoke to earlier, are the key drivers in achieving our projected $100 million in cost savings this year as part of our $250 million cost management program that we expect to fully realize by 2020. 
In addition to our cost-savings programs, we estimate an annual earnings benefit of $120 million from recent U.S. tax reform, nearly 1/2 of which is expected to be realized in fiscal 2018, with the full year benefit in 2019. These tax savings provide incremental fuel to invest in our growth initiatives, including increased marketing to support upcoming innovation, while also investing in our employees and the communities where they work, and of course, opportunities to increase cash returned to shareholders. 
Let me close my comments by reiterating that we're executing against the strategic road map that we've set out to ensure a clear path to delivering on our 3 key financial priorities of top line growth, achieving significant cost savings and delivering earnings per share growth in line with our stated long-term objective. I would like to thank all of our employees for their efforts and continued dedication as they are collectively driving the success of our company. 
I will now turn the call over to Mark.

Pablo, this is Mark Smucker. Just on margins, what I would tell you is that as it relates to these -- all these different segments, we've talked about mainstream premium and single-serve. The dynamics in the category is such -- and the way we manage the business is such that, at this point in time, margins are generally consistent across all of those categories and all -- or segments, I should say, and they're all profitable.

Yes. Scott, this is the other Mark, Smucker. Just agree with Mark. I mean, we still have an obligation to our shareholders to grow earnings, but we also have an obligation to grow our businesses. And so as Mark said, the tax reform does give us a unique window. Obviously, we're doing some significant cost savings as well. And we do expect marketing to be up significantly next year. But I would also point out that what we have really been doing as we execute the strategic road map is get our foundation in order and make sure that we're prioritizing the investments to those areas where we know we can grow. Consumer Foods is a very good example of that. So while you would have potentially seen that marketing has not increased in aggregate this year on Consumer, it has increased in those areas where we need to invest, like Uncrustables and Jif and things like that. So we may be deemphasizing some stuff in order to invest where we really think we can get the biggest bang for our buck.

Scott, it's Mark Smucker again. The other thing I'd just point out on Pillsbury, just to build on what Steve said, is we have made some conscious decisions when we see that the competitive environment is such that in -- an investment in a brand might actually create a situation where profit is just too challenged. I think that's sort of been the case with Pillsbury this past year. We consciously chose not to go deep, if you will. That said, we do have some nice innovation coming out on Pillsbury in the next year. So it's not that we're ignoring it, and it's not that we're just letting it stagnate, but we do have some nice innovation that will continue to support that business going forward.

Before we go to the next question -- this is Mark Smucker -- just recognizing, I want to be respectful of everyone's time. We know that several of you may drop off at the bottom of the hour for a couple of the other earnings calls. But we will continue. We have a handful more questions, we would like to answer them. So for those of you that will stay on, we will take a handful more questions.

On marketing specifically, you're asking, Rob?

Yes. Clearly, our industry is very competitive. And I think at the end of the day, it's hard for me to comment on what others might do. But I think going back to one of my earlier comments, our goal is really to invest in those areas where we really think the growth can come from. And so we've done -- and hopefully you'll see this next week, we've done a lot of work, very diligent work on understanding the consumer, what consumer needs are and how we are uniquely positioned to meet some of those consumer needs. So it's not to say that other companies aren't doing those same things. But I think where we are choosing to invest is probably the most important thing I could say. And broadly, if everybody invests more in the consumer, I think it's -- quite frankly, I think it's good for the industry because I think it helps consumers continue to regain trust in big food, if you will, and the brands that we represent. And so I think we have an obligation to our consumers to invest and to communicate directly with them as much as possible, particularly in the digital age.

So that could be mass media, digital advertising, experiential advertising that reaches the end consumer directly.

No, that's trade and customer-related, and that's a different line item on the income statement.

John, this is Mark Smucker. Just to comment on the share. Particularly in the last share numbers, we buy IRI data, I think what we see is that leading brands, particularly #1 brands, tend to fare well even when private labels are making a push. And the numbers that we're seeing reflect that. And so you'll see the #2 and 3 brands, and at least particularly in this last period, generally look down versus some of our brands that are in the #1 spot.

I think that's fair.

I just want to thank everybody for their time. I appreciate it's a busy day for most of you. Just want to reiterate that we've spent a lot of time this past year making sure our foundation is strong and making sure that we're investing in the right things. And so we look forward to seeing you all and sharing more about that with you guys next week at CAGNY. Thank you.