Andrew, it's Mark. Thanks for the -- thank you for the question. The first headline in response is that this is fundamentally about our strategy of investing where the growth is. In other words, we've talked about reshaping our portfolio, which is not only about M&A, but it's also about making sure that we're putting resources against our largest opportunities, and Uncrustables is clearly one of those. If you think about 30 consecutive quarters of growth, mostly -- and almost every one of those quarters has been double digit. This last quarter was about 33%. We're going to hit our $0.5 billion target a year early, which is fantastic. And that has been supported by the investment in our second facility in Longmont, Colorado, which we continue to invest in and add lines there to support getting to, of course, over $0.5 billion.
And yes, you're correct. The investment in the Alabama facility, which we will break ground on in the next couple of months, will support, obviously, further growth to what we believe could be north of $1 billion. And so the reasons why -- the reason to believe is there's just a ton of runway on this brand. I mean household penetration, number one, is still low. It's only about 11%. There's significant room for growth in household penetration. Number two, we have not invested significantly in marketing. And so we have not turned on any significant consumer spend.
And then there is runway even just on our core peanut butter and jelly offerings, whether that's in particular places in U.S. retail, certain locations and Away From Home. We have not turned on Canada yet. And then there's opportunities in the convenience channel. So if you think about all of those plus the fact that we haven't done any really meaningful innovation, we just think there's a ton of growth opportunities and momentum for that brand.

Laurent, this is Mark. I might just add that, just to your point about confidence, clearly, we're operating in a very dynamic environment where there have been a number of challenges, whether it's supply chain related or inflation, what have you. I think fundamentally, the reason that we have continued to deliver is because our execution has been excellent. Our people have been extremely agile and been able to pivot and react or, in many cases, anticipate challenges before they happen.
And so it's a combination fundamentally of detailed supply chain management and then the combination of both consumer and customer execution. So marketing and sales execution working together in concert along with our supply chain management, I think, has truly allowed us to continue to deliver consistently over the last few quarters.

Sure, Chris. I think Tucker, in one of his previous answers, talked a little bit about some of our elasticity assumptions going forward. But the success that we've experienced is a couple of things. First and foremost, it's what I just said in Laurent's question about the -- firing on all cylinders of managing the supply chain through all of its dynamic changes as well as continuing to invest in our brands during this time, not cut marketing in a material way, but continuing to invest. We've had some world-class marketing campaigns, notably Jif most recently, as well as just the store level execution to make sure that we do our best work, trying to keep our brands in stock.
So I think it's those things plus what we believe is an ongoing tailwind of elevated at-home consumption driven by the fact that folks are not going to go back to work the way that they once did. There is going to be, we believe, a hybrid work model that is going to keep people in their homes more than they used to. And so since we clearly are breakfast and lunch oriented, that is definitely going to continue to support our business as well as, as you know, focusing on pet snacks, Milk-Bone alone was up 17% in the quarter. So we've just had some very nice results supported by both our execution and then some of this, what we view as a persisting tailwind of at-home consumption.

Sure, Steve. So first of all, as we talked last quarter, and this will probably be a little bit repetitious. Our pet strategy, you'll recall, is really contingent on 3 legs of the stool. The first and priority is pet snacks because we are the leader in pet snacks and continuing to direct resources to our pet snacks business. Our cat food business, where we are a solid #2, and Meow Mix has experienced significant growth, continues to see quarter-over-quarter growth even sequentially. And so those 2 clearly, where we have stronger leadership positions, are priorities.
And then, of course, the third leg is our dog food, where we are not as much in a leadership position and recognize that and acknowledged last quarter that we are not going to experience the same level of growth on our dog food business as we would on the other. But it still serves an important role. Nutrish, specifically, albeit a relatively small portion, did do well in the quarter with about 5% growth total over the entire brand. And actually, dry dog saw about 4 -- 1% growth, sorry, in the quarter. So we did experience some growth, and we remain committed, if you recall, to the entire Nutrish brand, which includes both snacks as well as some wet products as well.
And let me correct myself. I thought I was right, 4% was our growth on dry dog. So we did have a solid quarter on dry dog on Nutrish this quarter.

Yes. Bryan, it's Mark. The short answer is our playbook fundamentally hasn't changed. And so the intent is to fully recover over time, acting as a leader in our categories, right? And so list price movements as we have seen over these last several months are not unusual. And because they are so ubiquitous, obviously, the tide sort of raises all boats. So everyone is experiencing it. I would also just highlight that in addition to these list price increases and our intent to fully recover within that, we can use other levers like optimizing our trade spend and obviously, some of the productivity initiatives that Tucker previously mentioned. But yes, over time, our intent is to fully recover. And as you've heard us say over the last couple of quarters, there is some timing lag from when those actions hit the marketplace.

Alexia, it's Mark. I'll start here. So first of all, I think it's what we've been saying in terms of just the supply chain uncertainties, how dynamic that is, some of the labor challenges that exist across multiple industries. I think if you think about those components, those are probably going to persist for the foreseeable future. I think that's been a pretty consistent theme.
The way I would describe it is it's -- when I say dynamic, what we mean is the challenges that exist can change week to week, month to month. It could be an ingredient or a packaging component. At one point, it could be some isolated labor challenges in a particular geography. So it really is somewhat of a moving target. And the fact that we, about 6 months ago, did actually change some of our organization structure. We became a flatter organization, which truly has allowed us to be very agile and pivot to those -- to where we do see challenges very quickly. And again, I think it's that ability to be agile and to respond to this very dynamic environment that has allowed us to stay on top of it and continue to deliver products ultimately to our end customers.

Sure, Alexia. Thanks for the question. So the general headline is what I've said before, is just the combination of both consumer and customer marketing and sales execution. Those 2 things working together has been incredibly successful. If I recall, we may have spoken a bit at CAGNY last year about some of our new online capabilities that actually, just as by way of an example, with our retail customers, we have rolled out a capability where we are able to actually see outages, for example, in store clusters or geographies and are able to react to potentially those out-of-stocks quickly and make sure that if we're in, say, a major metropolitan area with 1 customer, that we can actually go in and target specific groups of stores and actually ensure that we're getting product on the shelves, whether that's even out of the back room or not. It's truly very tactical. But we believe that, that capability is one example of how we're able to quickly react, and we do believe that, that's best in class.

Rob, it's Mark. Let me start with your second question around labor. It is systemic, as you know. And as I mentioned to Alexia, it is a moving target in terms of where we might experience certain labor shortages. I think it depends on the geography. Sometimes in certain geographies, we may be competing for skilled labor. I would -- what I would tell you in general is that less skilled labor, which sometimes would be -- some in distribution centers, is the labor that probably moves around the most and we see probably the most turnover. But again, I think we've been very agile at adapting to the challenges and been able to stay on top of things for the most part. But it is -- again, it varies and it can shift over time.
Pet snacks, I think in terms of a little bit more specifics, obviously, we have been supporting our pet snacks business with advertising, which has been very effective. And again, some of the other capabilities around sales at the store level have allowed us to remain in stock. And Milk-Bone, specifically, has been supported by some new innovation, which has actually done reasonably well also. So it is a combination of all of those things that has been supporting our snacks business as well as Milk-Bone, specifically.
The one other comment I would make is, and I -- just from a channels, I think we might have to follow up with you and get on the specifics of that. But what we are seeing in our numbers is that it's typically growth across all channels and that the consumption growth that you're seeing is generally in line with our sales growth.

No. We are actually moving forward and basically sticking to our guns on our marketing plans. Our -- given the inflation across our portfolio more broadly, the percent of sales that you would see will be down slightly versus last year, but our marketing budgets are very much in line with what they were last year. Coffee is actually up slightly. And so we continue to invest in our brands.

Yes. Sure. The Milk-Bone, for example, is really around premiumization, and there's a number of new Milk-Bone products, think about biscuits being dipped in some other product, peanut butter, for example. Peanut butter on a dog biscuit is one. Those do very well, and those are relatively easy line extensions for us to do. And so we've done well in Milk-Bone. That's a really good example. Meow Mix, we've continued to invest in marketing there. So we've seen good growth on Meow Mix.
And then Dunkin' and Bustelo, in coffee, both are -- have maintained their households. In fact, what we're seeing is that they are the 2 brands in the whole coffee category that have maintained their household both at double digit. And so continuing to invest in those brands as well.
And then finally, just on Folgers, as we know, the category continues to shift to K-Cups. Keurig has done a great job just in terms of selling more brewers, and we think there's going to be probably a couple of million more brewers coming online. And our Folgers brand has been doing fantastic in the K-Cup space. So just shifting our portfolio again to where the growth is going has really benefited us.

Sure, Rebecca. The first is, as you mentioned, we have been focused a few years ago on fewer bigger. And I think what -- we did have a couple of stumbles there. Our 1850 brand notably is still in the market and is sort of steady. And so our 1850 brand, which was a relatively big launch in coffee as an extension of Folgers, has done decent and remains in market. What we learned through that process is that you have to have a combination of smaller and larger bets and if you get the mix right, it works.
I would highlight that even when we have had stumbles, we -- our growth from new products has been consistent with our algorithm over time. And so even in the years where we feel like some of our larger bets may not have been as successful as we hoped, we still delivered against our growth algorithm on new products. And we really feel like right now, we've got the mix right. I've already mentioned several times about some of the Milk-Bone and some of the other innovation that we've been seeing and just getting that mix right. Jif Squeeze is another really good example of just taking peanut butter and putting in a different, more convenient packaging has been very successful as well. So it's just -- at the end of the day, it comes down to knowing your consumer and getting the balance right.

Okay. I'm going to -- the last part of your question, it varies by category, but it would be roughly 60-40 or -- it's in the 60-40 to 50-50 range. And what that means is mass media is important because it's all about reach. It's about reaching as many consumers as you can. Digital is more about targeted. So you already have consumers and you're trying to make sure you keep them in your brand franchises. That's an oversimplification, but that's sort of how we think about it. So you have to have both.
The question more specifically about marketing was, and I'll try to do this in the broadest terms. We needed to fundamentally think about how we partnered with our external partners. We had many, many agencies. We essentially consolidated down to one. We partnered primarily with Publicis on consumer marketing. In doing so, it afforded us the opportunity to restructure how we are organized and line up with them and maybe most importantly, really making sure that we were giving our partners the license to be -- to create very bold and consumer relevant creative.
So the example I would use again is Jif. The most recent campaign where we have partnerships with Ludacris and Gunna, both rappers from 2 different eras, there was a TikTok rap challenge as part of that, which we actually earned 7 billion views, which is unbelievable and certainly a record for us, as a company, in terms of the number of impressions that we made, but also probably a record in a number -- I think TikTok gave us -- we were in the top 12 most influential campaigns this past year.
So clearly, this has been a journey over the last 3 years. The consumer marketing piece is definitely working. And now with the combination of a more focused and refined sales execution model, the combination of those 2 things is very powerful and again, a key to our success.

Well, first of all, I want to wish everyone a very happy holiday and very happy Thanksgiving this week. Thank you for being with us this week. I know it's a holiday week. And I think the most important thing is just to pause and thank our employees who have truly done yeoman's work, managing this company through a tremendous number of challenges and really delivering results. So thank you, most of all to our employees, and thank you to our shareholders for your support.