Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was great to see many of you last week at CAGNY. We appreciated the opportunity to provide an update on our vision and strategy, the progress being made on our growth imperatives, our purpose and related ESG efforts. We continue to take decisive actions to improve performance and remain focused on executing against a clear set of priorities. We will deliver earnings growth and long-term shareholder value by prioritizing resources toward our key growth platforms, continuing increased investments to reinvigorate our brands, enhancing category leadership and executing focused, operational and financial discipline. 
Overall, our third quarter financial results were in line with our expectations as our anticipated decline in net sales was offset by the benefits of our targeted actions to deliver adjusted EPS growth of 4%. These actions include an increased focus on consumer-facing marketing, prioritization of resources and a reduction in discretionary spending. 
Net sales declined 2% compared to the prior year, reflecting softness in our dog food business, particularly related to our private label products and the Natural Balance brand. Net sales for the balance of our portfolio were essentially flat with the deflationary commodity costs being passed on to consumers through lower pricing in coffee and peanut butter, mostly offset by volume growth. 
Highlights from the quarter included strong performance for key brands within our focus categories of pet food and pet snacks, coffee and snacking. Starting with pet food, our cat food business achieved low single-digit growth, which marked the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales growth for our cat portfolio. While dog snacks declined slightly overall primarily due to the shift of a large retailer promotional event in the third quarter of the prior year to the fourth quarter of this year, we were pleased with the performance of our category-leading Milk-Bone brand, which achieved low single-digit growth and benefited from innovation, which is expanding the brand into new treat segments, including rawhide alternatives. 
As anticipated, Nutrish pet food net sales declined due to the impact of retailer inventory build related to new distribution in the prior year and competitive activity in the premium dog food category. As we discussed on last quarter's call, the team is executing a set of targeted actions to improve the Nutrish brand's consumer value proposition and reinvigorate performance. During the quarter, we saw positive consumer response to these actions as household penetration for the brand improved and consumer takeaway across all channels grew by 5% sequentially from the second quarter, including online and the pet specialty channel. 
Looking forward, further actions will be implemented in the fourth quarter, including the new marketing campaign that leverages the equities of Rachael Ray and real food ingredients. While consumption trends are improving, we expect shipments to decline in the fourth quarter as we lap significant distribution expansion in the prior year. We remain on track to return the brand to growth in fiscal 2021. 
In coffee, segment profit grew even though net sales were comparable to the prior year as lower green coffee costs are being passed through to consumers. Volume in this segment grew for the sixth consecutive quarter and the Folgers brand achieved its highest volume quarter in over 3 years. Dunkin' and Café Bustelo continued their growth trends, up 4% and 13%, respectively, benefiting from expanded distribution, increased household penetration and the impact of new marketing campaigns. K-Cup sales also increased 7% with growth for each brand in the portfolio. 
In snacking, the Smucker's Uncrustables brand accelerated to 23% growth in the quarter and we expect similar growth in the fourth quarter. As we shared at CAGNY last week, we are excited about the potential of the Uncrustables brand, its continued trajectory for growth and the upcoming innovation that will expand the platform beyond peanut butter and jelly into convenient meat and cheese snacks. 
As we announced last week, we made the difficult decision to discontinue Jif Power Ups early next fiscal year. Our principles of financial discipline guided this decision to reallocate resources to areas of the portfolio we believe will generate faster and greater financial returns, such as upcoming Jif innovation and the Uncrustables platform. While Power Ups was successful in attracting new consumers to the Jif brand and will contribute approximately $20 million to net sales this year, the long-term profit projections in the competitive bar category were below our expectations, and we believe this is the right long-term decision. 
I will now turn to the progress made against our consumer-centric growth imperatives to lead in the best categories, build brands consumers love and be everywhere. Let me start with leading in the best categories. In coffee, this was the first quarter in 5 years that the category experienced retail sales contraction due to deflation. However, with the #1 and #3 brands in the category, we grew volume share across all formats, including canister, premium bag and K-Cups. The Dunkin' and Café Bustelo brands continued to perform well with increased household penetration and market share gains this quarter. 
In snacking, Smucker's Uncrustables is the fastest-growing brand in the frozen snacks category. With the new production facility online and Phase 2 expansion underway, we will have ample capacity to support demand and achieve our goal to grow net sales for the Uncrustables brand to over $500 million annually in fiscal year 2023 and further expand our leadership in this category. 
Turning to our strategic imperative of building brands consumers love. We are excited about our new advertising as we have now launched new campaigns for 10 of our largest brands this fiscal year. Our new advertising campaigns have received accolades across the advertising industry. Commercials for the Jif and 1850 brands received recognition as the Top 100 Global Ads in 2019. While it is too early to measure the full impact of the new campaigns, indications from the launches earlier in the fiscal year are strong and correlate with recent market share gains for the Jif and Smucker's brands. Marketing spend for the quarter was 6.1% of net sales and 6.6% of net sales through the first 9 months of the fiscal year. We remain committed to our investments in consumer-facing marketing and continue to project marketing spend of 6.5% to 7% of net sales for the full year. 
Our third growth imperative is to be everywhere. We know that consumers shop and interact with brands on demand and across multiple channels. Therefore, we need to be wherever consumers shop and available anytime. Within the e-commerce channel, we continue to deliver solid growth, particularly in the pet food and coffee categories. In the third quarter, our sales to pure-play e-commerce retailers continued to grow double digits, accounting for 5% of total U.S. retail sales. Including click and collect through traditional retailers, our e-commerce sales account for nearly 8% of our U.S. retail sales. The 1850 brand is performing excellent online with sales quadrupling over the past year. We have also extended the brand into the Canadian and Away From Home channels. 
In closing, we remain confident in our strategy and are making progress against our growth imperatives. We will continue taking decisive actions to improve performance and remain focused on a clear set of priorities, including prioritizing resources to focus on key growth opportunities including premium pet food, pet snacks, premium coffee and Uncrustables; continuing investments to reinvigorate our brands; enhancing category leadership by strengthening key consumer and customer-facing activities to build competitive advantage; and finally, practicing strict financial discipline. 
This is all in addition to the leadership searches we have underway. We are actively evaluating candidates for the positions announced in mid-November. We are pleased with the quality of candidates and are confident we will fill these critical positions with leaders who will strengthen our organization. Execution on all of these actions is creating momentum for growth and increasing shareholder value. 
Finally, I would like to thank all of our dedicated employees for their continued efforts, which firmly position the company for a bright future. I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.

David, it's Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. If I may, I'd like to just back up. I will answer your question, but I'd like to just back up to the total pet category. As you know, we're in the category because it's a growing category. It's a great category, and our business is really about 3 legs of a stool. It's about pet snacks. It's about cat food and then it's about dog food. And so just reminding the group that, as you all know, the shortfall in the quarter was isolated to premium dog, but there were a number of fantastic positives. And so our strategy is fundamentally about playing offense and making sure that we maintain and drive leadership in pet snacks, which we are the clear leader. It's the most profitable segment. And as you heard in the prepared remarks, cat has been doing very well over 9 quarters, and so we're winning there. And even in our mainstream dog business, that is going well. So just to highlight the fact, again, that this is an isolated issue, Rob has brought a tremendous amount of focus to the business, and so we are very pleased with the work that he and the pet team is doing. 
And Natural Balance, if you think about the channel, it's a $14 billion channel. Again, we have not been playing offense. On that particular brand, we're getting back to doing that. There's no question that the brand itself has the right to win in the pet specialty channel. And so yes, it is going to take a little bit of time. But as we talked last week between rebalancing the portfolio, between grain-free and not, getting the right packaging architecture, pricing structure and then really getting back to actually marketing the brand. So we really think that we can continue to win in Natural Balance but it is going to take time. If you look at total pet spesh and e-com, both of those, we're growing in both of those channels.

No. Fundamentally, there hasn't been any significant losses in distribution. I mean just building on the comment about Natural Balance, it continues to grow in e-com, which I didn't quite say in the last comment, but clearly, there's good growth there. So we're not -- we haven't lost any significant distribution in pet specialty. And then Nutrish, I think the -- really, the highlight is that we're lapping a very strong pipeline fill last year, and so that is not helping the comp -- the comp is not helping the results this quarter. But again, on Nutrish, all of the actions that we have implemented are bearing fruit. As we -- as you see, we have started to increase household penetration. And so really, just, again, playing offense and making sure that we're doing that on both brands.

I'm sorry. Were you asking about treats, Chris?

Yes. I mean there is -- there would be some that is related to some of the -- getting the value proposition right, particularly on Nutrish, which we've done, I think, when we spoke to that a little bit last week at CAGNY. So yes, there would be a bit of incremental there, just using that as a lever to make sure that we're getting the right pricing in the category.

The answer to that very -- this is Mark Smucker. The answer to that very last question is no. We wouldn't expect pricing to get lower. I mean obviously, we're not experiencing deflation in the pet category. Just highlighting again that Nutrish, in total, is a very important brand to our portfolio. Obviously, the actions, again, that we have taken are starting to bear fruit, which is great. The sub lines have played an important part in rounding out the brand, but clearly, there is a core there, which you highlighted, of the base Nutrish SKUS, and that is -- it is very important for us to continue to support those base SKUS. So by no means are we abandoning the sub lines. They each play a unique position within the portfolio and within the brand specifically. But we are making sure that that base, those core Nutrish SKUs are healthy.

Sure, Rob. It's Mark Smucker. I would just start by saying quality is one of our basic beliefs, and so we obviously adhere to unwavering safety and quality standards. The FDA has really made no clear link between DCM and the root cause of any specific diet, because it isn't known. Now obviously, we're going to continue to cooperate with the FDA and the Pet Food Institute to make sure that we can support any of the research that's happening. You've seen that consumers have made some assumptions about what the link might be. And we have seen a slight decrease in sales for grain-free, particularly in the pet specialty channel. But our brands were each less than 2% of the mentioned cases in the FDA report. 
And then I guess, finally, success is really about being close to the consumer, and so we will continue to listen to the consumer and make adjustments within each brand or our portfolio as necessary. And we are launching, or getting ready to, with new -- with grain products to make sure, particularly in those brands that have been mentioned, that we are striking the right balance between grain-in and grain-out products.

Pam, it's Mark Smucker. We do get this question a lot, and we've been pretty consistent in saying that it is a commodity category with -- where we pass-through ups and downs to our customers and consumers. So there can be some volatility in the margins, but we have been consistent in saying and have a high degree of confidence that we can maintain margins around that 30-ish percent. In any given year, you could see fluctuations, but we don't see any significant erosion in that. I guess the other point is as we continue to drive growth in the premium and K-Cup segments, there is a little bit less propensity in the premium and K-Cup segments for volatility, as much volatility. And so that will help to maintain margins on a relatively stable basis.

John, thanks for the question. So as you pointed out, not all innovations are successful. From a top line perspective, we actually would view the Power Ups was successful in, obviously, bringing new consumers into the brand and so forth. But as we got further into the launch and recognized some of the challenges that we might have going forward, that's really what caused us to really implement our financial discipline and recognizing that we could probably divert some of that support into a brand like Uncrustables. 
So -- but from a macro perspective, innovation is going to continue to be important. It is not the only driver of top line growth. We have to continue, as we've said, to invest in some of our larger, more legacy brands, but innovation will play a role in both growth brands as well as some of the mainstay brands as well, and that is really about striking the right balance between, in some cases, platform and, in other cases, more line extension-driven innovation. So an example in pet, as we have continued to see some very nice growth on the Milk-Bone brand, the innovation there, for example, is meeting our expectations. It is performing as we expected. So it's just -- I think the Power Ups example is one where we chose to make a -- to take a very decisive action for the benefit of the broader business, and it was the right decision.

He was asking about pet snacks and how we report pet snacks. We've been a little bit inconsistent. Rob, can you just repeat the question, please?

Yes. Jon, it's Mark Smucker. It's -- you touched on many of the levers. I think the -- what I would highlight is we have so much runway on Uncrustables. One of the -- one of our smaller competitors that had similar products is actually, from what we understand, exiting the business. And just given the fact that we brought the Colorado plant online, that really supports the runway. And so as you know, we have not -- just in core peanut butter and jelly, we have not spent dollars on marketing until basically now. And so that product has continued to grow as convenience and other factors that the consumer wants really have driven that. And so there is a tremendous amount of runway on core. We are continuing to invest in the Colorado facility to make sure that we can support the $0.5 billion target. And then yes, innovation will play a role, but I would just stress the amount of runway just on core PB&J at this point.

Yes, K-Cup is still obviously very important. It is -- in dollars, it's not quite half, it's probably 40%, 45% of the dollars in the at-home category. As you know, the growth has slowed, I think, actually, in the latest 52 weeks, the growth of K-Cups has been about 1% to 2%. The -- this is the first quarter where we've actually seen the total coffee category have a slight contraction in dollars primarily driven by just deflation and the lower commodity cost, but K-Cup is growing. It continues to grow. We are very pleased with our portfolio. If you look at across all of the brands in the portfolio, we did see growth in the quarter on all of the brands and that includes, of course, Folgers and Bustelo, 1850, Dunkin' and so it's -- and gaining share, so continues to be important. 
The partnership with Keurig has been great. As you know, we have benefited from -- over the last couple of years from some lower tolling rates, if you will, and that has been beneficial. Pricing is generally stable, I think it is. The competitive environment has, the dust has settled, so to speak, and I think that we're in a more stable environment in that part of the category.

Scott, it's Mark Smucker. I think the first comment starts with having #1 brands, and the number -- and leading brands like Jif, Smucker's, Folgers, et cetera, have a right to exist and a right to play in each of the categories. And so where you may see some growth of private label, and to a lesser -- much lesser degree, some of the gourmet brands, you may see some shifting around in the shelf set. But generally speaking, it would be the #3 brands that are going to probably suffer the most and first. So we're maintaining category leadership, continuing to partner with the retailers, leveraging the fact that private label typically compares themselves to the leading brand, all tend to, in general terms, work in our favor.

Wanted to thank everyone for taking the time today. I appreciate seeing you all at CAGNY and really feel very good about where the business is and our ability to continue to grow and focus where we need to. And again, thank you to our fantastic employees for all of their efforts.