Thank you, Aaron. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. It was a pleasure to see many of you in New York at our recent investor day, where we provided details on our strategy to achieve our long-term financial goals with a balanced portfolio of core and growth brands. 
This morning, I will begin by discussing our second quarter results and then highlight the progress that we made this quarter in advancing our consumer-centric strategy. 
We are pleased with the results for our business this quarter. While they were in line with our expectations, our efforts to support our balanced portfolio of brands continues to bear fruit. Our focus on adapting to consumer preferences was reflected in robust performance by key growth brands, which, in total, were up 12% this quarter. Sales for Nutrish premium pet food were up 23% over the prior year. Other growth brands, including Nature’s Recipe, Sahale Snacks, Smucker's Uncrustables and Café Bustelo, continued to deliver strong results, as all achieved double-digit sales growth. 
Lower pricing and competitive activity across our broader coffee business impacted sales performance for the Folgers and Dunkin' Donuts brands, but did not impact margins. In pet food, solid 8% growth for the Meow Mix brand was offset by the planned discontinuation of certain Gravy Train products and weakness for Natural Balance in the pet specialty channel. 
Factoring in all of this, and excluding the impact of the Ainsworth acquisition and prior year's sales attributed to the divested baking business, total company net sales were comparable with the prior year. 
As detailed in our press release this morning, our adjusted earnings per share included a pretax gain on the sale of the U.S. baking business and income taxes related to the divestiture. However, the underlying business results, including the acquired Ainsworth business, were consistent with our expectations. 
For the full fiscal year, we revised our sales forecast primarily due to competitive activity in coffee as lower green costs are being passed through to consumers, incremental promotional spend in peanut butter and fruit spreads and, in the pet segment, a shift in timing of shelf reset at key retailers that is delaying slightly the benefit of innovation launches. 
Our adjusted EPS guidance reflects the impact of the revised sales forecast, a higher tax rate related to the baking divestiture, freight costs, unplanned legal expenses and a shift in timing of synergy realization. 
The health of our businesses remain strong as we continue to make meaningful progress against our 3 consumer-centric growth priorities of leading in the best categories, building brands consumers love and being everywhere. 
Let me provide a few examples of how we are executing against this framework, beginning with leading in the best categories. 
Focusing on our growth brands in coffee, our Dunkin' Donuts K-Cup was recently recognized as a 2018 Nielsen Breakthrough Innovation, with year 1 sales exceeding $200 million. In addition to the #1 selling K-Cup SKU, the Dunkin' brand continues to be the #1 premium bag SKU offering and the #1 selling cold brew kit. 1850 brand coffee continues to perform as launch results confirm we are engaging with our target consumer. Velocities for 18 out of 19 SKUs increased this quarter, and total sales since launch are 90% incremental to the Folgers brand. The continued success of the 1850 brand will require us to fill out the product offerings in the coming years. This is a multiyear effort. 
Double-digit sales growth for the Café Bustelo brand was fueled by 38% growth for Bustelo K-Cups this quarter. And in fact, consumer takeaway for our total K-Cup portfolio was more than double the category growth this quarter. 
Further to our growth priority of leading in the best categories, we are well positioned for growth across all key segments of pet food and pet snacks, which is now the largest category in the center of store, growing at over 2x the total store average. Our dry cat food business, led by the iconic Meow Mix and 9Lives brands, had double-digit sales growth this quarter. 
Sales for our widely available premium pet brands, Nature's Recipe and Nutrish, grew by 15% and 23%, respectively. While sales at pet snacks were down slightly compared to the prior year, we are excited about the upcoming snacks innovation. Retailer acceptance of our pet food and snacks innovation has been strong, with new points of distribution being 3% to 4% incremental to our current footprint for the total pet business. 
Turning to our growth priority of building brands consumers love. We are following through on our commitment to increase marketing investment to support our innovation in growth brands. Our marketing expense increased $20 million this quarter compared to the prior year, driven by coffee and the addition of Ainsworth. A higher level of marketing support is critical to achieving our goal to grow our growth brands, which currently represents approximately $2 billion in total sales by high single digits over the next 5 years. We will also continue to invest in our core brands and anticipate flat to 1% growth for these brands over the same period. 
In support of these objectives, we announced a transformation of our marketing model consistent with our aspiration of becoming a best-in-class marketing organization. The 3 key components to our new model are: one, overhauling our internal model to align marketing expertise to each business; two, adopting a new agency model and partner; and three, investing in resources in the areas of creative, consumer insights and data. Our new approach will yield increased productivity, cost savings that can be used to fund new investments, more breakthrough creative content and improved quality of our consumer engagement. 
This leads us to our growth priority to be everywhere, as how and where consumers shop and consume products is more than ever on demand and multichannel. We think about both traditional and emerging retail channels, including the foodservice channel, as a single ecosystem where our brands must maintain an emotional bond with consumers. The fastest-growing part of this ecosystem is e-commerce. We have strategic advantages here as coffee and pet food are 2 of the fastest-growing categories online. These 2 categories drove a 40% increase in our e-commerce sales this quarter. Over 1/3 of our pet food and treats e-commerce sales, and approximately 25% of our coffee online sales, are on a subscription basis, and we anticipate continued growth. 
As we look to expand both our partnerships with digital retailers and our own direct-to-consumer platforms, we will test new products and meet consumer demand for more customized offerings and variety with increased speed and minimal investment. Our new marketing model and capabilities will also help us capitalize on how, where and when our brands engage with consumers across digital platforms in targeted ways, ensuring our brands remain top of mind with relevant consumer segments. 
Within our Away From Home business, we are consolidating our separate U.S. and Canadian operations into a single team. In addition, we transferred responsibility for the convenience channel to this team, which was previously included in our U.S. Retail businesses. Our focus on branded offerings in these channels, such as Smucker's Uncrustables and portion control Fruit Spreads, Sahale Snacks and the upcoming launch of 1850 coffee in foodservice channels, further supports our intent to be everywhere and have our brands available wherever consumers shop. 
In closing, let me reiterate that our decisions around M&A, our investments in capabilities, brands and supply chain, supported by our cost savings efforts are all rooted in our consumer-led strategy focused on relevant growth categories. We have a balanced portfolio of core and high-growth brands. And we are committed to our increased investments, particularly in marketing, to strengthen our brands' purpose and connection to consumers. This strategy is our commitment to deliver total company growth and increased sustained shareholder value. 
Lastly, we have a great team of dedicated employees to execute this strategy, and I would like to thank all of them for their continued dedication and efforts. 
I will now turn the call over to Mark Belgya.

Andrew, it's Mark Smucker. Thanks for the question. So as I said at investor day, we've got to stick to our gun. Obviously, we came out pretty strongly in support of this increase in marketing, getting back to historical levels, getting -- staying in that 6% to 8% of net sales range, which Mark earlier highlighted, that even with some modest trimming this year, we're still going to be right -- in terms of a percent of net sales, we'll be right where we expected to be. I would highlight, and I'm going to actually ask Tina to make a couple of comments, that, again, as Mark mentioned, where we felt that we could get some productivity gains, there may have been some opportunities where we didn't need to spend some dollars. On Uncrustables specifically, we -- that growth continues and we have not needed to accelerate some of the marketing spend that we thought we would. So I would submit to you that we have not cut any of the core marketing programs that we had intended to. It's more sort of trimming across a variety of areas, but not affecting any of our core programs.

Chris, it's Mark Smucker. I'm just going to start real quick and then pass it over to Mark. But I think what is a little unique about our business versus some of the rest of the industry, as we are seeing inflation in many categories, we are starting to see some inflation in pet, as we've commented in the prepared comments. But you are correct that in coffee, and to a lesser degree and to some degree, in consumer, we are still seeing some deflation. And so, yes, I can turn it over to Mark to just comment, generally on the net effect, but I think that does make us a little unique. What I don't think has changed is that we will continue to pass along cost up or down to the end consumer, and so that has not changed. And that, again, we use multiple levers. I think what you've seen in both coffee and peanut butter of late and then probably for the back half is that we will be using the trade lever, to a degree. And so that's just -- that's one way we manage it.

Rob, it's Mark Smucker. I'll start, and then ask the team if they have any color commentary. So you are correct, it is a competitive environment. You are also correct that as we manage through those environment, making sure that our price gaps are right, that our goal is to protect profit, dollar profit. Obviously, margins are important too, but we really are focused on dollar profit. And as you've seen so far this year, we've been successful in doing that. We do -- we continue to believe philosophically that the right thing to do is to not only be competitive, but to pass through up or down cost to the end consumer, and so that will continue to be our focus. But I do think at the end of the day, we are focused, again, on making sure that we can sustain and ultimately grow our dollar profit.

I would add.

Rob, this is Mark Smucker again. Just as an example without naming any specific customer, we do have one of our largest customers that is in the process going through resets and actually our core Folgers business is more than likely going to regain some lost shelf space that they had previously lost. And I think the customer recognized that it probably wasn't the right decision, and so we're actually going to be regaining some space on the core of Red Can, that particular customer. So to Joe's point, we have to go in taking an approach that we're doing what's right for the entire category. And to the extent that we can do that, we feel that both the customer and our business will ultimately benefit.

Akshay, thank you for the question. You're right. It absolutely is offensive. At the end of the day, we've got to do what's right for our brands and making sure that the long-term health of the brands is there, is really what it's all about. And so I would submit to you that we were one of the very first companies to publicly talk about a step-up in marketing and whether or not some of our peers or competitors are doing the same thing. I think it points to the fact that it's probably the right thing to do across the board. As you know, there has been some erosion of brand equity, just generally speaking, in the industry. But in our own case, that is also true, and so we need to make sure that we're fully engaged with the consumer as we've said at Investor Day, and so the step-up in marketing is absolutely offensive. If you think about when you look at traditional MMA analysis, $1 spent on marketing typically has a markedly higher return over than $1 spent on trade, yet that return tends to be a longer burn, so the return time frame may be longer, it's not an instant hit. But that's the reason why we have to stick to our guns and continue to support our brands over the long term, and we should see our equities, our awarenesses and all of those measures similarly rise.

The latter part of your question, we believe that as well that if done right, the cost of growth over time should be more efficient. As it relates to the offensive comment, Akshay, these investments in our brands are ultimately aimed at building loyalty. And that when you can build loyalty, you build repeat purchase. And when you build repeat purchase, ultimately, you're going to improve share. So absolutely. And then the cost of incremental sales part of your question, that has been true over the last few years in terms of trade dollars that there has been more trade in certain categories you have seen, trade dollars aren't getting the incremental lift that they say previously had. Therefore, justifying a return to investing in our brands.

Okay, Scott, this is Mark Smucker. So first of all, we are wholeheartedly committed to our strategy. And one of the reasons why Uncrustables has been performing as well as it has, is some of the consumption that peanut butter and jelly has or is shifting to ready premade sandwiches. And so we can consider ourselves lucky and smart that we are in that business because clearly, as a consumer doesn't make a PB and J in the morning, they might default to that. So clearly that is on strategy. As it relates to coffee, same thing, where we accelerated the growth of our one cup business, that has overdelivered this quarter and then Pet as well, making in every category, shifting our portfolio to where the growth is. And I would point to the fact that we had some questions in the last few quarters about Nutrish and its ability to coexist with Nature's Recipe. And as you've seen from the results, they're doing -- they're both doing very well, and they both serve a unique need. And so in each category, we are executing our strategy, making sure that we're supporting where the growth is and consistently following through. As it relates to innovation, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, these are multiyear efforts. We talked a year or 2 ago about fewer bigger best. This is the beginning of that. You're seeing those efforts come to fruition. But as we're launching platforms, I would submit to you as you look across the industry, the amount of investment that we're making against the new platform is not unusual or significantly higher than you might see elsewhere in the industry. So we think we're pretty consistent there. But it does require us to maintain that investment for some period to flesh out, to fill out those product lines so that they continue to gain a presence on shelf. And so we've got to continue to do those things. So to the extent that we can continue to follow through on our strategy, we have a tremendous amount of confidence that we'll be successful.

Thank you. Just want to reiterate. First of all, thank you to all of you for taking the time today to listen in. Wanted to just comment despite some of the unforeseen this quarter, the businesses are performing as expected. We see, from our lens, our strategy is working. I commented on Nature's Recipe and Nutrish coexisting. The fact that our Folgers brand, the decline was very modest. Our innovation is performing. Our growth brands are growing. So from our perspective, it is about sticking to our guns, making sure that we continue to support those things. And again, just thank you, our investors, for the questions today. I personally felt like it was a productive dialogue. Your questions were welcome, and it felt like a continuation of our Investor Day from a couple months ago. So I just wanted to thank you all for that. And then, of course, just thank our employees because they are the company, they are the people that make this happen every day, and so just wanted to acknowledge their support and dedication. And all of you, have a great day and a happy holiday.