Andrew, it's Mark. Thank you for the question. We are very much committed to continuing to invest in our brands. And that, as we have over the last 2 years and going forward, we will remain very committed to spending the requisite dollars against our brand. I would highlight couple of our previous comments on our more recent calls that we have become more efficient in our spend and we have been able to get better bang for our buck on our marketing spend. And also just the fact that there's been so much inflation makes the percent of sales look lower or -- lower. 
But in terms of what we're committed to, we did have a little bit of a down quarter. But I want to be very clear with all of our investors that we are committed to maintaining the momentum. We've had great -- over 2/3 of our brands continue to grow or maintain share. And so our strategy clearly is working, shifting our resources to the highest growth opportunities. And in this inflationary environment, there's really only so much you can spend. But rest assured that we are committed and we will continue to support our brands now and ongoing.

Laurent, it's Mark. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we're incredibly pleased with Uncrustables. 31 consecutive quarters of growth, double digit in all but maybe 1 or 2 of those quarters. So -- and then we essentially hit our $0.5 billion sales target more or less a year early. So on a 12-month run rate basis, we have already achieved that goal. And you are correct, we are adding capacity in Colorado, and we broke ground on the facility in Alabama, which is going to take a couple of years before it's online. But the investments we are making in capacity will clearly support increased demand. And we have high confidence that we will continue to see double-digit growth. 
And truly, capacity is the only constraint. If you think about demand, lower household penetration, the fact that we haven't totally unlocked new channels or parts of our Away From Home channel. Canada is an area that would come online at some point in the future. And then, of course, marketing, we have not turned on marketing for Uncrustables either. So there's a lot of tailwinds that we see in the future. And our focus right now is just continuing to make sure that we ramp up capacity as quickly as possible to support the double-digit growth.

Sure. I guess what I would like to clarify first is that it is not a departure from our stated M&A strategy. We have always, for many years, talked about M&A being a very important part of our growth. It just so happens that in the last couple of years, we've had divestitures. And there haven't been meaningful acquisition targets or affordable acquisition targets that were of interest to us. So what I would like to just emphasize is that we continue to look at M&A. We will continue to look at M&A. We've made great strides in reshaping our portfolio. The only nuance that might be a little different is that we would be unlikely to do a small M&A emerging brand in a category that we currently don't play in. 
Other than that, we would be looking to invest in meaningful M&A that potentially gives us a leadership position in a new and growing category or a bolt-on acquisition that helps round out one of our existing categories. And those latter 2 comments are not new, but you won't see us entering new categories with small emerging brands.

Steve, it's Mark. Let me just start with a general statement, which is as we have all year, we have adjusted our pricing to recover dollar for dollar cost. And that does include some productivity initiatives as well. And so recent pricing actions are no different. And that would even include pricing actions that we have taken even in the last few weeks. So the goal, of course, is to maintain the momentum of our brands, including investment and offset the inflation. 
In terms of elasticity, we have enjoyed better than historical elasticities. And -- but we've been very prudent as we forecast forward to make sure that we're building into our forecast what we think are realistic elasticities. And so there could be a bit of moderation, but we want to make sure and make sure that our investors know that we are taking a prudent approach to how we're forecasting the business. 
And I guess the last question -- or the last comment I would make just on a -- from an inflation standpoint. As we're -- the whole industry -- and all industries for that matter are experiencing this. But even within our industry, just to remind ourselves that the tide does rise all boats. And since it is pretty ubiquitous across every single category, I think what that does do, it does keep the playing field fairly level.

Rob, it's Mark. I would just add one comment about the supply chain. And Tucker is right, we expect the disruption to continue. What I -- on a positive, we have made great strides in managing what we can control. And I've highlighted on the previous couple of calls how our execution has been excellent and our people have -- it's a tribute to our people that they've been able to stay focused on the day-to-day and the execution. 
And notably, one area that we have made some improvement is in labor. So labor being an area that we can control of late, we've actually made some headway there. And there are going to be things, just to acknowledge some things will be out of our control. But the fact that we've made improvements in staffing as well as expanding our supplier base over the last many months has definitely allowed us to manage our supply chain better.

Yes. Pam, I would say that we recognize that the category has changed a lot since we acquired that brand and acknowledge that our strength is really in pet snacks and cat food. And notably, we actually did take the #1 position in dry cat food in the last 12-week period with Meow Mix. 
So just -- have we learned? Absolutely, right? And I think anticipating how that -- the dog food category has gone and the fact that we are not one of the leaders in the dog food segment of the category, speaks to the fact that, again, our portfolio reshape, making sure that we're spending our dollars and resources against the areas where we're going to see the most growth. And we will remain committed to stabilizing Nutrish in our dog food portfolio. But clearly, where our strength lies is pet snacks and cat food.

Sure. And part of the answer is the same answer I gave a little bit earlier, but just -- we can't anticipate what other pricing may come. I would acknowledge -- and we've talked a lot about coffee. I would just highlight that coffee prices, coffee commodity costs are not at record highs. So we have seen higher costs. That's just one small data point. But the comment really is that we have been very diligent and prudent in adjusting our prices throughout the year for inflation. And we have been very prudent in how we have taken those and really just following inflation and making sure that our price increases are truly justified from a cost standpoint. 
And so we have been very successful in doing that. The intent is to recover cost. And all of the pricing actions, even the most recent ones, are no different. And so really, we have to remain focused on maintaining the great top line momentum we've got, including investing in our brands while we're offsetting the cost increases. So that will remain our focus. And the receptivity has been good. Every -- as I mentioned earlier, everybody is experiencing this. And so retailers are willing to work with us to find the best path forward and ensure that we're passing on justified cost increases.

Well, I just want to say thank you to all of you who tuned in, our investors, our analysts, our employees who have made these results possible, their tremendous commitment to our business, and really just hope everyone has a great week. And thank you for listening.